a close up of a plate of doughnuts on a table
Four men on at a military awards ceremony. 
A man with a whole pizza in his hand. 
A zebra stands alone in  bare, artificial habitat.
a woman with a red shirt is holding a black dog
A man and a woman standing on a stony beach with driftwood
The cat is sitting on the floor beside a pair of tennis shoes.
A couple of elephant standing next to each other on a rocky walkway.
An uncommon picture of a single person inside this picture.

Two people standing around an island in a restaurant kitchen. 
A train arrives at an empty station somewhere in Asia.
A blue dump truck sits parked on a residential street.
A skaterboader flipping his skateboard in the air.
A woman is standing in front of a television set with a remote in her hand.
A man standing next to a surfboard on the sand.
A man on a surfboard in the ocean.
A man is plowig a field with two large horses.
A woman wearing a yellow top and a jean skirt standing next to a yellow fire hydrant. 
a man catching a ball with a young boy
A city bus parked at the curb 
A motorcycle and car parked on the street.
A dog relaxes on the green grass as he holds a yellow frisbee.
Donuts traveling down an assembly line in a factory while people work behind it.
some clothes, books and teddy bear sitting on a bed 
A cat sits on a blanket in a cage.
A parking meter with graffiti drawn on it.
A woman seems to be observing the sheep in the wild. 
Two women playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A red frisbee has been thrown by a man.
A group all looking at their cell phones
A stop sigm at an intersection with some graffitti on it.
A living room has a couch, decorations, and some tables.
Several zebras standing around in the grass. 
a man that has a tennis racket in his hand
A person reaches their hand in a bowl of broccoli.
Members of opposing baseball teams are on a baseball field as the spectators sit in the grandstand.
A red fire hydrant placed by a broken fence and trees
a man is about to throw a Frisbee in a grassy field
A group of people eating rom a large sandwich.
White commuter airplane with blue tail on an airport runway. 
The couple are getting ready to cut and share the cake. 
Two stuffed teddy bears hanging from a rear view mirror.
Several chairs and tables are in a bright room.
A person is in mid air over a tennis court.
A man pours wine from the bottle to the glass. 
A man in a blue shirt and jeans in an office space.
A person is snowboarding down a snowy slope.
Green dump truck on left hand side of the road.
An iPhone resting in a bean bag holder.
A collage of many tennis players at a tennis area
A living room and dining area that is clean and well lit
A bathroom sink with a soap dispenser and toothbrush holder.
A man is inside the back of a moving truck.
A statue of two people flying a kite. 
A man flying a two handled kite during daylight.
A baseball player wearing red swings at a ball.
A girl on a couch with a video game remote in her hand. 
There is a large dining hall with a large window.
A ham pizza with grated parmesan is on a plate in front of a TV.
A computer keyboard and monitor on a desk.
A very big work station with a bunch of computers.
this is a man sitting on a green couch
A skiier posing in front of a sign on a ski slope.
An aerial view of mountains and lakes from an airplane window.
A man throws frisbees in the middle of a field.
a squat down toilet with a trash can near by
He was taking a picture with his cell phone of her holding the baby.
A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard.
A small baby elephant walking with other larger elephants
Trains making their way down the track in a rail yard.
Four sheep graze in a hilly field while the sky above them is blue with wispy clouds.
A boy sits on a bicycle in a flooded street.
A stoplight that is flashing green lights at cars.
Two men standing next to each other outside
Air Force plane on a runway with several other planes.
A man is hitting a baseball with a baseball bat.
A man and two women holding a basket with a hotdog.
A black and white picture of two men playing a tennis match with the umpire and spectators look on
A cat watching the mice on the T.V. screen.
A table topped with two bowls filled with fruits.
A large pepperoni pizza on a cutting board.
A man with a racket on a tennis court. 
A sign on a pole and on a building in another language. 
Looking down at cookies baking in a home oven
Lots of people at a long table eating, drinking and smiling
A display of a variety of female outfits, shoes, and handbags.
This is a picture of a zoo outdoor. 

A red train riding down a track in the middle of a station.
Signs are blocking off a street for an art exhibit.
A cluttered room with a sink, a toilet and in industrial mop bucket.
A boat is docked right next to a large building.
Group of people on beach near ocean surfing.
A cake shaped like a sheep for a 50th birthday.
A little girl rides backwards in a shopping cart wearing sunglasses.
A couple flies a kite on a large beach.
Exactly what does this foreign HAZEPAD sign mean?
A man playing tennis is swinging his racket.
A man wearing a mask on a sidewalk beside a street.
A frozen pizza is cooked in an oven.
A bird that is sitting on a rope by some trees.
A train has stopped and people are getting off.
People at the beach watching an airshow with eight jets.
A photo taken of the television during a newscast.
A man is posing next to his bike on a brick sidewalk, and a green van is parked out in the street next to him.
People shaking hands while they get ready to play a tennis game
A couple of people playing a game with remote controllers.
A brick red train is passing by a tree filled mountain.
A small puppy sits on a messy bed cluttered with books and papers.
The players are waiting for the next period to begin.
A girl in a brown jacket staring a whole pizza.
antique style photo of a bathroom showing the toilet
A group of men dressed in red and blue shirts plays Frisbee.
Mom and baby elephant cuddling in a pasture.
A cat sitting on top of a window ledge in the daytime
A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat.
a bath room with two sinks and mirrors 
Some cows with horns laying on a beach.
Two parents are helping a baby put on a hat.
 a woman smoking a cigarette near a girl sitting inside of a refridgerator.
A horse looks at a dog along a tree lined fence.
A person sitting next to a desk holds onto a little pair of scissors. 
Orange halves sit on a wooden kitchen countertop in front of a metal juicer and mesh bags of oranges.
a double deckered bus on a city street
A wrap of some sort with bacon and lettuce on it.
Group of people enjoying food at a market.
A green light at a busy intersection with traffic moving along.
A cute little teddy bear on a mantle near a vintage photo.
A man is holding a surfboard by the water.
