A street sign that has been filled with stickers.
Park bench near concrete on side of park
A white plate topped with food sitting on a black table.
A young man skateboarding along the side of a concrete skate bowl. 
Three birds perched on a gutter on a building.
A purple train engine going under a pedestrian crossing.
A railroad crossing with the gate down as a train goes by.
French fries, onions, ribs, and a roll in a box

a girl is brushing her teeth a mirror and some bottles
Two giraffes, one grown and one baby, standing next to each other
Baxter street in the city at night; a "people crossing" sign.
A boy standing in front of a tee ball tee with a bat.
Happy boy showing off a packaged electric toothbrush.
The men are trying to fly their kite by the water. 
A large jet flying through a sky under clouds.
Some airplanes are parked on the big airway. 
This is a bare kitchen with white counters and basic appliances. 
Two giraffes going in different directions on a rocky terrain.
A pavement where a person foot are seen having skates. 
A man at bat holding the bat with the umpire and catcher behind him
A man with a wet suit on standing on a surfboard in the water.
Firefighters and three firetrucks are parked on a street.
A cow tied to a rope is eating hay
A horse is eating some grass in front of the fence. 
A man is walking a dog on his bike through a crosswalk.
A couple of sheep laying on top of a pile of dry grass.
A fire hydrant is surrounded by colorful flowers.
a kitchen with a dishwasher double door panty and a back door
Bananas overhang an open crate that is half full of potatoes and has writing on the side. 
A yellow truck is parked on grass near a jumbo jet on display.
This living room has a fancy rug, a couch, and a wood burning stove.
A young man is relaxing outside with his surf boards. 
some red apples are growing on a tree
A group of giraffes stand nearby under a roof.
A bony black cow is in on the city street.
A woman sitting on the toilet with a cup of coffee.
A small bathroom has two dirty toilets and a sink
A person going down a steep snow hill.
A male on his bike that seems shocked.
A youth on a skateboard moving across concrete tile with people in the background.
Someone is walking, possibly towards a vehicle or line, moving their travel bag
A small paperback book that was left on a bed.
Peculiar street sign showing intersection of 23 3/4 St and 8th Ave/CTH D.
there is a dog in the air going to catch a frisbee
A three wheeler and a motorcycle stopping at at stop sign.
Street signs along a well manicured street with large houses.
A brown teddy bear with a black staff
A man with sunglasses is holding a plate of donuts.
A close up of the stems of flowers in a clear vase with water
A couple of young boys kicking around a basket ball.
A small table with chairs in a decorated room.
Many children work on green and white laptop computers.
Food cooks in a pot on a stove in a kitchen.
A bunch of yellow bananas in a natural jungle setting. 
Two sandwiches in paper baskets sitting on a blue tray.
THERE ARE CITY BUSES GOING DOWN THE STREET 
A boat crowded with people moving down a canal.
A group of clocks that show the times in various parts of the world.
Several colorful kites flying across the beach. 
A woman holding a racket focuses on tennis ball.
A group of girls chase after a soccer ball.
A young girl who is practicing how to ride a horse.
A green car with vintage luggage in the back of it.
an image of stuffed teddy bears playing instruments
A very tall gray brick building has a tower and a clock on top of it.
Candle in votive holder near plate of meat.
A large building with a clock tower and dome on top.
A couple of white ranges, sitting alongside the wall.
A busy airport with many people walking around.
I believe this is a bear up in a tree but it is hard to be certain
A cat sitting next to a stuffed elephant on a window sill.
A subway station is seen through the reflection of a mirror.
A toilet with its lid raised in a stall.
A street corner with traffic lights and cars.
Two cats sitting on a sink in a bathroom
A commuter train on tracks between tall buildings.
A young woman in a blue tank top browses in  a shoe store.
A dog laying on a purple pillow in a suitcase on the floor
a man is carving some meat on a wooden table
a train is moving along at the train stop 
Two red motorcycles parked at a curb on the street.
Part of a docked boat is full of bananas. 
Boy poised about to forehand smash a tennis ball
A kitchen with sunshine shining off of black and white tiles
Two sandwiches have been halved and placed on a plate with a knife.
A large port building with a clock tower in it.
Three giraffes are outdoors near some dead trees and water.
A fancy desert on a table with a number of drinking glasses.
A train passing through a grassy field. 
A person sitting in a dark room with a bright light coming in the window.
The men and woman are having a picnic outdoors with  a large pizza and drinks.
Old photo of man sitting on his motorcycle
A closeup of a personal sized pizza on a plate
A man with feet connected to board being carried across water.
A red double decker sight seeing bus driving down the street
A lady playing frisbee with her dog, in the snow.
 A group of wheeled suitcases next to a DO NOT ENTER sign. 
A group of three women sitting on top of a brown couch.
Two men both working on the same computer screen.
People are sitting on benches as they watch people walk by.
A man sits on a computer desk in a room. 
A person that is doing a trick on the snowboard.
The three laptop computers are sitting together on the table.
A piece of cake is on a plate with a fork near a bottle of cola.
A woman's hair being blown while riding in a car. 
A person lying down on a surf board in the ocean.
many laptops  on a wooden table on being in use
a man is holding his skis up while on a bench
A snowboard lies in the snow, partly covered by snow.
a white cup is sitting on a blue thing
A toddler with a toothbrush sitting on top of the lid of a toilet.
A hot dog in tin foil with mustard, onions and other toppings.
A group of tables decorated for a large party.
a person holding a surf board standing on a beach
A small action figure from Futurerama holding a skate board.
A sink, shower and window of a bathroom.
A metal oven sitting next to plants outdoors.
A locomotive train is passing by a switch point. 
Two stop lights are hung for alerting distant drivers.
A cat is walking across a rug on a kitchen floor.
Man on surfboard surfing on crashing waves 
A group of men are drinking wine near wine barrels.  
a chinese street with a mcdonalds in the back drop
A full view of a living room filled with pink color. 
a dog watching a little boy on tv
A horse pulls an open-air carriage on a cobblestone road.
A large statue of roman people and lions with a blue and gold clock in the middle.
A hotel bedroom with balcony overlooking the ocean.
