the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this is a flower with a bright yellow pistil and long pale pink petals.
the flower has purple petals a yellow center and a bee flying into it.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and a yellow center
this flower has a short clump of bright yellow stamen surrounded by a wheel-configuration of white petals with a notched top end.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has ripply pale purple petals with bright yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow center and striated pink petals.

these large cream tipped orange petals have center orange curled pistil clustered with bud and other blooms on an erect pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and green pedicel.
this flower has a strange looking flower with a lot of colors.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
an orange flower with large petals and curved stamen in the center.
this red flower has rounded petals that have light yellow edges
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are lighter along the edges.
this flower has wide and rounded red petals which have pale yellow edges.
the red petals have yellow edges and the stamens are red and curled at the ends.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the flower has an orange colored set of petals with the tip of its stigma in red color.
the flower shown has an orange petal with red and yellow anther and an orange filament
a orange flower that has a long yellow pollen tube
the flower has petals that are orange with orange stigma.
the flower has orange petals and a protruding pistil topped with a yellow and red stigma.
this flower has large, bright orange petals and a long pistil that ends in a cluster of yellow and red stigma.
the single long orange filament is topped with multiple antenna that are both red and yellow spheres and is surrounded by bright orange petals.
this flower has orange petals that has a big yellow style
this flower is orange with five thin petals that curve and has a long style in the middle with red anthers.

this flower has petals that are white with a tint of yellow
this drooping flower has papery white petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are curved down ward.
this flower has large white petals and no visible outer stigma in the middle
this white bell shaped flower has white petals and and bright green pedicel.
this flower has white petals, tinged with a darker green.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping down ward.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this white flower has petals that have rounded points and face downward.
this drooped over bloom is white with a greenish tint with a darker green line on the outside of each petal.

this flower has long, oval shaped lavender petals and a large, spiky center.
the flower has petals of a pinkish hue with numerous stamen
this lavender colored flower has multiple drooping leaves and a thin stem.
this flower has a thin and long pink petal with a dark brown anther filament
this flower is pink and brown in color, and has petals that are dropping down.
the beautiful big flower has pink petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around a bunch brownis red stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are light purple colroed with white hues.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has a single layer of oblong purple petals in a ray configuration.

this flower's red petals are very small and tightly clustered into long, thin rows.
the flower shown has a tiny red petals with greed pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and look like combs.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are red and very small
this flower has long stems of bushy, red petals and light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this bright red flower has green sepals and red stamen.
this flower has a tall, thin and spiky appearance with lots of very small red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy in appearance.

this flower has large layered bright yellow petals that bloom outward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower is rose like with yellowish white overlapping petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the light yellow petals of this flower are arranged in layers.
this flower has bright yellow petals that are tightly wrapped around the pistil.
this flower has large yellow petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded togetehr
this flower opens in a swirl of petals that are deep yellow at center and light yellow in the outer layer.
the flower has a yellow large petals around the pollen tube

this flower has petals that are yellow, with pink edges and spots.
this flower has spaced pink and yellow petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are red with dark dots
a small orange and yellow spotted flower with long pointed petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink and orange.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has sparse petals that are yellow and orange with pink spots.
this flower has small yellow petals that are covered with pink dots.

the flower has purple petals as well as yellow anther and white filament
the flower has petals that are pale pink on the outer petal and dark pink in the center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are thing and rounded.
this small purple flower has delicate leaves and a thick stamen center
the petals of the flower are purple in color while the anthers are yellow.
the beautiful small flower has purple petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in single layer of disc with yellow stamens in the center
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this small flower has yellow-orange anther filaments, a green ovule and purple petals with white tips.
this flower has purple petals that are all different shapes and sizes with a large round pistil with a yellow stamen.
this flower has small purple petals with rounded edges and a ring of short yellow stamen.

the flower has many overlapping petals that are bright yellow.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the petals of this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
this striking flower has a large number of yellow petals arranged to form a vertical pattern.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.
a flower with yellow petals and green, ball like stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together

this flower has white, wedge-shaped pedals that spring out from a yellow pistil.
the flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals and yellow anther and filament
the flower has many white colored petals that are ovl shaped with yellow stamens
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has layered petals that reach upward with a yellow-tan center.
the flower is so beautiful with white petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately in different layers enclosing yellow stamens forming bowl like shape
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the smooth orange petals, layered thickly over one another, form a shallow cup, at the bottom of which are the yellow pistils and stringy stamens.
this flower has a yellow and orange set of petals and a bright yellow stamen.
the flower has yellow orange petals and a middle that is bright yellow with a green stalk.
the flower has petals of an orange hue with orange stamen.
a flower with long orange petals and thin yellow stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright orange.
this flower has many rows of thin orange petals pointing up and many yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has orange petals that have many yellow stamen
this flower has layers of yellow petals that surround and center of yellow anther and filament.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.

the petals are a deep purple color with white spots on them, and the flower droops downwards.
this flower has dark pink and white broad petals that hang close to together, with long thing green leaves, and hangs upside-down.
the down-turned stem holds a rounded bell shaped flower with plum-colored and white checkered petals.
this flower has purple and white wilted petals and a wilted receptacle.
purple and white petals, flower and pedicel droops and faces the ground.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots
a flower with long and wide petals that are a dark red.
this flower has a long green stem, with a raspberry and white spotted petals.
this flower has pink and white petals that form the shape of an overturned cup.

this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with a red pistil.
this flower has pink petals with a red filament and white stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this flower contains pink rounded petals as well as numerous pink filaments and their anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has thick red stems and small soft pink petals.
this flower has thick red stems and small soft pink petals.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with long stigma
the flower stamen are longer in length with larger anthers
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are pink with white filaments.
this flower is on a vine and has small pink petals and long white filaments with beige anthers.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
one row of premature buds and one flower blooming with pink petals with many stamin.
this flower has sparse pink colored petals with white veins and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has long stamen

this flower sports a large brownish center and many bright yellow petals radiating outward.
the flower has skinny petals that are yellow and brown stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has thin yellow petals that layer over each other and the middle is brown and fuzzy
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this yellow flower has dense many layered pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow pedals and brown anther with green sepal pedals.
this flower is yellow and brown in color, and has petals that are layered.
a flower with bright yellow petals and a brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

this is a small flower that has pink and white petals.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are yellow with flowery stigma
this flower has tiny white center blossoms with triangular pointed orange petals which are veined and leaflike.
this flower is encased in a thin orange sepal with pink petals and small yellow stamen
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has thin light orange petals and light pink stigmas.
this flower has pointy-tipped orange leaves around tiny white blossoms.
this flower has yellow-brown petals that are curly with large pistils.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has flowery stamenb

the flower has grey petals that are shaped like feathers.
the leaves of the flower are green while the center has an ovary that is green and prickly.
the flower has petals that are feather like and white with green stigma.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has dozens of white and green leaves that surround a green spiky ovule.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long purplish-white petals which are very pointy and the stigma is very think and long, coming from the center.
the leaves of the flowers are spiked and have a fruit in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and pointy at the top
a flower with leave like white petals surrounding a very large thorn covered ovule.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the dark pink petals with smaller white flowers as the center has yellow stamens, and green pedicel.
this flower has yellow stamen and five rounded white petals surrounded by five large pointed pink petals.
the flower shown has outer red petals and inner pale petals as its main feature.
the flower shown has light red outer petals, white inner petals, and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has yellow style
this flower has yellow petals on top and red petals underneath.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has five rounded white petals with five tapered plum colored petals surrounding it.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple and short steman
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are wavy.
the flowers are blue in color,has prominent pistil that is green in color
a flower with dark blue petals and no visible pistils showing.
the flower has blue petals and light blue stems.
this deep violet flower has wide, draping, thin petals, with no protruding pollen tube or stamen visible.
a blue flower with many blue petals on a light blue pedicel.
this flower has a skinny dusty green stem and very sparse, thin leaves with wavy bright blue petals.
the purple petals have dark purple veins and the sepals are small and green.
this flower has petals that are lue and has yellow stamen

the flower is made of a bundle of petals that are red in color.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are red with red stamen.
a flower with clustered rounded red petals and deep forest green sepals.
a clustered flower that has dark red petals with some white spots
a beautiful bunch of flowers with bright red petals.
this flower has very bright red petals and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has many curved, bright red petals in a wide array.

this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
a lovey pink pedaled flower with darker pink shades towards the center and lighter pink on the outside.
this flower has long pink petals and no visible outer stamen
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming dense layer in the centre and very loose layer in the outer region
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of upturned white petals with pink tips.
the flower has several petals that are pink and white colored.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
the petals are white and pink, they're many of them.

this flower has a yellow center and layers of peach colored petals with pointed tips.
this flower has many layers of pale red with white edges petals around a center of yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow and peach with a long stigma
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has thin gold petals as its main feature.
a light orange petaled flower that goes yellow towards the stamen.
this flower has layers of small, mounded pale peach colored petals and a pale yellow center.
these flowers have gold and tan clustered petals embedded on green leaves.
this flower has multiple rows of lightly colored petals that are typically pink, peach, and yellow.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this flower has small leaves of pale yellow which are heart shaped.
the petals are light yellow in color, slowly turning darker yellow in the middle.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of these flowers have scalloped edges and are pale yellow with darker yellow pigment closer to the center of the flower.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with rounded petals.
this flower has a grouping of blossoms that have yellow petals in a wheel formation.
this flower has yellow petals that has a darker shad in the center
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this star-shaped flower has lavender petals and a dark purple center.
the flowers has very bright purple colored petal with its filament in a darker violet shade.
the flower shown has purple petals with a purple pedicel
a flower with purple petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has a funnel-shaped configuration consisting of light purple petals with a crinkled texture.
this flower has petals that are purple and have ruffled edges
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wilted and ruffled.
this flower has five wide, very ruffled petals in a pale purple shade.
this flower has five lighter purple petals that surround a darker purple pistil.

this flower has several smooth funded petals in bright jewel shades of blue, red, and purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and red with white centers
the petals on this flower are red and purple with no visible stamen.
the flowers are on a pedicel are have many different colors.
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has some purple and some dark red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and purple and folded inwards
a group of purple and dark red flowers with white spots.
this flower has small, soft and very round petals in hues of burgundy and plum.
this flower has very thin green sepals and sparse petals that are smooth and varying shades of red and purple.

the petals of the flower fold around and are light pink in color.
the flower is light pink with petals that are forming a dense layer in the centre and loose layers towards the outer region
this white and peach flower has several concentric layers of petals that lead to a tightly closed center.
this flower has petals that are white and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has light pink petals which spiral around the center and light green sepals.
the flower has delicate off white pedals that create a beautiful rose.
this flower has petals that are white and bunched together
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are thin and closely wrapped around the center.
a very pale peach bud with numerous overlapping rounded petals, a thick, bright green pedicel, and no visible stamen or pistil.

the flower has lots of white stamen and pink petals surround the flower
this flower has petals that are pointed red and white with white anthers.
this flower has creamy pink petals with white stamen and yellow pistil.
these unique flowers are characterized by at least twenty pale purple petals pointing upward which hold numerous pink and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
these flowers have small slender pink petals with yellow hairy stamen in the center of it.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and yellow stamens with white anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
pink flowers with white stamen and big white cluster in the middle.
this flower has white anther filaments and yellow and white stamen, and pointed, triangular shaped red petals.

the flower has many petals and the stamen are very short
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
red and orange pedals white middle green leaves
the flowers has a set of different colored petals from red, orange and yellow in color.
these flowers have petals which have yellow, orange and red on them.
the petals of this flower are orange and gold and the stamen are white.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
the flower has a orange and red petals with round berry around the pollen tube
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are woven into each other.
these flowers have dark purple petals with green sepal and orange anther.
a few flowers with purple petals and orange anther filaments.
the oval shaped green leaves woith rounded purple petals has lagge rounded stamen with smaller pistil
these purple petals are layered in an overlapping, circular manner with yellow stamens.
this flower is deep deep purple colored with a swirl of petals and tiny bright yellow stamen in center.
this flower has think dark purple petals with yellow stigmas.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright purple petals and short orange stamen.

this flower has yellow pistil and yellow colored petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with big stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
the edges on this flower petals have ruffles with a visible filament
the flower shown has light orange petals, and an orange pollen tube.
this flower has ruffled wide, rounded orange petals and a thick stamen.
this flower is muted yellow in color, with a single pistol, and overlapping, rounded petals.
this flower has yellow petals and has a big flowery style
this flower has large orange petals with a wrinkled texture that form a funnel shape along with a prominent pistil.
a large funnel flower with light orange pedals and a long stigma.

the petals on this flower are pink, brown and yellow in color.
a 4 petal, light purple flower with yellow and maroon markings.
this flower is white and yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has several rounded purple petals, the longest of which curls downwards.
this flower has one long purple petal and three shorter purple petals with yellow and black striping; they surround a yellow tipped pistil
this flower has smooth petals that are either solid light pink or striped with dark red and yellow.
this flower has very rounded and smooth purple petals with accents of yellow and dark red.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and purple lines
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
the white petals on this flower have dark purple and yellow markings on them.

a light pink large flower with a star shape in center.
this flower has broad pink petals with vertical striations on each petal.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant pink color, and the stamen is a light pink color as well.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower has a large wheel-like shape white light pink petals that have darker pink ridges.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a pink pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.

the petals of the flowers are yellow in color and have a center that is brown in color.
this flower has a yellow color on petals, as well as dark amber filament and anthers.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower looks like a sunflower with yellow petals and brown in the inside.
this flower has overlapping petals that are orange or yellow, with brown stamen.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright yellow petals with notches in their top edge.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has layers of thick orange petals with rounded edges.
this yellow orange flower has toothed petals and dark red filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers

this flower has large purple petals as its main feature
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has large attached purple petals with white center and green pedicel
pretty lavender petals that look like one petal and forming a star shape of white in the middle.
this plate-shaped flower has purple petals with white edges in the middle.
this flower has purple petals, a white ovule, and light green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
the petals are round and purple and cform a circle with white in the center.
this flower has a funnel-like appearance with a very bright blue petal that has a white ovary.
a flower with long petals that curl outwards and are purple.

many dark red petals closely bundled at the top of a dark green pedicel and sepal.
this is a red flower with pedals that fold over each other and a large green sepal.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
this flower has red pedals that hide the pistil from view.
a red flower with many red peals that surround a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has dark red, paper-like petals and a dark green pedicel.

this pale pink flower has delicate petals and pink stamens with yellow tips.
this flower is light pink in color and has big round overlapping petals and a big bunch of stamen in the center.
the petals of the flower are layered and are pink in color with white filaments and brown anthers.
the flower shown has pink petals with purple anther and pink filament
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and round.
the delicate pink flower lays open on the green leaves.
this flower has light pink petals and a large number of white stamen with yellow anthers.
this small flower has smooth pink overlapping petals with a cluster of stamen with yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma
this flower has orange anther filaments, white stamen and light pink petals, and dark green leather textured leaves.

this flower has green pistil and drooping purple petals as its main features
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with green stamen.
this flower has lavender petals that are pointy, with brown, pointy stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
the flower has a large brown center with long skinny petals that are pink in color.
this flower has a bulbous brown and green center and tapered pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.

this flower has large green-yellow stamens and two types of purple petals.
the flower has medium size petals that are purple and smaller skinny white petals.
light purple and white petals white and dark purple middle petals green and yellow middle dark green leaves
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stringy stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this group of two flowers have pink petals that bend backward exposing large light green stamen in the center.
the flower is so big with petals that are pink and arranged in disc like manner below the disc of stamen
this flower has thick purple petals under a layer of white fringe.
this flower is pink, white, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has grteen stamen

the red petals of this flower leave the yellow anthers fully exposed
the petals on this flower are red surrounding a yellow center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of the flower are red in color and yellow in the center.
the flower petals are red in color with inner part spotted yellow in color
this flower has five bright red petals with a yellow base and a notch on the top edge.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower has rounded and heart-shaped red petals surrounding a yellow center.
these flowers have red petals with yellow stamen in the center and on a green bed of leaves.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.

this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has green colored outer petals with pink colored inner petals
this medium white and pink flower has curved waxy petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has pointy narrow red petals that grow up away from the very large center of white stamen.
this flower has green sepals and pink spiky petals surrounding a large white center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has a wide pink center and spiky upturned pink petals.
this flower has white inner stamens surrounded by pinkish-orange cone snapped pedals.
this pink and white flower has many pointed petals and green sepals.

this flower has petals that are white with purple patches
the flower shown has white and purple petals with white pistil
the petals of the flower are white in color with purple detailing in the center.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the cetner.
the flower has petals that are burgundy and pink centers with white edges.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pruple center
this flower has white petals, a purple ovule and dark green leaves.
this flower has four elongated white petals that are bright magenta closer to the pistil.

this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are green with purple stamen
the petals have withered and the filaments are many in number.
a small pointy flower with hard thick green petals and purple filaments.
this flower has green and brown small pointed edges with a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower is characterized by its bright purple pistil and stamen, as well as its green-brown petals that surround the rest of the flower.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
purple threadlike needle shaped pedals surrounded by pokey shaped sapel.
this flower opens up from a sharp spiky outer to a fringe of lavender.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and bell shaped
this trumpet shaped flower has the red petals with the stamens and stand on reddish sepals
a flower with tubular open petal and cluster of yellow stamen
the flower has a set of 5 petals that are red in color and circular in shape.
red, horn-shaped flowers make a cluster of buds and blooms, with a cluster of yellow stamen barely visible.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
these flowers have five bright, coral petals that form a trumpet-shape surrounding the long, pale stamen.
this plant has numerous trumpet shaped flowers with pink petals and yellow ovaries.

the petals are veiny and purple and cover where the stamen and pistil are.
this flower has wide purple petals which have veins like leaves.
the flower shown has several blue and purple petals that turn upwards.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
the petals on this flower are purple with purple veins.
this flower has a grayish green stem and wide petals with a pointed tip that are bright blue in color.
cupped, indigo petals, droop on slender, dark slightly purple stalks.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower has large, wide purple petals with tissue texture and delicate veins.

five round red petals with a weathered look that are coming out of a light yellow pistil.
the flower has reddish pink petals with a solid red style.
the flower has petals that are red on the outer petals and pink in the center of the petal.
this flower has pink stamen and five rounded pink petals with ruffled edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a star like configuration with pink and white petals.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has wide pink petals whose ruffled edges are fuchsia.
this flower has five pink to red fan shaped petals and a pink pistil.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals are dull green in color and the stamen are many and with l;arge white colored anthers
this pink and yellow flower has distinctive dark red spots emanating from the stamen and the pistil.
the flower has petals that are white with pink edges and white filaments.
the flower petals is pink with yellow round balls
this flower has a green ovary, yellow stamen, and multicolored pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has large, wide pink petals with thin yellow stamen.
the pistil is of bilateral symmetry the petals are pink and spotted, there are few white stamen around the stigma.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the petals on this flower are peach fading to yellow.
this pale yellow flower has several layers of short petals with slightly tapered tips.
this flower has petals that overlap and can be either peach or yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
double layered multi petaled, pink, and yellow, flower.
this flower has a mound of peach-colored petals which are tapered and have yellow accents.
this flower has pale yellow petals that engulf the pistil in the center, the pedicel look withered and brown.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower can be made up of multiple rows of orangish yellow petals or yellow petals that wrap tighter closer to the pistil.

the flower has alternating needle shaped petals tha are maroon in color with some yellow petakls
this yellow flower is spiked with some petals spiked outwards.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are small.
the flower has petals that are stacked and burgundy with yellow tips.
the petals on this flower are yellow and very enclosed.
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has red and yellow petals that are crumpled at the ends
this flower has small yellow petals layered on a brown pedicel.
this flower has red, yellow and white petals, a brown stem and bright green leaves.
the sepal are yellow and surrounded by maroon colored, small oval petals.

the flower has white petals and has yellow stamen on it.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
a flower with white broad whtie petals and central cluster of yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the white petals in an oval format flower contains many yellow stamens with large anther and green-ish filaments
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
a flower with six white petals that surround a bunch of yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has purple petals and several yellow anthers.
this purple flower has toothed petals and a bunch of yellow stamens.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and purple
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center and yellow stamen
a light purple flower with a dark purple center and yellow center.
this flower has a yellow-orange anther and filaments, magenta colored ovule and purple petals.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen surrounded by petals in gradating shades of pink.

the flower is white with fused petal that is soft, smooth, thin and has stamens sticking out from the centre
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has large white petals and a lot of white stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has white triangular petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals of bright white with a yellow center and light yellow stamen.
this white flower has petals that look attached to each other and yellow stamen
a circular shaped flower with white petals with about six stamen in the center of a yellow colored circle.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that has small veins.
the pedicel is green in color,the sepals are green and the flower is white in color
the flower has large white petals with a light green pistil.
this flower has large white petals and two visible white anthers
a flower with whitish yellow petals and white anther filaments.
the flower has petals that are white and green with wavy edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has soft and ruffle-edged white petals with pale green veins.
this white flower has pedals that are connected and come to a point.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have pinks striped.
there are three blossoms from a single pedicel each with six pedals which are white to red, the stamen are long and curve upward at the ends.
this flower has wide pointed white petals with vertical purple stripes.
the petals of this star-shaped flower are white with red veins, arranged around white stamen.
this flower has a simple row of white petals with purple lines and having the stamens at the middle
this flower has petals that are pink white and has pink lines
this flower has distinctively long pink and white striped petals, and a long white stamen.
flowers with white petals and red lines in the petals and the pedicel are green
a flower with long and narrow petal with a point.
this flower has a thick, straight green stem with blossoms consisting of white petals that have many red stripes.

the flower are pink in color with folded petals that are needle like
this pale purple flower has a sparse array of 6 petals that are ruffled at the outer edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are skinny and wavy.
the flower shown has a purple and white petal with a green pedicel
these interesting pink flowers have long curved petals and stamen.
six thin pink petals are equally spaced around a cluster of long pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has a very long green pedicel and thin and long pink petals.
these flowers have thin soft pink petals with curled edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

the pedals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has long pink petals and no visible outer stamen on it
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
a flower with pink petals and no visible pistils shown.
this flower has petals which are very smooth and pink with think green pedicel
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the pink flower has a green pedicel and an ovule that has hints of green and yellow.
this is a pink flower with petals that curve upward.

this flower has pale pink petals and a prominent yellow pistel.
this flower has large white petals and a large yellow stigma in it
this flower has five pale pink petals and a yellow style with a circular cluster of yellow stamens near the top.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow stigma
a dull pink star shaped flower with a long yellow stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow stigma
this flower has very light orange petal with the anthem sticking out in all directions.
this flower has a tall orange pistil and light orange petals.

the flower has gray color petals that are thin, and the lengthy stamen are forming a disc on top of the petals around pistil
long blue trough petals with a psychedelic base of blue and purple bands form a plaza for a central statue of white pistils and long green stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny and wavy.
the petals of the flower on the outer layer are light purple in color.
this flower has a protruding stamen and pollen tube and several layers of distinctly-shaped light purple petals.
this purple and laveneder flower has stringy leaves and pistil is shaped like bug antlers.
this flower has rounded pale purple petals and a frizzy fringe of purple.
this flower has large lavender petals topped with needle shaped petals that are lavender purple and white.
a dull gray pinwheel shaped flower with large colored stigma.
this flower is in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has purple petals which form cylinders in rows on the flower.
the petals on this flower are purple and bell shaped
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
white purple bell shaped pedals light green hands long light green leaves
the flower is composed of several berries that grow up a green stalk.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
these flowers are ball shaped and in a cone shaped grouping and are a lavender in color.
this flower has tiny bell-shaped purple blooms with ruffled white mouths.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together
this particular flower has petals that are purple and shaped like bells

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a group of flowers that have colors varying from red, to pink, to white.
this flower has a white and red petals and a green stigma in the middle
the flower shown has both white and red petals prominent
a flower with many pointed pink, white, and red petals with a green center.
this flower is white, pink, and red in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and white and has green stamen
this flower has a large number of pink, red, and white variegated petals of varying sizes with pointed ends.
this flower has thick veined leaves in shades of red and pale green.
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are different shades of red.

this flower has a large white petal and a lot of yellow stamen in the center
an ivory colored teacup shaped row of petals circle the pistil and stamen of this flower.
the flower has a set of white colored petals with its stamen in yellow color.
the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow anther and filament
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
a group of large white flowers with a long yellow stigma.
soft yellow petals form a cup around the yellow stamen.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and wide, very smooth white petals.
the cream colored petals are turned upward to form a bowl shape around bright gold colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointy and skinny.
this is a flower with orange and purple petals and no visible pistils shown.
this flower has bright yellow petals with very sharp tips which point directly upwards.
sepla is dark green in color,petals are orange in color and othersa re purple inc olor
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
the spiky petals are orange and purple and the spiky sepals are green.
this flower has white receptacles with tall, spiky orange petals rising out of them.
this flower has spiky petals of orange and a purplish blue with spiky foliage.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has orange and purple petals as well as a green stamen.

the petals on this flower are white on the fringe and yellow inside.
the leaves of the flower are yellow and white in color with green leaves.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a yellow and white flower with a pinwheel shaped surrounding a dark orange stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges.
these flowers have a yellow white coloration to them and have no clear stamen visible.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
the egg shaped yellow and white petals of this flower are its main feature.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the beautiful white flower is yellowish towards the center with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner spirally overlapping with other petals

this flower has four petals that are orange in the center and fade out to a golden color on the edges.
pale yellow petals that become almost orange in the center with a matching orange spiky stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this orange and yellow flower that is shaped like a four leaf clover is very beautiful and pretty.
the flower has bright yellow colored set of petals with its inner part colored orange.
this yellow flower has 4 rounded petals that are yellow on the outside and orange in the center, with long orange stamen and a brown pstil.
this flower has very large yellow petals and the stigma and style seem to be very small and darker yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has stringy stamen
this bright yellow flower has four large petals that are lighter yellow on the edges and darker in the middle.
this flower has a cross formation of brightly colored petals that are orange at the base and yellow at the edges.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and very tiny
this is a flower with many small white and red petals.
the petals of this flower are red and white with a long stigma
the flower shown has small white petals with purple pistil
this flower has pink flowing petals and very long lighter stamen.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with vertically layered petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
a flower with short and wide petals that are light purple.
this flower has white petals as well as a purple stamen.

a flower with thin white petals and central cluster of yellow stamen
the petals are pure white and narrow, and the stigma and stamen are bright yellow.
the petals on this flower are white and thin and the middle is yellow
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this beautiful white flower has serrated petals and bright yellow attractive center part of androecium and gynoecium
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are round on the edge.
these flowers contain straight white petals centered around a fuzzy yellow center.
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color dark yellow.

this purple flower has five petals shaped similar to a star and has a small white x shaped stamen in the middle.
this flower has large light purple petals with deep purple veins, and coming out of the ovule are tiny white petals.
the petals on this flower are purple with dark purple veins.
the flower has petals that are star shaped and lavender with a white stigma.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are blue and has dark lines
the pointed purple petals of this flower have distinct dark purple veins, and the stigma is pale and very prominent.
this flower has large purple petals with darker purple veins and a white stigma.
this flower has purple petals with pointed ends that resemble a star shape and surround a single stamen with a white antenna.
this flower has a star shape of pale indigo petals with delicate veins.

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are light pink and has red on the inner corners
this is a pink flower with a red center and white anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with pink edges
thus flower has petals of bright red and pink with serrated edges.
the flower has four pink petals that get almost white around the edges.
this flower has deep pink stamen with light pink anthers, and the petals are deep pink at the base, fading into a light pink near the edge.
this flower has red and white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has toothed petals spread almost flat with pale pink on the outside and red in the center.
this flower has disk-shaped blossoms with lots of light and dark pink petals.

this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
this flower has blue petals with green filament and anther.
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has large green pistil surrounded by layers of blue petals with gossamer structure and tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and blue, with purple stamen.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
the filament of the stamen is green with white anther and pointy blue leaves surrounding it.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower has white stamen surrounding wavy green pistils, all set on top of layers of blue petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this is a flower with dark stamen that has large light pink petals that have a hint of yellow in the center.
this flower has a single layer of pink rounded large petals with a center area of yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower has thin and soft pink petals which are wide and rounded.
this flower has light pink petals and long, bright yellow stamen.
with large yellow anthers atop black stamen stalks, this powder-pink flower has generic, rounded petals sitting atop green leaves with toothed edges.
this flower is large and has pink pedals with green leaves.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has pointed green sepals surrounding several layers of orange and yellow petals with rounded edges.
the flower has petals that are yellow and dark pink with green pedicel.
the flower has red and orange petals with a purple pedicel
this flower has yellow petals with orange streaks on it, and no visible stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has layers of orange petals with curling yellow edges.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has yellow and peach petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has pointed green sepals and multicolored petals in varying shades of orange and yellow.

this flower had a thick, dark green, and long pedicel which leads up to multi-layered yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled up.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this is a small flower with connected, yellow petals and a black stem.
this flower has green sepals and several over lapin yellow petals
a flower with many overlapping yellow petals that form a dome over it's stamen.
this flower has large wide yellow petals with rounded edges.
the long stem holds a beautiful bright yellow flower with overlapping curved petals.
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a black pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers

the flower shown has purple petals which are its main feature
this flower has pink petals with vertical stripes of a paler pink and pale pink pistil.
the flower has a large bloom that is pink in color and the anthers are pink in the center.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged around the pistil forming a disc like shape
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has broad pink and white petals encircling a light pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has wide, pink petals with light pink stripes and a light pink stamen.
this flower has pink petals with a pink stamen in the center of it.
this flower has light pink petals that have dark pink stripes on them

the petalsare larger in size and are light purple in color,the stamens are many
this flower has petals which are purple and white in color
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the pedals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and green with purple dots
this flower has small pink and white petals with small white stamens.
this flower is green, pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and oddly shaped.
the flower has purple colored petals which vary in brightness, all of which surround a yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wavy petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red dots

this flower has petals that are purple with a white stigma
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted in the center.
a flower withi singular conical open blue petal and white stigma
the petals are dark purple and light purple with white stamen.
this flower has five bluish purplish petals with a white stigma and purple stamen.
the petals of the flower are dark purple in color with a fluted shape.
the vibrate purple flower has black lines coming to a square shape near the end of each petal.
a purple cup like flower with dark purple stripes towards the center and a white stigma in the center.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green shading

the petals of the flower are pink in color and layered in design.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are upright pink and white.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
a smaller flower with white petals at the base and gradually pinker petals towards the top.
this flower has pink layered petals spread out over a layer of white petals.
the petals towards the bottom of this flower are white with the higher petals being a bright pink color.
this flower has upturned layers of pink petals with tapered tips.
this flower has multiple rows of elongated petals that are pinkish at the bottom transitioning to bright pink closer to the pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has many layers

this flower has petals that are red with short stamen
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this small flower has rounded petals in shades of red which slightly overlap.
a cluster of red flowers with no visible pistils or anther filaments.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and is bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.
this flower has pastel orange colored petals that are small in size and bunch around each other.
this flower has small red petals and long red stamens.
this flower has small petals that are smooth, rounded, and bright pink.

the petals are orange fading to yellow, arranged symmetrically around the small pistil and stamen.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are slight ruffled.
this vibrant flower has evenly-shaped petals of bright orange, and the stamen are green and red in color.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
a flower with orange petals and a bright red stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that have little veins.
this flower has small heart-shaped petals which are orange with pale red veins.
this flower has four small orange petals that are rounded in shape with smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading

this flower has five wide pink petals with reddish stripes and a tiny core of pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the petals on this flower are purple with pink stamen.
this flower has five purple petals and a bunch of florets and stamens in the middle of it.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
the petals are large and rounded and delicate with a purple color throughout while the stamen is also purple but the stigma is nearly black.
this flower has a slightly overlapping wheel-like configuration of light purple petals that are wrinkled in texture.
the petals are light pink with dark pink stripes and the anther is light pink.

this flower is red in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has pink circular shaped petals that appear to be more of an orange color as it is deeper in the flower.
the flower has petals that are puffy and reddish pink.
this flower has five partially conjoined red petals with rounded edges which curve slightly outwards.
the leaves of the flower are pink and puffy, arranged symmetrically to each other.
this flower has wide and rounded petals in a dark red hue.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
a flower with long and tube shaped petals that are red.
this flower has red petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and is a bell shaped

this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
these spoon-shaped flowers have mostly white color accompanied by yellow color towards the middle.
this flower has thick white petals with yellow centers that grow in an overlapping pattern.
this flower is whit and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five rounded and very smooth white petals whose color gradates to a vivid yellow at the flower 's center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has five white petals with yellow hightlights that come together in a star shape.
these flowers have soft white and yellow petals with smooth round edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower has petals that are white with black lines
the star shaped flower has petals that are fused near sepal and gradually separated towards their tip
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower's white petals are arranged in a star formation, with bright white stamen in the center.
a white star shaped flower with white stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has five petals that are sharply pointed and are white with veins of purple.
this flower has five white triangular petals with purple veins.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple lines

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the flowers has several white petals that turn pink towards the center.
the flower has petals that are white with pink stamen and pistil.
this flower has delicate petals which are a pale pink color and have round edges.
this flower has multiple blossoms on a thin stem with dark pink sepals and small white petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this long and narrow flower has a tan colored stem with pink and red leaves, white petals and a pink ovule.

this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and large.
paper white flowers on mauve-colored stems with the ovary, stamen, and style opening on the bottom.
this flower has a white petal and a brown pedicel
a flower with white petals and no visible stamen in sight.
the petals on this flower are white and squarish in shape.
the flower has opal white petals with a thick tannish brown pedical
this flower has petals that are white and is folded upwards
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pedicel.
a flower with a long pedicel and large white petals
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.

very broad meaty pedals in dark pink-red with small white spots form a firm foundation for a small cluster of yellow stamen around no discernible pistils.
the petals of the flower are hot pink and have an orange center.
a deep purple flower that is large, with a lot of petals.
the flower has petals of a pinkish hue with yellow stamen.
this flower has velvety magenta petals and yellow orange stamens
this flower has overlapping layers of heart-shaped dark purple petals.
this flower has bright pink sparkling petals which are curved backwards towards the stem.
the flower has large flat pink petals with a small circle in the middle of yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has droopy narrow pink petals and many short red stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this pink flower has many spear shaped pedal that are pink with a bright orange center.
there are many long and narrow floppy pink petals surrounding many red stamen and a green stigma on this flower.
this flower is pink in color, with oval shaped petals that are drooping.
this flower has pale pink petals that bend down away from the bright red stamen.
this flower has pink petals and has red and green stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
a flower with long skinny pink petals.

the flower has petals that are drooping, with burgundy and white spots.
the petals of the flower are white and maroon speckled and are pointed at the bottom.
the flower has a strange looking set of petals that's filled with pink colored dots and the rest of the petals in violet.
this drooping flower has several large, slightly tapered petals in shades of mottled purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple petals with pointed tips and white markings.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
the flower has a purple petal with white dots on it in the shape of a bell drooping over.
the petals are dark maroon with light red spots and they form a bowl shape.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are leaf like in appearance.
this flower has large crimson bracts and a green cuplike flower at the center.
the flower has bright red petals with a green pollen tube
this red flower has ridged petals and bright green stamen.
this flower has several pointed red petals with leaf like veins.
this flower has long pointed red petals with green pointed leaves underneath the red ones.
this red flower has pointed petals and bright green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has long, pointed petals that are bright red in color with green stamen.
this flower has long, red petals with black veins and bright green stamen.

petals are light purple in color with longer stamens and a prominent green pistil
this blue and purple flower has layered pointed petals and a dark green stigma.
this flower is green and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue with purple stamen
this flower has long and pointy whit petals and a large green stigma in the middle of it
a light blue flower with light blue leaf like petals surrounding long green stamen.
this blue flower has many densely layered pointed petals and a green stamen.
the flower has extremely narrow, fringy and pointy leaves and consists of two layers of lavender purple petals that darken to a deep purple at the center of the bloom where there are green stamens and pistil.
this flower has a few layers of flat blue petals and tall green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen

the flower has petals that looks like sepals and also it has stamen that are thin, pointy and lengthy tubes
this flower has a lot of purple colored stamen with white tips
the flower has any petals that are thin and purple.
green clumpy receptacles with purple petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curved upward.
this flower has hundreds of white and purple stamen and light green sepals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower has green petals that have purple and stringy stamen
this flower has a hair-like fringe of very thin purple petals.

the petals of the flower are pink with yellow anthers in the center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are white around the edges.
the purple flower has five petals, a prominent yellow stamen, and a pale yellow stigma.
these small purple flowers have bright yellow centers.
this flower has pink oval petals and many yellow anthers.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and yellow
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a purple and white flower with golden and green center.
this flower is characterized by its purple petals, as well as its yellow stamen, and pale yellow pistil.
this flower has small round smooth purple petals and yellow stamen.

the flower has petals that are orange and red with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
a flower with individually attached broad red petals and central yellow stamen cluster
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wilted.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
bright orange petals along with yellow anther are this flowers main features.
the flower has orange and yellow stamen and round orange petals.
this flower has short orange filaments and large rounded orange petals with a wrinkled texture.

the flower has yellow petals overlapping each other and are yellow in color.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has a brown center surrounded by layers of long thin yellow petals with rounded tips.
a sun appearance large yellow flower with a brown center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has a tightly organized ring of thin yellow oblong petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a brown center and layers of thin, rounded yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
the bright yellow petals of this flowers are rounded and ridged, creating a thick row around yellow and brown pistol of dense stamen.

this flower has a tiny white blossom in it's center surrounded by pointed pink petals with leaflike veins.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a small white flower in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with slowery stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has purple pistil and bright purple petals as its main features
this flower has thick purple petals with a prominent white stigma.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
this flower has purple petals and purple stamen with tiny petals at the top where the filament is.
this flower has very large bright pink sepals and tiny white petals.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have tiny yellow flowers in the center.
the flower shown has peach colored petals with green and yellow pistil
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has triangular pink petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
a light pink three leaf flower with a tall neon green stigma.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has pale pink leaves with pointed tips surrounding tiny white blooms.
peach colored flower with the petals shaped like a triangle has little green stigma flowers growing in the middle.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this is a flower with five ruffled yellow feathers and a long pistil.
the petals of this flower are yellow with orange tip stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has smooth round yellow petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has five wide and rounded yellow petals with a thick yellow stamen.
the yellow flower petals flourishes the dark pollen tube and stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has 5 large, round yellow leaves with a long yellow pistil.

a flower that has feint pink colored petals with red stamen
this flower has large pale pink petals with thin pink pollen tubes sticking out of the style.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has a pink petal and a dark pink anther filament
the flowers has pink petals with some of it dotted in a darker shade of pink.
this flowers has long pinkish purple pedals with a darker pink stamen and stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this flower has soft, ruffled petals in shades of pale pink, with thin stamen.
this flower has many pink stamen coming out of pale pink petals.
this flower has light pink petals and long pink stamens.

this flower has white colored petals and no visible stigma
the petals of this flower are white and pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are off white in a pinwheel shape
this flower has spiraling layers of rounded white petals with slight pink tipped accents.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are white with a dot of pink.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has large white petals with a smooth texture and irregular pink spots and they wrap around each other.
this flower has ecru colored petals arranged in a spiral around its pistil.
this flower has curled white petals with pink spots the fold inwards around the ovule.
white petals with hints of dark pink wrap around each other in a circular pattern.

a peach colored flower with lots of petal and yellow highlights
the flower is made of layers of light coral colored petals with the center being yellow in color.
this pale peach flower has multiple petals and fade out to a deep yellow center.
the petals are a pinkish hue with small amounts of yellow as well.
this flower has a lot of peach flower petals with bright yellow stamen inside of them.
this flower has layers of peach-colored petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
a ball of layered pink oval shaped pedals yellow in the center surrounds a cluster of many golden stamens.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this orange and yellow flowers has a lot of petals with deep yellow stamen

this is a flower with pink pointed petals and a green stigma.
this flower is pin and yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has bright pink petals with a yellow filament and anther with green leafs surrounding.
this flower has pink petals with yellow pistil as its main features
the green stamen is clustered in the center of the oblong, pink petals.
this flower has pink petals that have yellow and small stamen
this flower has large red petals that get smaller closer to the pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has bright pink petals with pointed tips and a cluster of short yellow stamens.

this trumpet shaped yellow flower with ruffled opening is surrounded by pointed white petals.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
the petals on this flower are white with yellow as well.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has a horn shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
this flower has an outer row of light yellow pedals and an inner row of bright yellow longer pedals.
this flower has large white and yellow petals with a bright green pedicel.

flower has larger anthers that are green in color with purple petals
this flower has long purple petals and long white stamen in the center
the sepal on this flower is purple with white stamen
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light purple oblong petals with long white filaments that lay flat over the petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
the flower has a purple petals with many white stamens around the light green pollen tube
this flower has purple petals with many white stamen in the middle, the stigma seems to be split into three and is also white.
this flower has a row pf purple petals under a row of long white needle shaped petals.

this orange flower has outward pointed petals and an invisible pistil.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has five large red petals which are wide with rounded edges.
this flower has orange petals and pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with long steman
yellow pistil are surrounded b y rounded orange and yellow petals on this flower.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and rounded.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has bright yellow and orange petals with a yellow pistil.
this flower has a yellow ovary surrounded by bright orange petals that have rounded edges and a crinkled texture.

the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches and ruffled together
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flower shown has white and yellow petals as its dominant feature
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this is a yellow flower that has outside petals that are a lighter shade of yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and white and bunched together
this flower has white petals on the outer layers and yellow petals on the inner layers.
this flower has dense petals that look white towards the outside, and a deeper yellow towards the center.
the petals of the flower are a light yellow in the center, and begin to get lighter toward the outside of the flower, to a point that the petals on the outside are almost white in color.

the flower shown has papery yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has thick pink stamen surrounded by pointed yellow petals with a leaflike, veined appearance.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with long stigma
this flower has yellow petals as well as a pink pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
this flower has three large yellow petals with three prominent pink pistils.
this flower has leaf shaped yellow petals surrounding the reddish stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are leaf like.

this flower has a long white petal with no visible stigma
this flower has petals that are white and bell shaped
the flower has a purple petal in a tubular shape with green pedicel
this is a trumpet shaped flower with white petals with a green spiky sepal.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the light purple petals form a narrow tube shape leading to the pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has light purple petals, green sepals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and form a bell shape
flute shaped pastel purple petals with a deep center with rough leaves and pedicle.

this flower has star shaped pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has multiple layers of bright pink petals that are green at their tips.
this flower is a group of lavender petals with green tips stacked atop each other on a deep green stem.
this flower is pink and tan in color, with petals that are tan on the tips.
this flower has purple petals which overlap in layers and have green tips.
this pink flower has many layered petals with green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow tips
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has vertical pink petals which are thick with tapered tips.
a large pedaled pink flower with green tips and green stem.

this flower has small red petals and a couple of white anthers
this flower has red-orange round petals in a sparse circle around small white stamens.
these four-lobed flowers are a bright, orange-red color, with white stamens and pedicels.
this small flower has four rounded red petals with orange edges.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has short white stamen surrounded by four smooth rounded orange petals.
the small orange pedals are 4 in number making up the flower with a long throat and pinwheel effect.
the rounded, red-orange petals surround a small cluster of white stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded.

the petals on this flower are red with purple stamen.
the bowl shaped orange flower has petals that are soft,smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
this flower has petals that are red with black stamen
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are wavy in appearance.
an orange flower with circular layered petals and blue anther.
this flower has layers of wide and very rounded red petals with smooth edges.
this flower has bright red petals, black spots on the inside and deep blue and black stamen.
these flowers have wide flat red petals with dark blue stigma.
this flower is red and purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen

this flower has petals that are orange with orange stigma.
this flower has large purple petals and small red anthers in the middle
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have red veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red lines
this flower has a large red pistil surrounded by overlapping, upturned orange petals with red veins.
this flower has gold and brown petals with fuzzy brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this is an orange and yellow flower with bell-shaped petals and a red pistil.
this flower has a loose cup-like arrangement of yellow petals with pink veins and prominent pistil.
this flower has thick yellow leaves with purple lines through them and a purple pistil.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are striped pink down the center.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
this flower has white and purple petals and purple pistil as its main features
the pink flower has petals that are soft,smooth and arranged in disc like manner below stamens
white pedals with purple ribbon stripes surrounding a purple and white spikey center.
a large flower with long pedals with white and velvet coloration and a large stigma.
this flower has a group of thin stamen at the center of a wheel-configuration of white petals with a center pink stripe.
the petals are white with pink stripes and form a flat disk shape around tiny green stamen with maroon anther.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are striped pink down the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines

this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow with big stigma
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a center composed of yellow anthers with green leaves.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are orange with orange stamen.
a large orange flower with it's reproductive organs isolated in the middle of the petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and have veins.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and orange
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a yellow style
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange stamen.

the petals on this flower are purple, white, yellow and brown.
this flower has a row of blue and yellow petals with the stamens at the middle
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has a few light yellow lower petals with stripes near the center and purple upper petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and yellow with black lines
this flower had yellow and purple leaves with black stamen in the center.
a flower with different color and the leaves are green, the anther are black
this yellow and purple flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is white, purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines

the petals are bright red while the stamen is yellow and green, and the sepal is dark green.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the petals are very large, red, and look like big leaves.
the petals of this flower are large and red and the sepals are a dark evergreen color.
the flower has large smooth red petals with pointed ends and round yellow stigma in the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a flower with large leaf like red petals that circle a center of green stamen with yellow anther filament.
this flower has very big red petals with pointed tips and yellow stamens.

the center of the flower is prickly and is green in color with leaves that are spiky.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower is very strange looking , it has light blue petals with cones on the top
this flower has a large pistol that looks like a cactus and many long and thin spiky white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower has light purple, feathery petals and cone-shaped stamen.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green style
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.
the feather-like petals are light purple and the stamen is green and thickly clustered.

this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
this flower has a large flat white petal as its main feature
this flower has petals that are overlapping and white, with white stigma.
this flower has a single large petal that is completely white.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected to each other.
this flower has broad white polygonal petals and a small white pistil.
this flower has white petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are green near the center.
a flower with white petals and white stamen.
the flower has large white petals with points on the end and white stamen.

sepals are gren in colo,petals are light pink in color
the flowers have long thick pedicles that are green, and pink petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower has purple petals, green sepals, and reddish orange stamen that provide a sphere around the ovule.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and green and dark red
this flower has round brown centers surrounded by long thin petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

this flower has large wide yellow petals with ruffled edges and a smattering of bright orange accents.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange dots
the petals on this flower are yellow with orange dots.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
the petals of this flower are yellow and have dark orange dots on them
the flower has wavy soft yellow petals with orange dots.
flower with white petals and orange spots on a thick green stem.

this flower has protuberant green stamen with large anthers surrounded by a circular purple fringe and a bottom layer of wide tapered purple petals.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower shown has violet colored petals which are its dominant feature
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
the flower has long thin oval petals that are purple.
this flower has pink petals that droop with many pink stamen that stick out.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are small star shaped.
the large purple cluster is made up of a whole series of small five petal purple flowers that are grouped tightly together.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
there is a cluster of small, purple flowers forming a round ball. the petals are curved on the ends and spiked in the middle.
this flower has small and thin purple petals that form a ball
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has dozens of small purple petals with white stamen.
this flower has a green pedicel with very thin purple petals.
a flower long and narrow petals that are pointed.

a bright and dark orange blotched petals growing off the stalks
this flower has a large orange petal with no stigma in sight
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the large petals are yellow with red and orange at the center.
this flower has several large, wide, rounded petals which are orange colored with yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower has many orange and yellow petals that surround the stamen and pistil.
this flower has large petals with a wrinkled texture that are bright yellow and orange.
this flower has wide orange petals with mottled yellow edges.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

the yellow flower that has petals that are soft, thin and closed at the centre and surrounded by other layers of petals forming bowl shape
the stamen and pistils are not seen in the flower.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
i would have to say its rich canary color of the petals.
this flower has bright yellow smooth rounded petals wrapped together in a ball arrangement.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled around the ovary.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is folded together
this flower has layers of wide, rounded petals which are bright yellow.

this flower has large white petals and green center with green filaments.
the anthers are larger and white in color with green and whhit oetals
this flower has a large white petal with a green stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are connected together.
this star-shaped flower has white with streaks of yellow peddles.
this flower has a large funnel shaped petal that is white with yellow veins.
this trumpet shaped flower has white petals and white stamens.
this flower has five conjoined white petals which are softly ruffled.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines

this flower has vibrant yellow petals in two layers, one that grows up and away from the yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has a yellow ruffled round tube surrounded by pointed yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and pointed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
these flowers have small yellow pointed petals in the shape of stars attached to brown pedicels.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
flower, with green pedicel, a first layer of six yellow petals radiating outward from the center and a yellow tube-like petal strucutre that flares at the end, inside the tube-like structure, short pitel at center.
this flower has a large trumpet shaped center petal surrounded by a bright yellow star-like configuration of petals.

this flower has layered red petals with dark yellow stamen.
a flower with red petals and cluster of bright orange stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow lines
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this red flower has rounded petals, bright yellow stamen and a purple pedicel.
this flower has large red petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has several rows of red petals surrounding yellow anther filaments and stamen, and brown narrow pedical.
this flower has petals that open out in a flat circle and are bright red with yellow stamen.

this unique flower has a strange set of pistil and stamen with white-pink petals.
this flower pale purple and has lost of petals around a green center.
the stamen of this purple flower appear to be a purple color as well.
this flower has green anther and filaments surmounting a cluster of fine purple petals and larger leaf shaped mauve petals.
the flower features light purple petals and dark, vibrant purple stamen surrounding many green style.
this flower has pale purple petals with many purple stamen and green stigma in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
this flower has a layer of flat oblong white petals underneath a separate layer of flat blue filaments with upright stamen and pistils.
this flower has wide purple and green petals surrounding thick green stamen and a purple fringe.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.

this flower has petals that are pink with orange shading
this flower has numerous tightly curled petals that are mostly pink, but tinged with a bit of a coral color, the sepals are deep green.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the flower has pinkish orange, overlapping petals and no visible pistil.
this flower has pink petals and no visible stigma on it
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has layers of large orange petals with pink blush colored tips.
this flower is pink ad orange in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has layers of pink and orange petals that are smooth and wrapped tightly around each other.

the flower has large red petals that are oval shaped and long.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the flower shown has bright red petals with green pistil as well
flower has petals that are large and red with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower has petals that are long and pointed, bright red surrounding stamen of cream and green.
this flower has leafy bright red petals and a small interior of yellow and green.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are red.
this flower has layers of pointed red petals with tiny green stamen.

this flower has petals that are dark pink with a light green center.
this flower has several protruding stamen and four wide, rounded pink petals.
this small veiny piny flower has a curvy stamen and white tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
you can see the complete pistil on this bright pink flower.
this flower has four petals that are pink with a bright yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has arrow shaped green leaves and the flower has four wide petals and a pollen tube from center with many stigma.
this pink flower has rounded and veined petals and bright pink and white stamen.
this flower has four petals that are rounded with prominent veins and they are pink.

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are smooth and orange with green stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has petals that are dark orange with yellow filaments and orange anthers.
this flower has large orange petals and a green stigma in the center of it
red flower with rounded shaped petals with dewy green leaves.
this flower has large orange petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow center
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has wide and very rounded red petals with slightly ruffled edges.

this red flower has overlapping petals and a few yellow stamens.
a fluffy pedaled red flower with a yellow stigma intertwined around some purple pedals.
petals are ounded in shape,they are red incolor
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink with small yellow stamen
the neon pink flower with many petals has a center row of yellow stamen and very dark green leaves.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with layered and bunched petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this pink flower has several rows of petals and prominent yellow stamens.

the rounded baby blue petals surround the bright yellow pollen
this flower has a large blue petal with a yellow colored stamen
this pretty flower has large blue petals with a green center.
the flower has broad green colored leaves with large blue colored petals with an inner whit part with white stigma
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are thin and lighter near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white center
this flower has five blue petals, which are white near the yellow pistil.
the pale blue petals form a circle around the light yellow stamen.
this flower has a funnel-like appearance with a smooth texture and light blue coloring.

this flower has several large wide white petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen'
the petals on this flower are white with a red center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded and large.
this white flower has many petals fanning out and resemble a elephant head with soft pink parts int he center.
this flower has smooth white sepals with an oblong shape underneath a set of white petals that are fan-shaped.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and very thin.
this flower has two large unique, butterfly shaped white petals, that stick out on either side of a complicated center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading

this flower has petals that are purple and stringy stamen
this flower has purple petals with white pistil having white stamen and purple strands above the petals.
this flower has purple petals and long purple stamen with white stigma in the middle
the flower is big dark pink petals that looks like sepals arranged in a disc like manner that has a disc of stamen that are curly towards their tip
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and pointed with a light yellow center
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has rounded purple leaves and a layer of frizzy hair like purple fringe.
this flower has white stamen and pistils, purple petals, and purple filaments.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

peals are oval in shpe,they are yellow and red in color
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around the bunch of stamen
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the center.
this flower has long yellow petals with pink marks on them and brown stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored and pink near the center.
this flower has many small petals that are pink at the bottom and yellow on the top, it has a large yellow pistil with black anther.
the style is rounded and the largest flower has stamen that are dark red in color, while the petals are pink closest to the stamen and yellow furthest from the center.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.

the simple flower has large, white, pointed petals and and off white pistil.
this flower has six pure white petals and six white stamens
this small white flower has tear shaped petals.
this flower has white star shaped petals and a white pistil.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a bright green center.
the petals on this flower are mostly white, and brown yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower has large white petals with long white stamens.
this white and green flower has white stamen and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has a green center
this flower has a pale green center and wide but tapered white petals.

the flower shown has several yellow petals, and a yellow center.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by a hairlike fringe of very thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
a yellow flower with many thing flower petals surrounding a yellow stamen.
this little flower has small yellow petals surround yellow anther in the middle.
the long skinny finger like pedtals are a soft yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

this flower has many light pink and yellow petals which form layers.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with touches of yellow
the petals of the flower are pink and yellow in color and have leaves that are green in color.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens in many different layers
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has peach and yellow oblong petals in layers.
this flower has orange and yellow petals with multiple layers to it.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has layers of peach colored tapered petals with yellow undertones.

the flower has long thin petals that are yellow and a brown stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the petals of this flower are yellow with many black stamen
the petals of the flower are bright yellow and pointed while the stamen is dark brown.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval and skinny.
this flower has a round brown center and long, yellow petals.
this flower ha many bright yellow long oval petals surrounding a black center.
this flower has many yellow petals as well as black stamen.
thin leafy yellow petals with a large brown circular center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a stamen.

the petals are white and contain purple streaks emanating from the center.
this flower has petals that are white with purple lines
the petals are pure white with tinted purple lines leading towards the middle.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are striped blue.
the flower has petals that are white with blue streaks and white stamen.
this flower has a white trumpet shape with a purple star accent pattern.
this flower has a funnel shape petal that is white with blue markings.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stripes
this white and blue flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel and sepals.
the petals are white with dark purple stripes and form a vase shape and the stamens are pure white.

light pink petals with dark pink spots white and yellow middle green leaves
this flower has petals that are pink with red patch
the petals on this flower are white with pink dots.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
these light pink flowers have 5 petals, the upper of which has dark pink spots that lead down to long stamen protruding from the center, which have white filaments and dusty-yellow anthers.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that have spots near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple patches
these flowers are small with several petals of light and dark pinkish color.
this flower has wide and rounded-tip white petals with pale pink accents.
this flower has five petals arranged like a star and they're light pink in color with darker pink spots on them.

this flower has light pink petals with a yellow anther filament in the center.
this flower has petals that are light pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has numerous yellow stamen surrounded by large, rounded pink petals.
this is a purple petaled flower, very pretty with an orange-yellow stamen and a green pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple with white hues.
this flower has puffy pink petals around a greenish pistil with several yellow stigma.
the flower has green pistil and yellow and white stamen with purple petals.
a flower with light pink petals that surround a light green ovule and many orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the flower has a long thick pollen tube that is yellow and white.
this flower has thick red glossy petals around a long droopy white pistil.
the petals of this flower are red with a yellow pistil.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
a flower with a singular waxy red petal and large yellow and white stigma
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this flower is red in color, and has a single large petal.
these flowers have red petals with yellow stamens in the center surround by green leaves.
a single bright red petal has indents and curves back toward the pedicel while the pistil is long, yellow and prominent.
the single petal is heart shaped and bright red, and the pistil is pale yellow.

an orange flower with long, skinny petals and a large yellow center.
this flower as many layers of long narrow orange petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this yellow-orange flower has several small toothed petals, a green sepal, and several yellow anthers.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are skinny and long.
the flower is made of many small orange petals with a yellow center.
the orange petals are layered in a circle around bright gold stamen.
this flower has orange petals and has yellow tamen in the center
the bright orange petals of this flower attach to a long green pedicel.
this flower has numerous orange feather like petals and a yellow inside.
this flower has bright orange petals with a notched tip that are arranged in multiple layers.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled and bunched together.
the flower shown has several layers of small orange petals.
the petals are dense and compressed into a round, orange, half-sphere.
this flower has petals that are ruffled together
the flower shown has orange pistil as well as orange petals
the flower has many orange colored, ruffly petals, and not other visible parts.
the flower has multiple rings of yellow ribbon like petals all the way to the pistil.
these dark yellow flowers with small pointy leaves, look like pom pom balls.
this flower has a rounded mound of small and ruffled orange petals.
this monochromatic flower is fully light orange or deep yellow, from the petals to the pistil.

this flower has petals that are white with many purple stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the outer petals are aredull green.inner petals are purple and needle shaped
this flower has a large central purple fringe surrounded by pointed short white petals.
a flower with a large ovule at it's center that is covered in purple stamen.
this flower is purple with many dried brown leaves and stems on it.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are pointed and curved upward.
this flower has white petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval.
this flower has a single row of long, light pink petals and a large brownish yellow circular center with many stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with short stamen
this flower has a lot of long pink petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower has a wide brown and green center surrounded by long pink petals.
this flower has thin oblong purple petals with a ribbed texture.
a double row of soft purple pedals surrounding a yellow and green stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and has orange stamen
this flower has a wide round center and vertically creased pink petals.

this large flower has green sepals surrounding a large, pointed white petal which curves outwards.
the flower has a single petal that is white with a green pedicel.
this is a white single petal flower with a narrow tip on it.
the flower has a very smooth white petal with a green pedicel
this flower is white in color, with a single large petal.
this flower has one bell-shaped petal that comes to a point.
a white flower that wraps around the pedicel who's color bleeds into the petal that has a cone shape.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and green in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are white and is in a bell shape

this flower loves water and has large rounded leaves and a double pink flower on long pedicels.
the petals are white with tints of pink near the middle. the stamen is yellow.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink wiht yellow stamen
this flower has oblong pink petals with white accents and the stamen is yellow.
the petals go from a soft pale pink around the edges to a darker pink in the center, it has many yellow anthers.
this flower has pink petals that lay over one another and is surrounded by sturdy sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower has rows of fingernail shaped petals, a dark pink on the inside leading to a pale pink outside.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curved upward.
the pedicel on this flower is purple with bright pink petals
an upturned pink flowers with long pointed pink petals, green sepals,a nd dark red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded up
this flower is bright pink, with long, pointed petals and a pink stem.
a flower with long and narrow petals that have a pointed edge.
the blossom and stem are both pink, the petals are rather pointed at the end, and the center of the blossom is purple.
this flower has pointed-tipped pink petals which are very smooth and bend backwards.
this flower has pink petals that fold upwards and are pointed
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has large round orange petals that turn slightly yellow towards the middle where the yellow stamen is.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and dark orange.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the flower's petals are red, round, and ruffled, with yellow stamen and large green leaves.
this flower has wide and rounded red petals which slightly overlap.
this flower has large orange petals and long orange stamens.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded and layered.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow center
this flower has an overlapping ring of rounded bright orange petals with a wrinkled texture.

a lavender horn shaped blossom has darker purple in the center that extends out, coloring the veins of the flower.
the flower has purple peals with blue in the center
these beautiful purple flowers have an inner star shape with green sepals and pedicals
this flower has a large blue petal with a dark blue center and stigma
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with petals that are curled outwards and purple.
the flower has a blue petals with many stamen around the dark blue pollen tube
this flower has light purple petals with dark blue veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has white petals with purple trimmings and green pedicels.

this flower has pink petals, a yellow stigma, and yellow filament and anther.
this flower has nice white petals with a little pink mixed in along with yellow stigma.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this is a large flower with long white petals fading to bright pink tips.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this white and pink flowers has pointed petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has a prominent yellow pistil surrounded by oblong white petals in a cup-like formation.
this is a white flower with oval-shaped petals and a thick yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has large white petals and a large yellow pistil.

water flower with numerous white petals surround many yellow stamens standing upright.
this water flower has prominent white petals in four layers surrounding bright long yellow stamens.
the flower has white petals with yellow anther and filament in the center
this pointy-edge flower has bright white petals and yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color with pointy white petals and yellow stamen.
a white flower with yellow stigma and is long in height.
the beautiful big flower has white petals that are so soft, smooth, and separately arranged in many layers enclosing lengthy yellow stamens
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has multiple rows of elomgate white petals that surround a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has bright yellow upright stamen and a few layers of white petals placed on top of each other.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are blue, soft and enclosing stamens in the centre
this flower has petals that are star shaped and lavender with lavender stamen.
the flower shown has blue petals with white pistil in the center
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white stamen.
this blue flower has pointed and veined petals and a white and blue pistil.
this flower has five pointed purple petals which are veined and star-shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white stamen
a large blue star shaped flower with a white center.

the flower has long, pinkish and whitish triangular petals and yellow stamen.
this pastel pink flower has a bright yellow stamen reaching outward.
the flower has many pointy white petals with yellow anther
above large flat green leaves, there are elongated and pointed petals which are predominantly white on the outer layers and pink on the inner layers which surround a group of yellow stamen.
the flower has many white and light pink petals, the color of the petals is brighter pink towards the middle of the flower, which has several bright yellow stamen.
this flower has ascending layers of pointed light pink petals in a cupped arrangement with yellow stamen at the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink,white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has layered clustered pink and white petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with an inside that is light yellow in color.

the petals are more and needle shaped and dull orange in color
the layered dripped wet petals are vibrant and warm toned.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are tear drop shape.
this flower has many layers of long, rounded orange petals around a center of short orange stamen.
the flower has orange petals and an orange ovary with orange stamen.
this flower has oblong bright orange petals arranged in a circular fashion.
this flower has layers of long orange petals with rounded tips.
this flower has petals that are orange has has a yellow center
this flower has several layers of sunset orange on the outside and lighter yellow colors on the inside of the petal.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are layered.

this flower has broad white petals that droop downwards and becom more yellow towards the ovule
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with ruffled edges
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
a large white flower with petals flowing over each other
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white and are folded together
this flower has very large all white petals with uneven edges that are folded downward.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.

the petals of this flower are maroon with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with white edges
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are dark near the center.
the petals are white on the edges and deep purple in the center.
flowers are overlaping,the flowers are purple white in color,they are cap[sule in shape
this flower has a funnel-like shape with a dark ovary and white petals with purple veins.
the petals on this flower are mostly white with spots of purple, and black is the color of the stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purplelines
this flower has a black ovule, white and purple petals, and bright green, broad leaves.
this flower has petals with white on the outside and deep purple near the center.

this flower has large pink petals and a yellow stigma in the center
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy at the edges.
the flower has a round purple petal with a yellow pollen tube
this flower has a large yellow pollen tube surrounded by large overlapping purple petals with rounded edges.
the flower has petals that are large and pink with yellow centers.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
these lightly purple flower are round with fan-shaped petals and tiny stamen coming out of the center.
this pale purple flower has rounded petals and an orange stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

outer petals are light purple in color,inner petals are white inc olor
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this purple-hued flower has a star-shaped outer petal structure that is violet, a smaller, more rounded inner-petal structure that is periwinkle, and a cluster of delicate yellow stamen at its center.
this flower has a layer of blue petals, and a layer of white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
a flower with outer petals taht are purple and inner petals that are white.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has five rounded white petals and five larger, pointed purple petals.
the blue petals have a sharp edge while the white inner petals have rounded edges and the stamen is yellow.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

the flowers has a very beautiful bell like shape that's purple in color.
the petals of this flower are purple with white ends
this flower has numerous small blue bell shaped blossoms arranged vertically along its stem.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has small blue petals that are round with white tips on them
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
the petals of this flower are bell like and blue and have white on its tips
this flower has small round closed petals that are clustered in layers overlapping the other.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
this flower has a bunch of blue and white petals that are all bell shaped along the sides of a brown colored pedicel.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower shown has layers of red petals and a red center.
this brightly colored flower has red petals what overlay one another with orange colored anther.
a flower with bright vivid red petals and central cluster of orange and black stamen
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has overlapping golden-colored stamens, a dark red pistil, and bright red petals that are almond-shaped.
this flower has bright red petals around yellow stamen and a dark red pistil..
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this red flower has many layered pointed petals, and orange anthers.
the beautiful flower has red petals that are so vivid, soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner around yellow stamens

the flower has large pale pink petals and white stamen.
this is a soft purple flower the petals curve and the pistil is small yellow
a light purple flower with large, smooth, pointed at the edge petal with a tiny prominent yellow anther in the middle.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are large and rounded.
this flower has lavender peddles and a white pistil with a green stem.
the overlapping diamond shaped soft purple pedtals have white accents.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this pale purple and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has very light purple colored petals with a crinkled texture.

this is a red flower with round petals and a touch of purple berries
a flower with four large petals with the same reds, yellows, and oranges you'd see in a fire.
the flower has bright red petals with some orange and white stamen
this bright red orange flower has rounded petals surrounding white stamens.
the flowers are made of four petals each and are red in color with a pistil that is white.
this red flower has four red petals surrounding short white stamen at the center.
this is a small red flower, with 4 petals, and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has petals that are bright red shading to orange and yellow edges.
the flower has four red petals that are soft, smooth and arranged ninety degrees from each other and has white stamens sticking out from the center

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long pink petals with a yellow and green center.
this flower has oval shaped, long petals that surround a yellow and orange center.
the flower has pink petals and an orange center with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are long and skinny and have a center that is yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright pink petals with a tiny orange stamen.
this flower has long thin pink petals, an orange and green stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.

the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has pointed green sepals surrounding several large red petals with slightly curled edges.
this flower has petals that are red and very layered
the flower has overlapping red petals and a green sepal.
this flower has a spiral of wide round petals with curling edges.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower is fully red and appears to have thorns around it.
this flower has bright red petals that are wrapped tightly around the pistil.
this flower has green sepals and bright red smooth petals.

this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
this flower has a single layer of white petals surrounded by spikes and green stamen in the middle.
the petals on this flower are white with green stamen.
this white flower with five petals has green stamen and spikey narrow green sepals.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a mass of thin green leaves and spikes surrounding short round white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
the flower has a white petal with many stamen around the green pollen tube
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has silky white petals and tiny thorns on it's green pedicel

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has layers of white petals and yellow stamen.
petals are white in color,they are smaller and are oval in shape
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals with bright yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has very sharp white petals with very yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has large white petals with long yellow stamens.
flower has bright yellow stamen protruding from an multilevel array of long narrow white petals.
this flower is white petals about 2 dozen, and as a yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with a patch of purple near the middle
the flower is pink with its petals that are starting from the sepals as a tube and suddenly flaring out separate petals like a disc in the upper region
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
pretty pink flowers has bell-shaped corolla wherein the bases of petals are thin and fused, and the petals are broad at the rim and open out.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color with a dark pink center.
this flower has large rounded petals with ruffled edges in a pale pink shade.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple patch
this flower has light lavender petals, a pink ovule and dark green leaves.
this flower has a trumpet-type of shape with light pink petals that have a crinkled texture.
these pale violet colored flowers have no noticable pistils visible.

this flower has long and pointy yellow petals with no visible outer stigma
this is a yellow and blue flower with very thin long petals .
the flower has bright pointed yellow petals with two blue petals.
this flower is yellow and blue in color, with petals that are spikey.
a flower with bright, tall, orange pointed petals and dark forest green pedicel.
this flower has very pointed and very thick petals in bright hues of yellow and blue.
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow, but also blue.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin

a small flower with a brownish red "veiny" petals and a long red pistil and stamens.
this flower is brown in color, with petals that are curved downward.
this drooping flower has a large pollen tube surrounded by veined orange petals.
this is an orange veined flower that droops downward with darker veins and many reproductive structures that extrude downward.
the flower shown has a peach petal which is dropping and red anther
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark imprints
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are brown
this flower has a prominent dark pistil surrounded by a shallow cup-like formation of light orange petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are orange and pink and the pedicel is green

the petals on this flower are purple and white with a touch of yellow and lines.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple patches of white and yellow with black lines
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are layered on top of each other and the top petals are white and yellow
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has black lines
this flower is purple, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and white with a little yellow
this flower has smooth rounded petals in shades of purple and white, and a few have dark lines.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark purple at the center, shading to purple at the edges.

this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower is shaped like a pentagon and its white petals surround a small, yellow center.
this flower has smooth white petals and white pistil as its main features
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are shaped like a pentagon.
the flower is white and has fused petal that is shaped in disc like manner and has bunch of stamen sticking out from the centre
this yellow and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the petals of this flower are white and have yellow on the pistil
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.

the flower has wither petals with dry end at the tips.
this flower has a large brown pistil with yellow tips and many slim purple petals.
there are pink, pointed petals circling a large cluster of yellow stamen.
the flower has purple petals surrounding the yellow anther with a green pedicel
long, thin purple-pink petals radiate outwards from a thick spherical dark green central pistil, covered in tiny yellow-orange stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and pointed at the tips.
the flower has many thin long petals that are pink.
this flower has thin and narrow blue petals and a pistil that looks like a pine cone.
this flower has long and thin light purple petals that form a single layer around the disk-like center.

this light purple flower has long pointed petals and a large purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this large flower has many pedals of pink and white.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are light pink, long, and pointed, and surround a large cluster of prominent darker pink stamen.
this flower has narrow pointy petals that are a light pink and pink pistils.
this flower is pink in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has pale pink petals with pointy tips surrounding tiny inner pink blossoms.
this flower has yellow point petals with flowery red stigma

thus flower has a protuberant yellow pistil surrounded by five large red petals with rounded and ruffled edges.
the flower shown has peach petals as its main feature with a large yellow pollen tube
the petals of this flower are peach with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with long yellow stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wave and ruffled around the edges.
this flower has orange wrinkled petals and one long style.
this flower has light red petals, tinged with darker red in the center.
this gorgous flower has elegant coral colored petals with a deep ruby color to the center of the petals, and a long yellow stigma.
this flower has five frilly petals that are peach color with veins and a throat of bright pink with a long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style

this is a flower with lavender and white petals and no visible pistils shown.
the flower has curled edges and is purple and white in color.
the center has many upright lavendar petals, with the outer petals curving down, displaying a white middle area with purple ruffled edges.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this is a flower with many fluted edged petals that are purple white in color with a dark purple edge.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this purple and white flower has large rounded wavy petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
this flower has layers of white petals whose ruffled edges are a pale purple color.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has large white petals and long white stamen with yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are white with yellow dots
the sepal on this flower is green with white stamen and petals
the pedals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has white petals with a section of yellow spots.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow dots
this flower has thin pale stamen and wide, soft white petals.
this flower has white petals with light green spots and long, white stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower has one large white petal with green filament tipped with white anther.
this flower has large white attache petals with green stamen coming out of the ovule with white anthers.
this trumpet shaped flower is a very bright white and surrounds a center that features a few greenish filaments topped with bright white anthem.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has one big petal and a fully visible ovary.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
the flower is round in shape and has white petals
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has one large white petal with five points and anther in the center.

this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has green pistil with white sepal and blue and white petals
this is a strange flower with white petals and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower has flat white petals with pointed edges and blue filaments.
this flower is white, purple, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has a white petals with many stamen around the green pollen tube
the flower has a large green pollen tube and purple petals which sit on white sepal.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large red petals and bright yellow stamen in the center
this flower has red petals with yellow dots in the inside.
the flower shown has red petals as its main feature with yellow anther
this flower has petals that are red and yellow steman
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and layered.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a flower with two layers of red petals that surround yellow stamen on a black ovule.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red.

this flower has long red petals and a red stigma in the center of it
this flower has several ascending layers of long shiny, sharp edged red petals which resemble leaves.
flower with pink and white petals growing downwards on a leafy green stem
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this exotic flower has layered purple petals that go all the way up the pistil.
the bloom of the flower is pink in color and folds outward with green leaves.
a flower that is red and has long drooping pedals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pointed dots
this flower has wax looking long green leaves and the fower is the same as the green leaves but is pink and layered.

this flower has petals that are upright, intertwined and pink.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this is a flower that has layers of pink and white petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
i don't see no pedicel its very purple and has no stamen has long sepals.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
a flower with purple petals in many layers and a green pedicel.

a flower with bright light purple petals and central cluster of yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are pale pink, with a white center, and green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
these petals are light purple and overlap like a fan.
the flower petals are light purple in color with yellow anthes
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals are light purple and the anther is golden colored.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
a purple flower with butterfly shaped purple petals and a small yellow ovule at it's center.

this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has bright red petals and red pistil as its main features
the petals on this flower are red and white in color.
thin, delicately veined crimson petals cluster around a deep red pistil topped with a tiny white ruffle.
this flower has dark red petals and red stamen with white flowering anthers.
this flower has bright red petals and a beautiful little white pistil
this flower has very small white petals with a very tiny pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
tiny white star shaped flowers surrounded by red leaf shaped petals.

this flower has petals that are red and white with white stamen.
this flower has both red and white petals and white stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has red and white petals with a ruffle edge on the ends
a pink and white ruffled petal flower with long white filament a tiny purple anther.
the petals of the flower form a fan like shape, and consist of shades of pink and white.
this white and pink flower has toothed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this beautiful flower has bright white stamen and hot pink petals that burst with color.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi colored.

this flower has petals that are white with red anthers.
these flowers petals are white with spots of pink on them and yellow in the middle.
this flower's petals are white with flecks of red, and they fringe softly at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with purple lines
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink dots
this white and dark pink flower has rounded petals and white and brown stamen.
this flower has white filaments with brown anthers and smooth white petals with pink markings.
this has a large white pedal, with several pedals having pink accents and several stamen extending out the middle.
this flower has wide white petals with smooth edges and dark pink accents.

this flower has petals that are red and yellow and tiny
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has small yellow petals and purple pedicel as its main features
the petals on this flower are red with some yellow as well.
this is an inflorescence of yellow flowers of canna genus, has purple colored calyx, and long big leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and have red tips
this flower has bright yellow petals and brown leafy stamen.
this flower has long, papery yellow petals and dark red pedicels..
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple pedicel.

this flower has purple petals and two yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
the flower has overlaping petals with larger anthers that are yellow in color
this flower has wide, overlapping purple petals with rounded, ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has vibrant yellow stigma and green pistil set inside a dark ovary and surrounded by overlapping smooth purple petals.
this purple and white flower has rounded petals and yellow stigma.
a group of purple flowers with green and yellow stigma.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled back.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower has bunch of yellow crumpled up leaves in a ball fashion with green pedicel
the petals of the flower are small and curled along the edges and are yellow in color.
this simple flower has many yellow pedals arranged perfectly to make a circle or ball shape.
this yellow flower with a rich aroma has hundreds of petals all rolled and coiled up forming large round heads.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
the pedicel of this flower is short and green and the petals are pale yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
a flower with short and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has a globe-like shape that is made up of small yellow petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the petals of the flower are pink and orange and have green leaves.
the flower shown has pink and white petals with green pedicel
this flower has purple tip edges and it turns white as it gets to the centre and the stamen is black with yellow tips
the petals of this flower are magenta and white and the pedicel is green
this flower has multicolored petals, some of which are pink with white centers while others are a solid peach color.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pink along the edges.

this bright orange flower has rounded petals and bead like stamen.
the petals on this flower are orange with white stamen.
flowers are alternately arranged,they are orange in color
this flower has petals that are orange with small white stamen
the flower has several orange petals with white anthers on the stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with wrinkled and wavy petals.
this flower has small, heart-shaped orange petals with delicate red veins.
this orange flower has round petals that are ruffled at the edge, and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has rounded orange petals with darker orange lines in them and a center of white stamen.

the petals of this flower are magenta with a short stigma
the flower has a pink colored set of petals with the inner part in yellow.
this small fuchsia flower has some petals with yellow centers and is speckled with brown, and grows with multiple blooms emerging on short stalks from a central stem.
the purple petals have yellow and dark purple markings with purple stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that have striped.
this flower has pink petals that have yellow on them
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow patches
this flower has smooth petals in varying shades of pink with yellow and brown accents.
this flower has pink and yellow petals with brown specks on them.

dark purple petals white middle light green leaves
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow lines
this flower has very dark purple petals and a center area of cream colored stamen.
this flower has dark purple petals with white pistil as its main features
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and dark purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
dark purple wine colored petals with many off white stamen.
this flower has an overlapping row of dark burgundy petals with a prominent yellowish white center with burgundy stamen and yellowish white anther.
this flower has burgundy leaves and yellow stamen in the center.

large heart shaped red petal with a long slender yellow style
this flower is red in color, with only a single red petal.
this flower has a very large red petal with a creme colored stigma that is sticking out
the flowers have red petals with a red style that is very tall.
these flat red flowers have a petal that looks waxy and a long yellow pistil.
the bloom of the flower is waxy in appearance and is red in color.
this flower has petals that are red and has a ong yellow style
the petals of this flower are red, the pistil is tube like and the pedicel is green
the large, red petals is heart shaped and wrinkled and the stamen is long and orange.
this flower is red in color, and has one single large red petal.

this flower has a textured yellow pollen tube surrounded by a pointed white petal.
the flowers has a single white petal with a white tipped stigma.
this flower has a white petal with a yellow pistil and a green stem.
this flower has a large white petal with a large yellow stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow styles
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has white petals as well as a pedicel.
a round white flower with a green steam and a yellow center.

the petals of the flower are composed of purple berries that are arranged in layers.
a long pedicure with many smaller purple petals forming a cone.
flowers are alternately arranged,they are purple in color
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has small round bell-shaped blossoms and ruffled white mouths.
this flower has purple petals that are shaped like grapes.
this flower has light purple petals with no visible pistils from this angle.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
this flower has bunches of jug-shaped blue petals that have white rims.

this flower has petals that are overlapping and pink with green pedicel.
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has beautiful pink petals and a green pedicel
a light pink flower with a large base and a green stem.
this flower has many pink petals that wrap around each other
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the layered pink petals sit atop a green pedicel with several green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
what is so special and beautiful about this flower is its light purple orchid petals and how bountiful they are.
the flower shown has several layers of white and purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and very ruffled
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower has a mound of pale purple blossoms with tiny rounded petals.
this flower has a large amount of small, pale purple petals.
a light lavender flower with a large amount of small teardrop shaped petals and many light lavender pistils.
a flower with lilac colored petals which are layered with multiple short stamen coming out of the center.

the flowers has a set of 5 white petals with its inner parts colored yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the petals on this flower are yellow with white tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower displays 5 large petals with white outer edges and yellow center.
stigma is a dark color with white petals with yellow in the inner middle
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are white and yellow
this flower has five smooth oblong petals that are yellow near the base and white elsewhere.
the five thick petals of this flower are yellow at the center and white on the outside, with no visible pistil or stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center

this flower has a red petal and a group of yellow stamen in the middle
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this is a red double flower with soft petals that surround small yellow stamen.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by layers of red petals.
bright yellow pistil surrounded by layered red petals and a light purple sepal under petals.
this flower has yellow stamen and layers of soft, large red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and have yellow stamen
this flower has two layers of red petals with a cluster of stringy yellow stamen at it's center.
the beautiful red flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner with yellow stamen bunch in the centre
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.

this white flower is shaped like a trumpet and has conjoined petals with ruffled edges and pointed tips.
th flower is capsule shaped with whiyt colored petals with lrge anthers
the flower shown has circular white petals as its main feature.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
this flower has a large white petal and a yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower has a wide-mouthed trumpet shape and its white petals are very smooth.
a flower with wide petal that curls outward and is white.
the flower is horn shaped white pedals with a white stamen.
this flower has large white petals and a large white pistil.

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by layers of thin white petals with slightly tapered tops.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has many overlapping flowers and yellow stamen and pistil.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has layered white petals that have yellow and green stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
overlapping layers of thin white petals surround the yellow circular center of this flower.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow center.
the flower with white petals that are white, soft, smooth, separated and arranged in many layers
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of yellow
this flower has white petals that are ever so slighlty yellow in the center.
this white flower's petals gradate into yellow towards the center, hiding the stamens and pistils.
the beauty, and elegance of this whitish, yellow flower is in stark contrast with its deep, dark green leaves.

this bright purple flower has long, pointed but slightly rounded petals and yellow stamen surrounding a purple stigma.
this flower has a set of bright pink and white petals and is symmetric.
this light purple flower has petals with some yellow anthers in the middle.
these purple flowers have long thin petals and a dark center.
the flower has purple petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower has bright purple petals and a deep purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
these flowers are a vibrant hot pink surrounded by green leaves.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered on top of each other.
the purple flower has petals that are separately arranged in one layer above the other in disc like manner around the stamen

the flower shown has red rose colored petals and green pedicel
flower is deep salmnon colored petals with a deep green stem.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and overlapping, with green pedicel.
an orange and red flower with large layered petals and a green pedicel.
this pink flower has many petals that are red and white in color and wrap around eachother.
a flower with long and wide petals that curl out and are dark red.
this red rose still has rain drops on it's petals.
this flower has layer red feathers that fold together in a swirl
this flower has many layers of dark red petals and a dark green pedicel.

a flower with clusters of red petals and red stamen at the center of those clusters
dark red petals dark red middle dark green and white green leaves
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is bright red with overlapping petals and red stamen.
these small red flowers are bunched together on top of their pedicel.
this red flower has tiny clustered petals attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has multiple red petals with a darker area around the pistil.
this flower has bright red petals that have a smooth texture and are arranged very close together.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has a lot of burgundy petals with brown spots on the petals
a pink flower with layers on narrow and pointed petals with purple stamen.
this flower has purple pistil and pink petals as its main features
this flower has many slender long petals that are pink speckled with white around pink and white stamen.
the big flower is beautiful with dark pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner around a bunch of red stamens
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted white.
this flower has petals that are red and has purple stamen
the flower has pink stamen and several pink oval petals.

this flower has petals that are white with shades of purple
a pink and white flower with five rounded petals and yellow filament that surround a green stigma.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with white petals and a blush of light purple
this is a flower with five pink and white petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has round white petals that has yellow stamen
five broad, pale pink petals surround a green pistil with dark yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
the flower has five round petals that are white and pink.
five light pink petals around a light green center with yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with a yellow stamen
white pedal yellow and green middle loan green leaves
the flower is round and has smooth petals that surrounds the yellow ball shaped stamen.
this flower is white in color, with only one large petal.
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow pistil.
the one petal is pure white and is wrapped in a flat disk shape around a brown stamen.
the flower shown has a smooth white petal with a think yellow pollen tube.
this flower has a large and smooth funnel-shaped petal with a big yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.

the flower has red petals with yellow tips and a green pedicel
this flower has long petals in a radiating pattern that begin bright red toward the center and fade out to yellow.
this flower has thin peach colored petals with tapered yellow tips.
a flower with red and yellow petals also with maroon anther filaments.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are curved down.
this flower has purple and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has red petals with yellow tips and yellow filament with red anther.
this flower has orange and salmon colored petals with yellow tips, a yellow ovule and red in its center.
this flowers long petals change from dark red to yellow as you move to the tip and it has a cottony poof of same colored stamen in the center.

this flower has six pointed purple petals with leaf like striations.
the flower has purple petals with yellow anther and filament
this lavender colored flower has sharp stamen and petals with pointed edges.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are blue with veins.
the narrow dark purple and white petal are accompanied with white stigma and light yellow stamen.
the purple flower has long oval shaped petals with visible filament and stigma.
this flower has thin white stamen surrounded by long pointy-tipped purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has thin yellow filaments and purple petals with pointed tips.

many clusters in a long shape with purple bell shaped flowers with white and red spots in the center.
these flowers possess darker-colored spots within the light-pink and white petals.
this is a purple flower with con shape petals and a touch of white
a bunch of pink flowers blooming on a branch with older flowers are at the bottom and younger ones at the top, and each flower is bell-shaped pink colored with maroon colored spots.
this is a cluster of exuberant pink flowers, spotted with specks of rose surrounded by white dots.
this flower has purple spotted petals and small short stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the purple petals are cone shaped, with white and purple spots on the petas.
this flower has light purple bell shaped petals that have pink shading on their insides along with white and dark spots.
this flower has pink petals with darker spots leading to the pistil.

an odd shaped white and purple flower with fuzzy looking stamen.
the alternating petals of this flower are white with small purple dots all over them.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower shown has white petals with purple spots which are its main feature
this flower has the outer row of white petals with purple dots and the inner row of y-shaped three petals
this flower has white petals with purple spots and textured white stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with spotted petals.
a lavender flag has some dark purple dots in the petals pistils are different shape
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower has six white petals with purple spots and long, pale purple stamens.

the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has long and thin link stamen surrounded by equally long and thin pink petals which curl backwards upon themselves.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals of the flower are pink in color and the filaments can be seen.
this flower has very long stamen surrounded by a sparse arrangement of long pink petals with curled ends.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has pale pinkish lavendar long petals with long pink stamen.
this flower has long light pink petals with outward curved tips, a really ling light pink stamen, and a green peticel.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has a small purple petal and a long dark yellow stigma in the center
the petals of the flowers are purple and white in color with long green leaves.
the flower has purple petals with a yellow pollen tube
the flower shown has light purple petals and a yellow pistil as its main feature.
the pale flower has overlapping purple petals and yellow stamen that have large anther protruding from within.
this flower is yellow and light purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is white with light pink stripes and orange stamens.
this flower has thick yellow stamen surrounded by wide white and purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower is whit and blue in color, with petals that are all connected.
this flower has a blue petal with dark purple stripes and a white center
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
a flower with large rounded individual blue petal with purple stripes and white stamen.
this rounded flower is pale blue with suggestive star shaped markings at the center.
this flower has blue and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this blue and purple flower has triangular petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and has purple lines
a flower with light purple petals and a star shape pattern at it's center with a white anther filament.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is bright blue with darker blue markings.

the petals are soft green in color and pointed, and the stamen are bright blue while the stigma is both green and purple.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy stamen
this flower has white triangle shaped petals and several bluish stamen.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has small blue petals in a circular shape and green and purple pistil as its main features
this white, blue and purple flower has pointed petals and white sepals.
this flower has long purple and white petals that are thin and flexible.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has flat white petals and blue filaments with upright pistils and stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen

a very droopy flower made of just a few long burgundy flowers with spots covering each petal.
the stem curves so that the petals, maroon and white, overlap each other and hang in a bell shape over the center of the flower.
the pedicel as well as the petals of this flower are varying shades of dark purple with an almost honeycomb shaped pattern on the petals.
this flower has pink and purple petals drooping downward
a flower with multicolored purple petals and no visible pistils or anther filaments.
this flower has purple petals that have pink dots on them
this flower has three dark pink petals that each have an arrangement of brown rings on them.
this flower has a downward orientation and strange hexagonal pattern.
this flower is purple and black in color, with spotted petals that are drooping.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
these magnificent purple-petaled flowers feature numerous yellow stamen.
there are two purple flowers with round petals and a yellow stamen.
two purple flowers with five petals each, and yellow centers.
this flower features a prominent ovary containing a frame of yellow stamens surrounded by five broad purple white rimmed petals.
this flower has small purple petals with a smooth texture and rounded edges.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by pink petals.
this flower has lavender petals, with bright yellow stamen and a pale yellow pistil.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with red patches
the petals on this flower are together making the flower circular on the top and are the color pink
this round trumpet shaped flower has conjoined pink petals which bell slightly at their edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the ovary.
the purple petals that surround a single white stamen give this flower and overall circular shape.
this flower has conjoined pink petals in a rounded star shape.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has bright pink petals with folds, which are shaded red.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines

this flower has long yellow stamen with white petals around them and another layer of red petals under the white petals.
this flower has petals that are red and pink with long stamen
the flower shown has yellow pistil with green pedicel and red petals
these blossoms have six petals which form a bowl, the bowl has a very long narrow tube like structure with a small bulb at the end, there are many stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped and curled at the edges.
this flower has bright red sepals with white petals and many straight and thin stamen.
this red white and pink flower has both rounded and pointed petals and white and yellow stamen.
the gold stamens surrounds the stigma of the white and red petals of the flower
this flower has petals that are pink and red and has yellow stamen
large flower with red and white petals and long white and gold stamen

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
the petals of this flower are pink and orange with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are overlapping and white with pink edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches
the flower has petals that are pink and are densely packed in the centre and loosely packed in the outer region
this flower has large pink petals that are dark pink towards the tips.
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and spirally getting opened towards outside and closed at the centre
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
the petals are large and the color is a blend of orange, light pink, and dark pink.
a pink flower with the green sepal and inside orange petals

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has long red petals with yellow tips and red stamen in the center
this flower has many small red petals with yellow tips and many pistils starting with red and yellow in the center.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
this is a multicolored flower with many petals and a green center.
this flower has pink and yellow skinny petals with yellow stamen in the center.
a pink flower with yellow tips on petals and lime green pollen tube
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.
the petals of this flower are pink near the pedicel and orange near the ends of the petals.

this white flower has pale colored stigma. there is one large outside petal.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
a bright white flower with white filament and yellow anther.
the white circular flower has white filaments with yellow tips growing from a thick green stem.
this trumpet shaped bloom has 5 large white petals tapering to a green sepal supported by thick green stems.
the white petals curl at the edges and form a shallow vase shape around white and yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
this flower has a papery, white petal and white stamen and anthers.
a beautiful white flower with petals curved under and tan stamen and stigma sticking out from the middle.

this flower has thick wide pink petals with slightly pointed edges which angle upwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has petals that are overlapping and pink with dark pink edges.
this is a flower that has layers of pink round shaped petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered on top of each other.
this flower has pink petals over a thick green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are dark pink and the pedicel is olive green
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a thick stalk that is green in color.

the flower is red with petals that are soft, separated and surrounding the stamen that has white anthers
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
small flower with ruffled red petals and multiple white stamen in the middle
the flower has petals that are dark red with white stamen.
this flower has thick red petals as its main feature.
this flower has bright red petals with a pale yellow stigma.
this flower has red petals that have small white stamen
this particular flower has petals that are circular and red
the petals of the flower are a bright red color, and the stamens are a yellow color.
these flowers have red petals and a white stamen in the center.

fat and wide pink flower with a yellow center.
a dark pink flower with broad petals arranged in 3-4 whorls, and has short pink pistil and yellow stamens.
the pretty flower has large pink petals around a yellow center.
full rosy pink petals that are beautifully layered with yellow stamens.
this is a double rose colored flower with many petals and in the center it has yellow anthers and filaments in a cluster, in the center of the flower.
this flower has pink petals with very short yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower contains many pink petals as well as yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple stacked layers of smooth pink petals surrounding a short clump of yellow stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the ovary.
this pinkish color rose has alot of petals and has not opened all the way.
this flower has pink light pink rounded petals that wrap around each other multiple times.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with green leaves and a green sepals.
an orange and pink multi layered flower with a thick green pedicle.
this flower has large pink petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has multiple rows of pink petals that wrap together tighter closer to the pistil.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together

this interesting orange-red flower houses strange, draping stamen.
this is a large orange flower with black dots and long stamen.
this flower has an interesting shape and a bright red color.
the petals of the flowers are curly and spotted with violet circles and it has long stamen
the petals of the flower fold inward to form a circle and are orange in color with black spots.
this flower has petals that curl inwards and are red with brown spots
this flower has coral petals with purple stripes and very long pink stamen with purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has black dots
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has orange petals with brown dots which curl backwards in a circle, surrounding long thin brown stamen.

this flower has pink filament and bright pink petals as its main features
this flower has five thick and slightly pointed pink petals whose edges have a slight ruffling.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower has pink petals with ruffled/wavy edges and a darker pink spotted pattern toward the center of some petals.
the bright pink petals have dark pink spots and ruffled edges and the stamen have brown anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen

flower with large white petals and narrow deep receptacle.
this flower had large, connected white petals with a deep throat and short yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
this bell shaped flower has conjoined white petals which ruffle slightly at the edges.
the flower has a smooth white petal with green sepal and pedicel
white fluted and adjoined petals that drape at the ends and have a deep stamen in the center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and curled at the edges.
this flower has a funnel-type shape with a large white petal that has a light green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and is soft white with green veins.

petals are spiky and needle shaped,they are purple in color
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the flower has lavender petals that are dense and very thin.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are star shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with flowery stigma
this flower has thin, pointed blue petals with white tips.
a purple and white flower with many pointy thin prick like petals that surrounding star shaped pistils.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are pointed.
this flower has multiple five sided petals that are lavender purple and white.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin

these white flower petals have pale yellow stamen inside of them.
this flower has a set of white petals and a low pistil that's yellow in color.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that have small veins.
the flower is funnel shaped with its petals fused as one near the sepal but separated towards their tips and has satin in the centre, and also the flower is white but greenish in the centre
this star-shaped flower is white with yellow streaks going down the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has a wide star-shaped trumpet appearance with ruffled edges.
this flower has with petals blooming on a green bus of leaves.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has a yellow ovary and veins in a funnel-shaped white petal.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has rounded petals that are different colors; two are dark pink and the others are white.
this pink and white flower has curled petals and a thick green pedicel.
these flowers are pink and white and have few sparsely placed petals.
the outer petals are pink, with two white inner petals.
a small pink and white flower with round petals and no visible stamen or pistil.
the flowers petals are pink and white with a long green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are wilted and multi colored.
the petals are round and pink and white and the sepals are oval shaped and green.
this flower has petals that are pink with shades of white

this flower has petals that are pink with purple shading
this flower has green sepal with bright pink petals as its main features
this flower has the outer five purple petals and the trumpet shaped petal inside
the petals on this flower are pink with a white fringe.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled,
this flower has petals that are pink and is bell shaoed
this bright fuchsia flower contains 6 petals and no visible stamen, with one lower petal resembling a trumpet shape, with a thin white outline around the trumpet shaped petal.
a horn of petals center this purple flower, surrounded by five loose petals.
this flower has pink petals and sepals with a pink petal forming a trumpet at its center.

this flower features white petals with magenta tips and a unique, yellow stamen at the center.
the flower has white petals with bright pink tips and a yellow center.
this is a pink and white flower with a green petal
soft, pink tinted edges reminds me of the tropics.
the pretty flower has long white petal with pink at their tips.
this flower has white petals that are pink on the ends and a nearly hidden ovule.
petals have no apparent structure in relation to the flower but each petal is white at the largest part and becomes pink at the narrower tip.
this flower has petals that are white and haspink edges
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has a wide yellow pistil and white petals with pink tips.

this flower has the overlapping purple petals stand on a green pedicel
purple petals tinged light violet ruffled around some stamen.
this flower has a few light purple petals that seem to curl in a random direction.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled and way.
this flower has petals that are purple with a few patches of white
this strange purple flower only has a few, veined petals and no visible stamens or pistils.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has only a couple of petals and they are smooth in texture, wavy, and light purple.
this flower has large rounded pale purple petals with smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading

the stamen are clustered in the center and the long yellow petals surround it in several layers.
this flower has approximately three layers of yellow elongated pointed petals that radiate from a central round yellow disc.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
an orange flower with long narrow petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
several rows of golden, narrow, ridged, oblong petals radiate from a center ring of dense, tiny anthers.
this flower is entirely golden yellow and has long, thin petals all around.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has layers of long yellow petals with tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has six oval shaped petals that are yellow with pink dots and pink edges, with a long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with pink dots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
pink and yellow speckled petals yellow middle green leaves
petals are oval in shape and are brwon spoted in color
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals with red spots on them, and red on the border of each petal.
this flower has sparsely arranged petals that are yellow with pink spots.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.

this flower has petals that are orange, blue and very thin
the petals on this flower are orange with a purple pistil.
this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has bright orange outer petals, white inner petals and a light green sepal.
outer petals are green and purple ,inner petals are orange in color
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has large orange and blue petals with a thick pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and blue and are thin
a flower with long and pointed petals that are orange.

this flower has two apparent layer of petals, both of which are bright yellow
this flower has a large yellow petal and a yellow stamen
the petals of the flower is colored yellow as well as its sepal.
the yllow colored flower has lower oval shaped petals with one large inner rounde petals with a smaller pistil
the flower has two layers and is completely yellow in color with a green stem.
this flower has a ruffled yellow trumpet surrounded by tapered yellow petals.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a bright green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
a horn shaped flower with floppy yellow petals and yellow stamen at it's center.

this flower has five pedals and is a delicate purple color with a bright yellow center.
the petals are light purple on the outside fading to white and are arranged in a pattern of five with dark purple inner portions and yellow stamens with a green stigma.
the petals on this flower are purple and white with a dark purple center
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with green stigma
this flower has five rounded purple petals whose centers are plum-colored and white.
this flower has five petals which are light purple, dark purple and white.
a flower with purple and white petals and green leaves.
this flower has light purple edges fading into white towards the center and a dark purple center with yellow stamens and a green pistol.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center

the flower has petals that are white, with yellow and orange star shape in the center.
a flower with large white petals with orange spots and a green stamen cluster
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has small white petals with yellow patches as its main feature
this flower has a star shaped design in the center of white heart shaped petals.
this flower has a wheel-arrangement of white heart shaped petals with yellow at the base.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has an orange center
this flower has five heart shaped white petals with bright yellow center markings.
this small flower grows in bunches with a five white heart shaped petals that are yellow at the center.

this flower has petals that are pink with stringy white stamen
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green leaves.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is big and has disc of petals that are soft, smooth and has disc of stamens in the above that are white
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the main color of the pedals are deep pink with white filaments poking out.
this flower has long, skinny purple petals and white and dark purple stamen.

this flower has veined, triangular purple petals and smaller white blossoms protruding from the center.
the flower is small with white petals that are fused near the sepal and separated gradually through their edges and has white stamen in the middle
the flower has larger outer purple petals with smaller inner white colord petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has a lot of purple petals with a large white stigma
the purple leaves provide lots of contrast for the white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stamen
this particular flower has petals that are small and pointed with purple and white
this flower has large purple leaves, with smaller white flowers in the center of the flower.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
the flower has a bright pink petal with yellow stamen
the flower has many white in color stamen that have larger anthers that are purple incolor
this flower has pink petals and long white stamen with green anthers on it
pink petals with jagged edges with white filament and pink anthers.
this flower has large pink petals with long white stamen.
this flower has petals that are varying shade of pink with jagged top edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has small pink petals whose edges are deeply serrated.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and uneven along the edges.

the flower shown has yellow petals surrounding yellow stamen
this flower has long, pointed yellow petals that surround a darker center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny and long.
a vibrant yellow spiked looking bloom with a large yellow stamen.
this flower has long, skinny golden colored petals and puffy-looking anthers.
this is a yellow flower with long thin petals and a thick, prominent pistil.
this flower has a dense set of thin yellow petals and a round pistil.
this flower has a round yellow center and a fringe of thin yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
there are numerous bristle like yellow petals in a star configuration surrounding a deep yellow stamen covered ovule.

this small flower has four yellow petals which have very rounded edges.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals are bright yellow while the stigma is also a bright yellow color.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are yellow and large.
a couple of golden flowers with tall orange stigma.
four broad orange petals and an orange stigma distinguish this flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has pink petals and spike up and cover the middle nicely
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
the flower has petals that are tight, overlapping and bright pink.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the petals on this flower are purple with a green pedicel
a flower with long and wide petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several folded layers
this flower has wide and vertically striated layers of upturned pink petals.
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has petals that are lavender with purple stamen.
this flower has thick blue petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are curled and have veins.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a green stem.
this green-stemmed flower is made of lots of purple petals with many veins visible in each petal and has a darker purple ovule.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
a flower with many indigo petals surrounding a center of purple stamen.
the petals of the flower are blue in color and have a sepal that is green in color.
a purple petaled flower with many shades of purple like it is water colored.

the petals of this flower are purple and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that have striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow and black lines
this flower has two purple petals, two lavender petals and two yellow petals.
the flower shown has bright purple and yellow petals which is its dominant feature
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
flowers are plants reproductive organ (sepals, carpels, stamens, ovary, pistins).
this flower is blue, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with colorful flower that have rounded tips.
this flower has five purple lavender and yellow petals with darker purple stripes.

this flower has long red petals and a brown center with yellow anthers
this flower has a brown center surrounded by several layers of long pink petals.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with manyfold red pointed petals with a large circular cluster of crimson stamen in the center.
these cheery hot pink flowers have two layers of elongated, thin, pointed petals which surround a middle with a ring of yellow around a dark brown center.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong pink petals in a ray formation.
some large flowers with long red pedals and a black center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner in different layers with a bunch of stamen in the center
this pink flower has pointed petals and yellow and pink stamen.

a large purple flower with a frilly center and large, spoon shaped petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded on the edge.
this flower has a lavender and white petals with yellow stamen and a greenish yellow pistil.
this flower has a large pink petal and a lot of yellow anthers
the purple opened flower has large alternate petals that are purple in color with yellow many stamen angd a large pistil
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
the petals on this flower are mostly light pink and green and white is the color of the stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has a green bulb and yellow stamen surrounded by pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the purple petals on this flower go from light to dark to even lighter color as they reach the edge.
this round flower has several wide petals in varying shades of purple, which have serrated edges.
a unique flower with different spotted shades of purple and lavender pistils.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled on the ends.
a flower that has multiple tones of pink with whispy white stamen
this flower has pink petals that has purple edges and white stamen
this particular flower has petals that are round with purple and pink
this flower has triangle shaped purple flowers with frayed edges and a light purple center with white stamen.
this flower has a white anther filament, pink and magenta stamen, and magenta and pink petals.
large, pale purple petals with darker purple bands in the center and white stamen.

the warm coral heart shaped petals are drawn to eachother.
this flower has a lot of red petals with white stamen in the middle
this flower has a cluster of peach colored flowers. the petals are rounded on the edges with smaller rounded petals in the middles.
the flower has petals that are red with red filaments.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are red colored and round shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has small wheel-like blossoms that have rounded pink petals.
the coral colored petals have light veins and the stamen are small and coral colored.
the petals of the flower are arranged in a clump and are red in color.

the flower is light green with sepals that are appearing as bottom layer of petals and the upper layer of petal is fused and forming bell shape
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has pale yellow petals surrounding a single bell-shaped petal in the center.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a green sepal.
the white petals of this flower are supported on a thick green stem and surround a fluted white inner row of petals.
this flower has a yellow receptacle and white petals with a trumpet-like center.
this flower has yellow and white petals which are drooping as well as a green sepal.
this flower has white petals with a yellow bottom that droop over to the grounds.
this flower has petals that are white and is bell shaped
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the white flower has fused petal that is soft, smooth and forming a funnel shape and enclosing stamens
flower is whoite in color,stamen are white with largher anthers
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
the flower shown has smooth white petals and white filament.
this flower has a rounded white shape of soft conjoined petals and thin white stamen.
this flower is a broad white petal that is trumpeted in the center with filaments of white from the edge.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
a flower with broad white petals, a yellow pistil, and a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has long stamen

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has bright pink over lapping petals with yellow pistil
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
petals are pink in color and are oval in shape
this flower has thin pink petals that has yellow stamen
this flower has rows of numerous bright pink petals in all directions.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
a large bloom with many long, narrow petals, and a large greenish yellow ovule with light pink stamen.

pedivcel is green in color,petals are oval in shape,prominent green stigma
this is a flower with large pink and white petals and a circular green and yellow pistil/stamen in the center.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow tips on the pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with a big yellow sitgma
this flower has a yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of pink petals.
this flower has large pink and white petals with long yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a big style
this flower has rounded petals that are purple with white at the base and stamen that are orange.
this flower has a yellow pistil surrounded by pink petals.

the petals on this flower are peach fading to yellow.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
the flower has many petals but not as many filaments.
this multi layered flower features salmon colored petals that radiate out from a bright yellow center.
a dull pink flower with curved pedals and a golden center.
this flower has small peach colored oblong petals in layers.
this flower is a light pink with four layers of petals, and the inner most layer of petals has a yellow inside.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.

this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
the flower is pink with petals that has white stripe along their length and also the stamens are in the centre
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are peach with a long stigma
the petals have opened up with the stamen being visible.
this flower has peach petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are pink.
this flower has pink leaves with clear filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stripes
this flower has overlapping white petals with accents of pale pink.

this is a flower with white petals and stringy purple and white anthers.
this flower has a large green pistil and stamen, and hairlike purple fringe, surrounded by rounded white petals.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are purple and white with a yellow pollen tube
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shapedd.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower is white, purple, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
there is a single layer of long oval white petals below a single layer of eyelash like purple and white curly petals which also surrounding a bright green pistil and speckled green stamen.
this flower has white petals with strings of stamen overlapping them.
the purple and white stamens surrounds the stigma of the white petals of the flower

the flower has pink petals that are overlapping each other on the p;ant.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovule.
this flower has long red stamen and large red petals that are slightly wrinkled.
the flower has bright pink petals and pink filament with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright red.
this flower is pink in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
the flower has five pink petals with large pink stamen.
this flower is fully red petaled with a pattern on some petals that resembles feathers and the filament appears to be a blended yellow color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pink stamen

the flower shown has a thin green pedicel with yellow pistil and petals
this small flower has four upturned yellow petals with slightly rounded edges.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are uneven on the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has bright yellow petals and bright yellow pistils.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
the flower is simple yet elegant with its smooth yellow pedals shining bright.
this flower has small and very smooth, upturned yellow-orange petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
this pure white flower has large, smooth petals that grow upward and meet together at the top.
this white flower has large, long, petals that block the view of the stamen.
this flower has the milky white petals closely arranged on a green stem
the flower shown has thin white petals as its main feature.
it has gorgeous white pedals with pinstripes down the sides, while nothing else is shown.
this flower has long vertical white petals, a green ovule and brown stem.
this flower has petals that are white and is folded upwards
this flower has long white flowers with a green pedicel.
the petals are small, snow white, and tear drop shaped.

this flower has numerous stamen ringed by multiple layers of thin pink petals.
this cool flower features erect, light pink petals and a yellow core.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely bunched together.
this large flower has multiple rows of pale pink petals and short anthers.
this flower features two rows of pink petals, centered by a crown-shaped cluster of tan stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower contains three rows of pink petals that all surround the pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
the flower has many thin long oval petals that are a light pink.

this flower has a white pistil with flat yellow petals underneath
this flower has petals that are yellow with long stigma
flower had 5 wise yellow petals with a long yellow pollen tune tipped with branching stigma.
flower with five large yellow petals and a long yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled on the edges.
the flower has a large yellow pistil and stamen with yellow petals.
the frilly yellow petals match the bright stamen almost exactly.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has a tall yellow pistil in the center of five bright rounded yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style

the flower has petals that are orange with orange stigma.
the petals are bright red in color and rounded shaped with smaller and yeelow colord nthers
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the dark orange round petals are pulled up surrounding the orange stamen of this flower.
this flower has large orange petals and a lot of tall green stamen
this orange flower has 6 petals and center is yellow in color and has thin delicate stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange has has yellow stamen
this bright orange flower, with broad, soft petals, has a yellow center.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.
this reddish orange flower has five wide petals and yellow and brown striped stigma.

this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this bunch of light orange colored flowers has a white style.
the flower has yellow and orange petals with white stamen in the middle
this flower has small orange petals, and small white anthers in the center
this flower has round orange petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has different blossoms grouped together, each with round orange petals and white stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
the petals of this flower are light and dark orange and the pedicel is green
the petals and small stigma have an yellow orange hue.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that have darker veins.

a large flower with green petals, and a purple center.
this unique flower features a dense array of light pink stamen coming from its center.
a flower with very long and thin purple colored petals.
the flower is set inside a spiky shell and is pink in color while the outer covering is green.
this single purple flower forms one round clump with many long petals that seem to spike upwards.
this flower consist of multiple rings of purple needle shaped petals surrounded by a hard sapel.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has thick spiked green petals surrounding a fringe of purple hair.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has thick green sepals and spiky thin purple petals.

this flower has multi-colored petals in different shades of orange, maroon and brown.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has petals that are orange, purple, yellow, and white.
a flower with ragged orange and red dotted petals and green sepals
the petals on this flower are brown with no visible stamen.
this flower has a white and green sepals and receptacle with wavy multicolored petals in shades of orange, red, and yellow.
this flower is characterized by a bright orange bloom that is actually very large, but has few petals
a flower with speckled brown petals that have ruffled at their edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has shades of yellow
this flower is orange and purple in color, with multi colored petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the petals on this flower are a light purple color with green pedicel
a flower with curled pink petals, white anther, and pink filaments
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this pink flower has the row of five petals curled at the top and having the long stamens with purple anther at the top
a light purple bell shaped flower that the pedals curl up at the end.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the flower has long pink stamen and long pink petals that curl on the end.
a purple flower with curly purple petals that surround long purple stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower with separate petals which are white in color.
this large flower has smooth white petals which are round both in shape and at their edges.
this flower has petals that are white with a hint of yellow
this is a large flower with white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has smooth white petals in varied shapes and sizes.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are that are thin and rounded.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has wide and very smooth white petals with rounded edges.
a flower with five white petals and a yellow pistil.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are lavender with a shirt stigma
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
this flower has light purple petals that are veined and a small yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is green
this violent flower has it's violet petals arranged ina cone shape with white anther filament visible at it's center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower is purple and red in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this pale purple flower has long skinny petals with no distinctly clear anther or stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has pointed green sepals topped with a fringe of many hairlike purple petals.
this flower has a wide rounded layer of hair-like purple fringe.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has purple stamen that are stringy and upright
this flower has rows of needle-shaped purple petals.
the flower has many long purple petals and purple stamen.

the bell shaped white flower has fused petal that is soft, smooth and supported by green sepal
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this is a white flower with round petals with purple spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals of this flower are pink and purple with a short stigma
this flower has white bell shaped petals, with dark purple spots.
a flower that is tube shaped and white with purple spots.
the flower has one white, bell shaped petal with dark purple spots.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has a large amount of white bell shaped petals.

light and purple pedals. in white middle and green leaves
flower with blue and purple petals on a thin light brown stem
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this purple flower has a bright purple and white stigma.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a pink center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this flower is a connected purple petal with bright pink highlights .
this flower has purple petals with dark purple veins and a white stamen.
this flower has 5 dark purple pedals on the outside with a pink colored center.
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the petals of this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
the petals of the flower are layered and are pink in color.
orange and pink flower with wide smooth petals with water drops resting on them.
this flower has layers of light pink petals that curve overlap one another.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
this flower has many layers of smooth pink petals that are tightly wrapped around each other.
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
the pink flower has a long stigma that is the same color.
this uniquely shaped flower has several fluttery petals and a tubular center.
the flower shown has a smooth purple petal with a green pedicel
this flower has light purple petals of varying shapes with one magenta petal on the bottom.
this flower has bright pink wavy petals and a single dark pink petal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped and ruffled.
this flower has wide and soft pink petals and a fuchsia mouth.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a bell shape
this flower has frilly pinkish lavender petals with a trumpet shape coming from it with magenta throat.

this is a pink flower with long, hallow petals with white tips.
this flower's long, spotted purple petals cover its pistil, and its pedicel is slightly purplish as well.
this dropping flower has large conjoined pointed petals in shades of mottled purple.
pedicels are brown in color,the petals are curled and are brown white in color
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower droops down with petals in mottled designs of pink and purple.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has purple petals that have pink dots on them
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted purple in color and the inner stamen is the colowhiter.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pedicel.

this flower has green pistil and bright red petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with a flowery stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and wavy.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the petals of this flower are red with a yellow pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are red colored.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has large red petals with rounded edges that are wrapped around a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has as big style
this flower has a tiny central pod surrounded by thick, wide red petals.

the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled along the edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.
this bright red flower has smooth petals that curl outwards and back, revealing white stamens.
this flower has red petals with divided edges and yellow anthers.
this flower has conjoined red petals which are soft and round-edged.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow patch
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow patch

this flower is white nd pink in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
this is a light colored beautiful flower with many petals.
a large cluster of four petaled and fringed pale pink petals are held at the top of a plant.
a flower with large ragged white petals and long thin white stamen.
this flower has a lot of white petals with outer ridges and a long pink stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has four white petals with fringed edges and a long white pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and are bunched together
this flower has wide white petals with a pink tint and serrated edges.
the white four petal blossoms form a flat cover over the top of the leaves.

this bright yellow flower has white anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has a small yellow petal that has a white anther in the middle
this flower has petals that are dark yellow with red tips.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are roounded.
this plant has several blooms on a stem; each bloom has four bright yellow petals, many of which have red edges.
this flower has yellow clustered petals with green leaves surrounding it.
beautiful small yellow flower that has petals which are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the stamen those are sticking out from the centre
this flower has small and rounded yellow petals with darker veined accents.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and rounded.

this flower has an indigo center surrounded by long purple petals with rounded edges.
the pedals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
a flower with purple petals and yellow anther filaments showing.
leaves are green in color,the petals are smaller and are purple in color
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
a bright velvet group of flowers with a gold and gray center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has wite stigma
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has a ring of light purple oblong petals.

the spherical flower has petals that are yellow, soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this yellow flower has a abundance of long slender petals layered upon each other
a yellow flower with lots of small pointed petals and a tiny yellow stigma.
the flower has many petals, all of them are yellow. they're yellow stigma too.
bright yellow flower with long petals almost like a koosh ball
a flower with short and narrow petals that is yellow.
this flower has many small thin yellow petals with a yellow stamen.
this fluffy yellow blossom is made up of thin petals folding out from the center and protruding from the whole surface.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this red flower has bright yellow flower-shaped print in the middle.
these are red and yellow petals on this flower that are shaped like a clover
the flower is red with yellow colored central region forming a star and also it has petals that are soft, smooth and separated
the tips of the petals are red in color while the inside of the petals are yellow in color.
five spade shaped petals that are bright red on the outside and bright yellow on the inside with a distinct circle shaped hole in the center of the flower leading to the pistil.
there are many flowers with bright red petals and a bright yellow center with green leaves.
this small flower has many red florets of 5 petals each with yellow centers.
this flower has red petals that have yellow in the center
the petals on this flower are mostly deep red and yellow inners in color and the inner stamen is the color black.

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with small crimson petals with flowing red and white stamen leading into a central manyfold pollen tube cluster.
this flower has red thin like petals and white and yellow pistil.
this flower has a large red petal and a bright white anther filament
the flower has red petals with yellow and white pollen tubes in the center
this burgundy flower has 8 prominent stamen surrounded by a layer thin filament like petals and a layer of fuller petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the flower is has petals that are maroon in color and a center that is white in color.
this flower has maroon petals underneath and then long hair-like petals on the top.
the flower has large red pedals with long red and white needle like pedals and bright yellow stamen

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pale pink with green pedicel.
the most distinctive aspect of the flower is its light fushia purple tones
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with ruffled edges
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower has triangle shaped lavender to white petals on a green pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has small yellow receptacles and sepals that open up into a blossom with light purple petals.
these flowers have soft lavender petals attached to green pedicels.

this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with no visible petals and lavender pistils protruding from the top.
the flower has many tiny purple petals and a large spiky green receptacle.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
the top of the thorny plant has a bloom that is purple in color and a green sepal.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are green and very stringy
the base of this flower is a spiny ball with light purple stamen protruding from the top in a bunch.
this flower has green petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has very many small and spiky green sepals underneath a disk-shaped collection of thin purple petals.

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this pink flower has the overlapping petals on a prominent reddish pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and darker at the bottom.
the flower has petals that are pink with brown pedicel.
the flower has a weird looking set of petals that are curly and pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is bright pink in color, with thin and wavy petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower green petals with dark green filaments and pink anthers.
this unusually-shaped flower has petals which are dark pink in the area closer to the flower's pedicel and which become lighter pink toward the other end.

the flower has five individual flowers that have pink and yellow petals.
this tall red and yellow flower has a thick green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are pink with a yellow center
this flower has oddly shaped petals that vary in shades of purple and yellow.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are uneven and bunched together.,
the ruffled petals vary in color from light yellow to orange to pink and the pedicel is green.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are red and has shades of yellow
a flower with many purple and yellow petals hanging from a green stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are peach fading to yellow.
this flower has multiple layers of peach and light yellow colored petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has many straight amber and yellow colored petals.
this red yellow and white flower has many layers of pointed pedals and green sepals.
a flower that has small petals with a yellow ovary.
this particular flower has petals that are short and pointed with yellow and light brown

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming a disc like shape
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
the flower has petals that are flat, orange and red, with white stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are red in some spots.
the petals of this flower are peach and the pedicel is green
this flower has vividly bright orange petals with red coloring around the edges and a light yellow stamen.
this flower has petals which have yellow, orange and red on them.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading

this flower has overlapping petals with serrated edges in shades of pink and fuchsia.
the petals are pink in color,the anthers are white in color
this flower has unique colored petals, that are light pink on the outer rim, and dark pink near the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the petals are light pink on the outer edge and center and a darker shade of pink near the middle, which contrasts with the white and green stamen.
a large group of pink, red, and white flowers with a green and white stigma center.
the flower is round with long green/white pistols and pinks in its large petals.
the pink petals have dark pink speckles and the stamens are light pink and green.
this light pink and red flower has rounded petals and white stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red circle

this flower has petals that are white and yellow shading
flower are white in color with some yellow patches and the petals are rounded in shape
this flower has five smooth white petals which are rounded and have yellow centers.
this flower is rose shaped with white overlapping petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white and yellow petals that swirl together
this flower has white petals in a spiral shape with yellow centers.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with yellow centers.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have an inside that is yellow in color.
this flower has rounded white and yellow petals in a spiral configuration.

a pom pom of many brightly colored yellow petals form into a globular ball.
this bright yellow flower has many petals in the shape of mini trumpets and work together to make up a perfect ball, in the center the stamen are sunken down and are a light green.
flower has petals that are numerous overlapping and yellow with yellow stamen.
the flower has a lot of small and yellow colored petals with it's center in a green shade.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
the flower has very small yellow petals which form a circle and sit on a thin green pedicel.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny yellow petals which are very ruffled.
this flower has yellow petals and are in a ruffled ball shape
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this is a red flower with many petals and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
a flower with red petals surrounding a short, flat stigma.
this flower has small red petals which are smooth and very rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
a flower with short and wide petal that are red.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.
this flower has many petals that are a deep coral color with deep green leaves.

the flower has dark green leaves with petal that is white in color with yellow anthers
this flower is round and its petals are bright white with a yellow pistil
the flower has an umbrella shaped petal that is white and round.
this flower has a single white petal with yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has large white petals with small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is a open cone shape with a yellow center and white staimin.
this flower appears to have one petal that surround the entire flower with some scattered folds or ruffles.
this flower has a large white funnel shaped petal with a yellow ovary.

this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow stamen
petals are broader and aare larger in size,they are yellow in color
the flower shown has several yellow petals, and yellow anthers.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
the petas are yellow in color with a red color at the bottom having stamens with anthers
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
a yellow flower with five yellow petals surrounding a center filled with light yellow stamen.
this flower has bright red yellow petals that have a wrinkled texture.
trumpet-shaped, yellow petals which have a deep red at it's base; sparse stamens with long, thick filaments.

the flower is yellow that has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged overlapping each other and forming bowl like shape
this flower has yellow petals, yellow stamen and a green stem among green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled over on the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are overlapping, yellow and orange.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded inwards
this bloom is bright yellow with big petals wrapping closely around the center.
this flower has layers of wide and smooth yellow petals surrounding a yellow center.
this vibrant yellow flower is starting to open in the morning sun.
this flower is very yellow in color and is shaped very much like an orb.

a orange flower with a large stigma accompanied by black pistils and anther filaments.
the flower has rounde petals that are beige in color with many stamens and anters
this flower has large yellow petals and a stigma that is brown
this flower has petals that are orange with long stigma
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has wide and rounded yellow petals with red veins.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has purple and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the green-yellow petals of this flower are veined in red, with a green five-pronged star pattern at the center where the prominent pistil emerges.

this purple flower has large petals with a pink splotch pattern on the inside of the petal and pink stamens.
five ruffled pink petals, the upper three having darker pink speckles, form a star shape around their long, gray and pink stamens.
this pink flower has petals sprinkled with red while the stamen stand out from the stigma.
pink flower with long lengthy pink stigmas.
the pinkish purple petals of this flower make it star-shaped with a point in the middle and dark pink dots are on the top and the filaments and anthers are folded to the side and dark pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has light pink petals arranged in a star-like pattern with a bright pink pistil and lighter stamen.
the thin petals are a pale pink color with deeper pink spots along some of the petals.
a pink flower with brown anther, pink stigma and the leaves are green
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

the petals of this flower are blue and white with a long stigma
the petals of the flower are purple in color with green filaments extending from the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with purple edges and green stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of white and stringy stamen
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are blue on the tips.
this flower has a couple of layers of white pointed petals with blue tips and prominent, upright green pistils.
this flower has petals that are blue and white and has green stamen
a prickly flower with light blue petals surround long drooping green stamen.
a lfower with long and narrow petal that are white with blue tips.

this flower has pointed yellow stamen surrounded by petals which are large and bright purple.
this flower is dark purple in color with five large petals surrounding a group of several stamin in its center.
a dark purple large pedaled flower with a spiky white center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the purple petals are narrow at the center and wide at the ends; there are five of them surrounding the yellow and white center with its pointed filaments.
this flower has five purple petals that surround very long yellow stamen.
a flower with petals that are long and pointed that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has a small bunch of thick white stamen surrounded by five bright purple petals.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.

pedicela re gtreen in color and the flower is pink in color
this flower has purple and white petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are purple with white in the middle
the flower is round and has purple petals that are triangle shaped.
the flower has smooth, round, purple petals with a white center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has a single funnel-shaped pink petal with a white ovary.
this flower has pink petals tinged with white in the center.

this flower has a petal that is pink in color and it has a green stigma in the center
this flower has a ring of round pink petals and a row of spiky pale pink petals and a pistil that separates into multiple stigmas.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wilted.
the stamen are larger with anthers that are green in color
this flower has large green leaves, with yellow stigma and both pointy and broader rounded petals.
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has very long white filaments over top of a layer of oblong pink petals and with large green stamen.
this flower has green stamen, purple and white anther filaments and pink and white petals.
this flower has petals that arepink and has stringy stamen
this flower has large white and pink petals with a light green pistil.

the flower has many narrow oval yellow petals and yellow stamen.
a flower with many long narrow petals, and yellow stamen
this flower consists of thin, yellow petals that are elevated by a long pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are small and oval shaped.
this flower has multiple rows of narrow yellow petals and yellow filaments and anthers.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of thin fringe-like shiny yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this is a sort of sunflower with yellow petals and a darkish stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow with brown stamen
this flower has brown pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
pedicel are green in color,petals are yellow in color
this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a black stamen
multiple rows of pale yellow petals surround a large brown center and the leaves are large and dark green.
this flower has a wide brown center and layers of tapered yellow petals.
this flower is large with many small and narrow petals around a large style with many seeds.

this flower has pink petals and a green pollen tube along with orange stigma.
this flower has a very prominent stamen cluster surrounded by pink large petals.
the flower has white petals with a yellow stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with big stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
a flower with white petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower has five overlapping pale pink petals surrounding a protruding yellow stamen.
this flower is pink, green, and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big style
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have thick stamen in the center.

this flower has small red petals that are stacked onto one another
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are small.
the pretty flower has small yellow petals with a long stem.
sparse yellow and white petals with a light purple sepal supporting them.
the flower has yellow petals that are lip shaped and an alternating spike formation.
this flower has vertical red petals with thin small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
a dark brown long flower with a golden pedals attached to it.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has small yellow petals extending out of a reddish pedicel.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this f;ower has long white petals that grow away from the center and fold back at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with purple shading
tall, hat looking, blue flower.
leaves are green in color,flower is light purple in color
this flower has a white color with a little lavender coloration toward the ends.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has white petals that form into a bell shapee
a flower with one petal that is connected and curled outwards.
this flower has short green spiky sepals holding its all white bell shaped petals.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a center made of yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with ark pink center and yellow stamen.
this deep pink scalloped edge flower has a yellow center stamen with a touch of deep burgundy around it's outer edges.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this pretty pink flower has long scalloped petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

long pink flowers with long, thin petals that curl back and away from a pink pistil.
this flower has a long pink petal with a dark pink stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
a flower with lilac petals and whiteish purple stamen.
the flower has many smaller and needle shaped light purple petals with pink stamen wih large anthetrs
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
light pink flower that has a line of dark pink going up the pedicel with many anthers in each flower that has 6 flowers branching off one pedicel.
this flower has a brighter pink receptacle with thin lighter petals that have curly ends.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

this flower has one large white petal with a cone shaped beige pistil and dark green leaves.
this flower has a large white petal, and one long yellow stigma in the middle
large white petal with a large golden piston in a bed of green leaves.
the green colored flower has a laarge white colored petal with one longer hanging stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower has one big white petal and a very prominent stigma.
this flower has a single large white petal with a curled edge and a large yellow pistil.
this flower is made up of one very large white petal that has a yellow stamen through the middle.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen wrapped in a thick white petal with a pointed tip.

the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around stamens
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have thin white filaments.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled over.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with white pistil
this is a white flower with overlapping petals and a hit of light pink toward the receptacle.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled back.
this flower has petals that are white and has a flowery stigma
the flower has round soft white petals with white stamen.
this flower has large all white petals with rounded edges that overlap each other and tall white stamen.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this is a pretty white flower with yellow on the inside of the petal.
the petals of the flower have overlapping folds and are light yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower has large white and yellow petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and yellow near the center.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
a yellow and white flower with it's petals in a pin will formation and very small yellow stigma at it's center.

sepals are green in color,they have yellow petals that are rounded in shape
this flower has yellow petals and white stamen with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this is a small yellow flower with large petals and white anther filaments.
this flower has short but thick white stamen and four rounded bright yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
small white pistil are in the center of the bright yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that have orange veins.
these yellow flowers has burgundy closed bulbs that have to bloom

this flower has bright yellow petals with a greenish yellow ovary
this flower has petals that are yello with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are yellow, soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner around the clustered disc of stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this is a flower with a large pistil and yellow pointy petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and the leaves of the flower are green in color.
this flower has dark green sepals behind bright yellow petals that surround a large pistil.

the petals of the flower are yellow and white and curl around
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a cluster of flowers with yellowish white petals and no visible pistils.
the flower has a very smooth white and yellow petal with red pedicel
leaves are dark green in color,petals are white and yellow in color
this flower has large white petals that are yellow towards the center and a red pedicel.
this flower has wide, very smooth white petals with yellow centers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white and yellow egg shaped petals and purple sepal.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are point at the tip.
this pink flower, with a green pedicel, has many upright petals that hide the stamen.
the flower has petals that are upright and pink with dark pink tips.
this flower has pointed pink petal and no visible stigma in the center
the flower has pink and white petals with a green pedicel and sepal
this flower has large pink petals that curve upward, and overlap in an alternating manor.
multiple rows of bright pink diamond shaped petals sitting on a bright green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
a pointy bowl shaped flower that is purple in color.
this flower has pink pointed petals and a thin pedicel.

this flower has petals that are white with white filaments and red anthers.
this flower has a lot of white petals with a pink center, a white stamen, and brown anthers
this pale pink flower has four petals slightly apart and pink stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the stamen are many in number wih larger anthers
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink line
this flower has tall, thin white filaments with darker anthers and sparse white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has stamen that are very skinny and long.
this flower has four white petals with hues of pink in them with a long white and pink pistil and stamen.
flower with large white diamond shaped petals scarcely surrounding a group of long stamen

this flower has orange petals and green pedicel as its main features
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
these flowers has a orange color to the petals with brown in the middle
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow patches
these flowers have round orange petals with smooth edges and orange stamen in the center of it.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a flower with rounded and short petals that are orange.
this flower has a yellow ovary and short orange filaments surrounded by rounded orange petals.

a flower with large white and pink petals with red tips and dark brown pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white-pinkish in color, which turn purple near the pistil.
this is a white flower with a dark pink tip and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with a spot of purple
this flower has light purple petals leading to a darker purple center.
this flower has a unique shape the petals are pink and dark pink
this white and purple flower has rounded petals a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
this delicate flower has several vertical white petals that come to a base of deep crimson.

this flower has pretty yellow petals with a green pedicel.
there are bright yellow colored petals on outer edge and a trumpet shaped center.
yellow petals rumpled back with lengthwise striations, building to a small cone.
this flower has petals that are yellow with ruffled edges
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this bright flower is monochromatic, with yellow petals and stamen but with a green pedicel.
this flower has a tube of ruffled yellow surrounded by tapered yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with wavy and wilted petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a bell shape
a flower with long and pointed petals that is yellow.

this flower has white anther and purple petals as its main features
this flower has five large purple petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals on this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and has a small style
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and rounded in shape.
a fragile deep lilac purple with few large petals that meet at the core center with a visible white stamen.
this is a purple flower with five petals that turns dark purple toward the receptacle.
a flower with pointed petals that are purple.

this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have yellow veins.
sepals are green in color,petals are white green in color
the flower has white petals with a white stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pale yellow and yellow stamen.
the bloom of the flower is bell-shaped and is white in color with a green stem.
this flower has white petals with light green veins and white stamen.
this flower has conjoined ruffled petals with light green veins.
this flower has large white petals with small white stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

what are the two different colors that are present on the petals of these flowers?
this beautiful flower has five long white and yellow pedals.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow details toward the center.
this flower has large white and yellow petals that form a pinwheel shape around the ovule.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a group of white and yellow flowers with large oval pedals.
this flower has five very smooth white petals with yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flowers had white petals with yellow in the middle with oval shaped sepals that have stripes
this flower has five white and yellow petals that come together to a star shape.

dainy purple flowers with 5 petals going from a mid purple down to a very light purple.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
these small light purple flowers have rounded petals and are clustered together.
a flower with purple and white petals and small white stamen
this flower has heart-shaped lavender petals with a white center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
this flower has small pink petals and a yellow center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin.
these pretty light purple flower has a lot of small petals
this flower has light purple petals that are smooth in texture.

the petals are narrow and pointed and yellow with brownish centers while the stamen is also yellow.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by pointed yellow petals with vertical red stripes in their centers.
a large yellow flower with dark stripes and a golden center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
this flower has wide tapered yellow petals with central vertical red stripes.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are yellow with red down the middle.
this flower has yellow petals and orange stripes going through them
this flower has yellow petals and orange stripes going through them

this flower is unique because the petals look like they're all stuck together
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are white in the center.
pedicel are green in color,the petals are blue in color
the flower is blue with its petal that are soft, smooth, fused together and enclosing the stamen in the centre
this flower has a large surface area with purple petals and a small white anther.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower is one large blue petal with violet vertical lines and yellow to white deep in the center.
this vibrant violet flower has streaks of white stretching out from its dull, off white center pistil.
this flower has five smooth and soft conjoined blue petals with faint purple accents.
a purple flat petaled pentagon shaped flower with a white stigma peeking out of the cone center.

this deep yellow flower is covered with full, ruffled petals.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
the flower has smaler alternating green plants with more closely parked bright yellow colored petals
the petals of the flower are orange and cover the stigma, the pollen tube and the stamen.
this flower has a lot of bright orange petals on it with no stamen in sight
this spherically-shaped flower has seemingly hundreds of small, short, bright orange, delicate and wavy petals.
the bloomed flower has bright orange petals and a green pedical.
flowers resemble a ball cluster of yellow petals folder over in individual trumpet shapes.
this flower has petals that are orange and ruffled together
a flower with petals that are yellow and bunched togther.

a flower with five pointed individual yellow and white petal and white stamen.
this flower has five papery and fragile white petals that have darker greenish yellow veins.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that have small veins.
the flower has petals that are white and star shaped.
these petals are white with edges the are rough and uneven.
this flower has a ruffled star shape comprised of conjoined soft white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
the flower has one, white, five lobed petal, with green veins running through them.
the petals are white with ruffled edges and form a star shape around the stamen.

a tall purple flower with multiple purple petals with dark spots.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower is made up of layers of pink and purple blooms that have dark speckles.
these bell shaped light purple flowers have black spots inside them.
this flower has purple petals with dark spots in some areas
this flower has pink petals with purple dots on them
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and vertically layered.
this flower has a pink color and forms a hollow area that is speckled.
this flower has broad purple petals and is vertically oriented.
this flower has a light purple bell shaped petal with dark purple spots in it.

this peach colored flower has yellow filament and anthers, the sepal and petal blend in.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower shown has green pedicel with bright colored orange petals
this flower has large wide orange petals with red veins.
this orange flower has a single row of round fan shaped petals, and a grouping of yellow stamens in the center. there also appears to be yellow sepals at the base of each petal.
a yellow flower with the anther and stamen and the green leaves are big
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower's petals are an orangeish-yellow color and have many small yellow filament near the base of each petal.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled.
this flower has orange petals that have sparse yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center
the petals on this flower are various colors, sorry i don't know which flower you mean here.
this flower has dark red petals, and black anther and black filament.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are ruffled.
these flowers have colorful large petals which are unified and have a trumpet like structure.
a flower with many different color petals that curl backwards.
a white, red and purple flowers.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that has slightly irregular edges and prominent veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has wide white petals and a small green stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled back.
long and narrow purple petals with darker purple vertical stripes from the center to the end of each petal.
this very beautiful and attractive purple flower has many blades or nerves, and the shape of it is synonymous to leaves.
the alternating petals are large and light purple in color with rounded yellow stamens
these thin, purple petals are in a symmetrical orientation around the stamen of the flower.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower is small and round with purple petals and tiny stems.
the petals of the flower is a vibrant pink color, with shades of purple near the base.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a single slightly overlapping ring of ribbed purple petals in a ray formation.

outer petals are green in color,inner petals are pink in color
this flower has petals that are white with pink trim
this flower has pointed, thin, pink petals, which surround a circle of stamens.
a flower with light pink petals and lavender anther filaments and green pistils.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a wide white center and spiky layers of pink-tipped white petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink near the tips.
this flower has pink and white petals and a large, half dome shaped stamen.
this flower has spiky pink and white petals spaced far apart and surrounding the yellow filaments with white anthers.

pedicela re green inc olor,petals are folded and are light pink in color
the flower shown has pink petals and several pink stamen.
this pale pink flower has long, slender petals and really long pale pink stamen.
this flower has long thin pink stamen surrounded by long thin pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin
this flower has skinny pink petals with curled edges oriented in the opposite direction of the long stamen.
this pink has long, narrow petals, in a star-shaped pattern, with a prominent pistil.
thin, long, pink-white petals with long, pale pink stamen.
the flower has several light pink skinny petals, and light pink filaments.

this flower has petals that are yellow with red center center
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is bright orange with overlapping petals and a tan pistil.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this is a flower with round shaped orange petals and a white pistil.
this is a cluster of flowers mostly yellow with some orange leaves and filaments the in the middle of the leaves.
this flower has small yellow and orange petals with a white pistil.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has short white stamen with small orange petals in an overlapping arrangement.

the flower has blue petals and the anthers are facing upwards.
this flower has long thick green stamen surrounded by small pointed petals in a shade of pale blue.
this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of pointed separated periwinkle colored petals with swirled stamen in the middle.
this flower has short grass like leaves and stems, and light blue petals, a white ovule, and green stamen.
this flower is light blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of small and pointy-tipped pale blue petals.
this flower has a couple of a layers of blue petals surrounding a group of large green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen

the flower shown has smooth white and yellow petals with green pedicel
this flower has petals that are white with yellow towards the center
the flower shown has five white petals with yellow in the center.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has oval petals that are white with alittle yellow at the bottom.
the flower has five white petals that turn creamy yellow toward the center.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a red pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals oval shaped.
a flower with a long and narrow petal that is white and yellow.
this flower has five light purple and yellow petals that overlap near the pistil.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and dark dots
this flower has the yellow petals dotted with pink holding the prominent pinkish filament with the yellow anthers at the tip
the flower shown has purple petals and yellow pistil which are its dominant features
this flower has long red petals and long white stamen with yellow anthers on it
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has orange petals that have bright dark pink spots on them
this flower has a yellow stem with a green receptacle and sparse petals that are pink with darker spots on them.
this flower has yellow and pink petals with spots and large stamen.

this pink flower has many rows of petals shaded with white color with the multi-color pistils at the middle
the flower is spotted but the main color of it is pink.
this flower has bright pink speckled petals with a center area of short stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with white dots
this flower has triangular pointed pink petals with white accents which are veined and leaflike.
this flower has pink and white petals with pointed edges.
this flower has pink splotched petals and green and pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this flower has long petals in pink with white dots and a orange and green stigma.
this flower has petals of bright pink with white pink spots that get smaller closure to the pistil.

this pale yellow flower has several rows of smooth rounded leaves that come to a brief point and the rows are closer together in the center.
velvety smooth white petals layered with the innermost petals a soft yellow that hide the pistil.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and pale yellow.
a beautiful yellow rose with a small bud in the center
this flower is white in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this is a yellow flower with many overlapping petals that are tightly oriented.
a flower with rose like yellow-white leaves on top of a firm green stem
this flower has layers of pale yellow petals which are smooth and rounded.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several layers of pointed, upturned white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the smooth white petals surround the yellow stamen in the center
several large, leaf-like white petals surround a nest of stringy yellow stamen.
the flower has a white set of petals with it's stamen in a light yellow shade.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this open flower consists of three outer rows of white tear-drop shaped petals and an inner section of small, bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the almond-shaped petals are light cream colored and surround the bright yellow stamens.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

delicate lavender fringe covers the surface of this flower, with multiple rust-edged sepal below it.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the petals appear to be low on the plant and are pointy and green while the bright purple stamen are the most visible part.
this flower has thick spiked green petals surrounding a top of fringed, hair-like purple.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen
the flower has a green hard petal with many lavendar stamens around the dark rust pollen tube
the purple petals are long and thin and clustered on a green and brown pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.

this flower has petals that are pinjk with many layers
a flower with pink petals pointed upwards
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has pink petals, a green sepal, and green pedicel.
this is a flower with pink curved petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals of this flower are light pink and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has upturned layers of pale pink petals with pointed tips.
this pink flower has multiple layers of petals that reach the center in a beautiful star shape, with a huge leaf on its stem.

pedicel are brown in color,petals are maroon and black in color
the petals of this flower are magenta with a short stigma
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
the petals of the flower are dark red and have spots on them with a brown stem.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping downward.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has a unique color and shape with long stem
this flower has an overturned cup-like arrangement of wide petals with pointed tips that are dark pink with lighter spots.

a flower with long pink petals and raised orange stamen.
flower with an orange and yellow spiky center and large, droopy petals.
the flower is big with pink petals that are pointing bent downwards with bunch of stamen that are sticking out in the centre
the long pink petals in this flower hang off of the prominent orange spikes that make up the central stamen.
flower with long yellow stamen and pink long petals.
this flower has long pink petals and orange stamens.
this flower has has bright pink petals, that droop downwards and red and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has long slender bright pink petals that surround a large pompom center that is orange and yellow.
a light pink flower with long pedals and a large brown stigma center.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this pink flower has several layers of pointed oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are dark pink and pointed with green pedicel.
this flower has smooth pink petals with pointed tips, which are slightly upturned.
this flower has delicate petals which are pink and are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of white
this pink flower has many large almond shaped leaves and a long stem.
this flower has a small sepal, long pedicel and layers of pink flowers that darken at the very tips.
light pink petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has many medium-sized, oval-shaped pink petals, a couple very small green sepals, a long green pedicel.

the flowers are pink and white in color, he stamens are shorter and white
this flower has five overlapping petals of pink and white with slightly serrated edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with pink around the edges
this flower has light pink petals with a dark pink mark on it, and there are green stamen on it as well
this flower has rounded white and fuchsia petals with very serrated edges.
this flower has four fan shaped petals that are striped in white and red and than pink closer to the pistil.
these flowers have red and white petals with round wavy edges and green stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges

the flower shown has thin white petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are white with a hint of purple around the edges, with a yellow middle.
the flower shown has white petals as its main feature, with a yellow pollen tube.
the flower has a smooth white petal with a yellow pollen tube
this flower has thick white petals and a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower has a yellow stamen and layers of upturned white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pink at the tips.
the flower has white petals frosted with pink at the tips with a prominent yellow and red stigma.

the petals of this flower are lavender with a short stigma
this flower has large purple petals and a large yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with a ruffled texture
the flower has round petals that are quite large for its size.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled in appearance.
a flower with four petals that are short and wide and light purple.
a simple flower with pastel purple non overlapping petals with yellow and white stamen and pistil.
this flower has purple petals with small and yellow stamen in the middles
five broad lavendar petals circle yellow stamin with white stigma center.
this flower has five round, smooth purple petals which are soft and veined.

the petals on this flower are yellow with a brown stripe.
these sun-shaped flowers have yellow petals with dark orange stripes in the middle accompanied by a flower head containing stamens and pistils.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the two layered sun flower has bright yellow petals with orange striations that surround a green and yellow center.
this flower has a double row of elongated yellow petals that all have a maroon stripe down the center.
this flower has big pointed yellow petals that radiate from the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
this flower has brightly colored petals that are yellow and red.
vibrant petals that extend forward and fold ever so slightly, the yellow is very bright.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with several layers of pointed, waxy looking red and orange petals.
this flower has alternating and stacked orange, red, pink, and green petals.
the flower has a lot of sharp and very thick orange and red petals.
the flower on this plant lacks petals but has several rows of orange to red sepals.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with pointed oval shaped petals.
this flower has shiny orange petals with pointed edges and yellow stamen in the center.
this pink and yellow flower has tubular, spike-shaped petals and a centralized stigma emerging from the top.
sharp narrow orange petals with red tips tall stigma and reflective surface
a flower with hard leaves that are an orange color.

this bright pink flower with numerous widely unfolded petals and closely packed yellow stamen sits on large broad green leaves and floats on water.
leaves are green in color,petals are pink in color and anthers re yellow
this pink flower has several layers of pointed, teardrop shaped petals and thick, curly, yellow stamen.
this flower has stiff, thick pink petals around a large center of yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has dense stout yellow stamen surrounded by layers of pointed pink petals.
the petals are pointed and pink and the anther is bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center and upturned layers of pale pink petals.

this flower has long white petals and a large yellow stigma in the center
the flower has a thick yellow stigma that is quite large and multiple white petals.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with white erect petals and a big yellow stigma.
a flower with white petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower has pure white petals with a large bright yellow stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has round white petals with a big yellow style
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming a bowl like shape with yellow stamen in the centre
this white flower has smooth elongated petals and its bright yellow pistil is almost cylindrical in shape.

the flower has as flat yellow petal with yellow and green stamen
the flower has rounded yellow petals and numerous yellow anthers with a complex pistil.
the petals on this flower are yellow and very round and yellow anthers in the middle.
the flower has a set of circular shaped petals that's all yellow in color.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has slightly overlapping yellow petals whose edges are soft and very smooth.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
paper thin, textured bright yellow rounded petals with light green center and yellow stamen.
this flower has a shallow cup-like formation of shiny yellow petals.

this flower has light purple petals and dark purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple with red dots
this flower has dark purple petals with purple anthers on it
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
the stamens are longer with larger black anthers
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has bright blue anthers atop of pink stamen and surrounded by bright pink petals with small dark lines marking them.
this particular flower has petals that are purple a light pink
this flower has petals that are pink and has black lines

the pretty flower has petals the look short like spikes.
the flower has petals of a purple hue and no visible stamen.
this flower features a prominent ovary containing white stamens and small white petals.
this flower consists out of many small light purple flowers some of them blooming and some being rolled.
the ovary of the plant is made of various colors and patterns including white filaments and has a thick white stalk.
this flower has a rounded ball of tiny pale blue blossoms.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has spiky white petals and a white pedicel.
this flower has spiked hair attached to a thick pedicel.

the red flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around a bunch of stamen
the petals of the flower are red in color and have anthers that are yellow.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are rounded in shape.
bright red rounded petals surround a small white stamen and stigma.
the flower shown has tiny red petals with white pistil as well
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has small white stamen in the middle of four rounded red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small rounded red petals and a white pistil.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower features long purple leaves completely obscuring the ovary.
this flower is pink in color with long skinny petals and a green pedicel.
this flower shown has purple petals which are very large and thin like paper
the long pink petals cover over the stamen and pistil.
this flower has a unique set of white-pink petals that are tall in stature.
this is a pink flower with long petals that flex upward.
this flower has tall light pink petals with slightly pointed edges arranged in an upright position.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and oval shaped.
the flower is growing on a branch, with long, pointed purple and white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin

this flower has petals that are white and many yellow stamen.
petals are many nad are white in color,the stamen are many with larger yellow anthers
the flower has white petals with a lot of yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
the big white flower has petals that are soft and separately arranged with bunch of yellow stamen sticking out from the centre
the flower has seven white petals with pronounced veins surrounding a mass of gold colored anthers.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil has a lot of yellow

this flower is right in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has petals that are orange with orange filaments.
the flowers are in bunches and are made of red petals.
these small flowers are bright red and have smooth petals with rounded edges.
the flower has red petals grouped closely together and rounded green leaves.
this flower has orange petals, and a prominent pistil and stamen.
these small red flowers grow in bunches, with rounded off petals and barely visible stamens/anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
a large group of small red flowers and a red stigma center.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.

a flower with single conical open petal, yellow sepals, and green pedicel
the petals are pure white and there are green veins coming upwards onto the white petals.
the flower has petals that are wavy on the edges and are white.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have yellow veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
these are white, cup-shape flowers have petals with ruffled edges and get increasingly yellow as it reaches the pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of green
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple and white with yellow stigma
the flower has light pink and white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has long white petals and a yellow stigma in the center
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has purple and white petals with yellow stamen on a green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this large flower has numerous light pink petals and a very large pistil and stamen.
this flower has white petals with purple tips and a cone shaped yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma

the petals are rounded in shape and bright pink in color
this flower has bright purple petals that are slightly pointed at the end.
this flower has a purple petal and a white group of anthers in the middle
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a bright pink flower with large, pointed petals, white stamen, and a yellow stigma.
this flower has large purple petals with long white stamens.
deep plumb sepals that appear as petals with narrow and light yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has large purple petals that are approximately half as wide as they are long.
this flower has short white stamen surrounded by dark pink petals.

this small flower has small pale yellow petals and short, yellow stamen in the center.
this yellow flower has five heart shaped petals and a small lighter yellow stigma.
these short stodgy yellow petal flowers with its backdrop against green leaves has a calming effect.
this flower has several small yellow blossoms with rounded petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flower have a clover like shape, and the petals are a vibrant yellow color.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has shades of orange
these small flowers are grouped together and have yellow petals, a yellow ovule, and large green leaves.
these flowers are small and have pale yellow heart shaped petals with darker yellow in the center.
this flower has small golden blossoms compared to its large green leaves.

this flower is bell-shaped and has soft, wide pale purple feathers.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cone.
one large purple petal that has the formation of a funnel and fans out at the top into a translucent white color.
there is a cone-shaped flower, purple on the outside and white on the inside, with flat lips that split into six petals, sprouting from a fringed brown and green stalk.
the flower has a white and purple petal shaped in a tube
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and is bell shaped
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a white stamen.
a flower with dark pink petals on the exterior and colored white in the interior.
this flower has a wide mouthed trumpet shape and pale pink petals which curl open at the mouth.

a group of flowers with pink petals and yellow anther filaments in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has heart shaped pink petals with yellow pistil.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
a pink flower with yellow pistils and thin green leaves
a light lavender/pink bloom with frilly edges and a round yellow pistil with brown dots.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are uneven along the tips.
this flower has bright pink petals that surround the bright yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the petals of this flower are lavender with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with pointy ends
each lavender petal on this flower looks like a feather and is spiked.
the flower has spiky needle shaped anthers that are purple in color
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower is white and purple in color, with pointy and sharp petals.
flower has a round purple ovule with irregular long thin purple spiky petals.
this flower has pale purple petals that are thin with tiny spines protruding all the way down, and a round center that looks prickly.
leaves deep purple fading to white with small floret center
this flower has pointy and purple petals with a big green style

this is a purple flower with a yellow pollen center,
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are flat on the ends.
this large purple flower has bright yellow stamen and waxy petals.
the flat, light purple petals, featuring wavy edges and slight creases, are arranged in a near-perfect circle around the bright yellow stamens.
the petals of the flower are hot pink and have a textured appearance.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals that are ribbed and has a yellow middle.
this flower has small yellow stamen surrounded by pink ribbed petals.
this flower has a little round grouping of yellow anther with rippled looking pinkish purple petals.
it has eight purple petals surrounding many short yellow stamens.

the white petals of this flower wrap around the center in a tube like formation.
the flowers of the plant are made of white petals and have brown stems.
these flowers have white petals, brown stems and green leaves.
this flower is white in color with large white petals and brown pedecil.
there are multiple white flowers with long, separated petals and the centers of the flowers are not visible from this angle.
this flower is characterized by its white, seemingly striated petals that come off the plant in every direction.
this flower has long twisting white petals on a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and are folded together
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and curly.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.

the cream white round petals overlapping with triangular, white, wrinkled petals
the five white petals are arranged symmetrically around the cluster of yellow pistils.
the light sand colour flower had a two layer with a lot of stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and wilted.
a white/pale yellow flower with both rounded and triangular petals, and fuzzy pale yellow stamen.
this flower has five rounded white petals surrounded by five pointed white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a white flower with a star shape behind five yellow petals circling many yellow stamen.
this flower has a star-like configuration of white sepals underneath small rounded white petals.

the plant has yellow petals that are needle shapded with blck colored stamen
this yellow petaled flower has a clump of black stamen in the direct center that look like niger seed.
long, thin, pointed, dirty yellow petals, some pointing up, others down, surround a dome of short black stamens on a tall, white stalk.
the flower shown has a green pedicel with yellow petals and black anther
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are long and skinny.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals oval shaped.
this flower has a single row of long narrow yellow petals with a dark brown stamen in the mkddle.
this flower has thin yellow petals and a large pistil that is black.
the petals of the flower are bright yellow in color with a dark black center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

this trumpet shapes flower has conjoined petals in a bright indigo shade.
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white center
this flower is trumpet shaped with a blue and purple color scheme on its petals.
the petals on this flower are purple with a white center.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this purple flower has violet petals that are light purple at the center.
a flower with wide petals that are blue and curl outwards.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant blue color, with the base of the petal a vibrant pink.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white center

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped in the center.
the flower shown has yellow and purple petals surrounding the yellow anther
a flower with yellow, orange, and brown petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow,red and black petals with many anthers.
the pointed complex petals are warm in tone, surrounding the lush stigma.
this flower has yellow leaves with red and brown centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stripes
this flower has brightly colored petals that are red and yellow and arranged in a ring.
the flower is big with yellow petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner around yellow bunch of stamens
this flower has tapered yellow petals with center vertical red stripes.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has pink petals with white spots on them and a dark pink stigma on it
a flower with five dotted pink and white petals and a folded over purple and red pistil.
the flower shown has purple and white petals as its main feature with yellow anther
the flower has one row of slightly pointed petals that are light purple with dark purple spots on them and has curling purple stigma that look like tentacles.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of white petals with purple spot and tall stamen and pistils at the center.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and dark dots
the petals of this flower are fuzzy and purple and white, and the pedicel is brown
there is a purple speckled flower in a star configuration with a deep purple stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

this flower has 6 pure white, oval shaped petals with a vibrant yellow pistil in the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by very smooth white petals with rounded edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers are mostly white but are slightly yellow in the center where the stamens are.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is a golden yellow
these flowers have soft white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

a pink flower with ruffled petals and a long orang pollen tube.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are dark near the center.
petals are pink in color,and are rounded in shape
this flower has petals that are pink with long style
this flower has petals that are pink with a pink center and yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has five round pink petals with ruffled edges and thin veins.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and round

the petals of this flower are red and yellow with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
the petals of the flower are red with yellow tips and have a red center.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are yellow on the tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
the petals are bright red with yellow tips and dark red veins and the stamen are clustered and dark red.
a distinctive flower with a large circular red center, and petals that start red and turn to yellow at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.

the white petals are surrounded by large sepals and only the stigma can be seen.
the flower has small petals that are heart shaped and white.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
a small flower with white rounded petals and dark green sepal.
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow center.
this flower has heart shaped petals that are white with yellow at the base.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with long and curved petals that are white with yellow center.
this flower has small heart-shaped white petals with a bright yellow center.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
a flower with billowing white petals and verdant bright green sepals.
this specimen is white but this family of plants can also produce pink flowers; the blooms are unusually shaped with the two main petals facing the front positioned vertically one above the other, and other petals to the back positioned horizontally.
the flower is made of white petals that are curled along the edges.
this flower has small green sepals surrounded by large, flat white petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has white petals that are crumpled at the edges
the petals of the flower are ruffled in appearance and are white in color.
this flower is white in color, with wavy and curled petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and wavy.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has large rounded light red petals with a green pedicel.
the flower is red with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged above the pedicel
this flower has petals that are large and dark orange.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower has large and very soft red petals with delicate veins.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and very thin.
this bright red flower has many petals and a very thin stem.
this flower has very colorful orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and are folded together

this flower has numerous green stamen with white anthers surrounded by overlapping rounded white petals.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with peach anther and green filament
this flower has white wide petals and olive green leaves.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this yellowish white flower with overlapping wide petals has a bunch of green stamens bunched together, with eggshell-colored, bilateral anthers.
the flower has four white petals with green filaments, and cream colored anthers.
this flower has white broad petals an a large number of stamen.
this flower has pale yellow flowers with rounded petals surrounding a cluster of green filaments and light yellow anthers.

the petals of the flower are white with a maroon center and light yellow pistil.
this flower has petals which are very white with a white pollen tube
this flower has petals that are white with a long style
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are red near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with red center and white stigma.
this flower has a white anther filament, yellow stamen, red ovule and white petals.
the flower has five white petals and one large white stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and darker near the ovary.
a flower with white and red petals and green leaves.

this is a big flower with long green leaves, white petals and yellow stamens.
a flower with white petals and white yellow anther filaments.
this flower has a white petal, a yellow stamen, and a brown anther
the flower has white petals that are surrounding brown stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are in multiple rows.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with rounded and layered petals.
the white flower has three layers of white delicate pedals.
this flower has white petals and yellow and orange stamen
the petals of the flower are white in color and have thin yellow pistils.
this flower has a series of overlapping white soft petals.

the petals of the flower are white in color with green leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this pale yellow flower features long oval-shaped petals and lays on large green glossy leaves.
this flower has long white petals and long yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are white with many layers
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white and yellow pistils.
a flower with many layered, narrow yellow petals cupping long thing yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple rows of elongated white pedals that get shorter closer to the pistil.

this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are purple with long stigma
this flower has large blue petals and some white anthers in it
the color of the pedals on this flower is bright blue
this trumpet shaped flower has five wide conjoined blue petals which ruffle into a slight star shape.
this flower has thin blue leaves forming a star pattern and the middle of the flower has a spots and one stigma.
this trumpet-shaped flower has vibrant blue and black petals with a long pistal.
the blue petals are curled outwards at the edges to form a vase shape around a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a green patch
this flower has large bright blue petals that are dark green, white, and purple spots in the center.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple and yellow lines
this flower has three petals that are dark pink with yellow lines and a single petal that is pale lavender.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals on this flower are white, purple, green and yellow.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and purple lines
this flower has purple and yellow and white petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with large puffy petals and purple stripes flowing through them.
this flower has four large petals that are wide with a white background and pink and yellow veining on the upper three petals.
this flower has three small petals on top and one large petal going downwards.

white flower that has petals that are smooth, soft, separated and arranged around the stamen with yellow anthers
the flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has white petals with yellow anther and green pedicel
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
flower with long thin yellow stamen and broad long white leaves.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil has a lot of yellow
a broad white flower with six white petals, a green ovule at it's center and many yellow stamen.
the petals are white, the stigma are yellow, and the ovary is green.

the large bright yellow pedals fold together on top of each other with no sepal or stamen visible.
this flower is covered in bright yellow petals and is in the shape of a ball.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled towards the inside.
the pedicel is green,the petals are rounded and yellow in color
this bright yellow flower has medium size petals that are smooth and round it's with a single green filament is large and thick.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this yellow flower has multiple petals that close up to form a closed ball.
this flower has smooth rounded yellow petals wrapped together in a fairly tight ball.

flower with long round white petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has long white petals and long yellow stamen with yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals and a center of green and yellow stamen.
this white flower has an outer row of star shaped petals and an inner circular anther that is yellow with a green ovule
very plain and very simple, cant you just picture it on a table in a restaurant ?
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has seven white petals and large yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has white petals with thick and yellow stamen

five large, vibrant red petals surrounding black and white stamen.
the flower has visible pistils and black anthers and has pink petals
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower has one solid red petal, red veins and black stamen.
this flower has bright red petals that are rounded in shape along with red filaments and black anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stigma
five vibrant magenta petals speckled with a darker read make a whorl around red stamen tipped with blank anthers.
the red circular shaped petals have long red with black sipped stamen out of the middle.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
this flower has a round central depression surrounded by hot pink petals with pointed tips and paler pink centers.
this flower has petals that are pink with a little yellow in the center
the petals are star shaped and purple in color while the stamen is pink.
this flower has pink and white petals, and a pink pollen tube.
small pink and deliquet with a long pollen tube are the features of this flower.
a flower with long petals that re pink and pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the edges.
the petals of this flower are bright pink on the edges and turn to a white color towarda the base of the petal.

the flower has skinny dark pink petals and a large round pistil.
the flower has overlapping long er petals that are pink in color with larger spiky anthers
this flower has long thin pink petals and a lot of red stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping downward.
the long pink petals surround a mound of brown and red stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has pink ruffled petals and many red anthers.
this flower has a double row of elongated pink petals surrounding a come shaped stamen.
this flower has a round spiked center mound and down-turned pink petals.

the petals on this flower are pink with white stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow pistil and pink petals as its main features
this flower is bright pink with purple lines on its petals and yellow stamen.
these flowers have lavender petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
a pink flower made of thin, broad petals that sport dark pink veins and lightens in the center of the flower, where there are white pistils and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow spots
the petals of the flower are broad in shape and pink in color.
this flower has large fan shaped lavender petals surrounding a yellow and white pistil.

a small purple flower with rounded petals and a brown pedicel.
the petals on this flower are purple and very delicate.
this flower has petals that are pale purple with purple centers and purple pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has lavender petals and a long brown pedicel that is thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are light lavender in color with a deep purple base and a brown stem.
this flower has light purple petals with a darker purple base that are arranged in an upright position.
a purple flower with green filament and anther and the pedicel are green and the leaves also green

this flower is characterized by a prominent ovary covered with purple stamens surrounded by bright hot pink petals.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with purple stamen
this flower has large red petals with dark blue anthers in the center
a round flower with large round red flower petals and white stamen surrounding a light yellow stigma.
the flower has bright red petals and blue stamen and pistil.
this flower has a red petal with a fuzzy grey stamen in the center of it.
this flower has bright red petals as well as blue stamen.
a dark red flower made of round petals and displays numerous purple-grey stamen with a white pistil in the center.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals on this flower are pink with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are pink with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
a flower with pink petals and green stamen.
this flower has many layers of pink petals in varying sizes that generally get larger from the center outward.
this flower has peach petals as well as a green stamen.
a flower with pink and light pink petals surrounding green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen

pedicel are dark purple in color,petals are rounded in shape and are alight purple in color
this is a flower that has lighter pink petals with a hot pink base.
this flower has petals that are pink with a patch of purple
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are darker near the bottom.
this flower has pink petals that fold upwards and has a purple center
this flower has a bright pink ovary with lighter pink petals arranged in a mostly upright position.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are a light purple.
these flowers a fuchsia color extending from a deep purple bottom petal.
this flower has back-bent pink petals and a darker pink center.

the flower hs five petals and it has two colors white and yellow.
the flower shown has smooth yellow and white petals which is its dominant feature
a flower with twisted white and yellow petals and no visible stamen or anther
the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with yellow and white petals that are more yellow at their center.
this flower has oblong white and yellow petals with a smooth texture.
this flower is made up of five white petals with yellow highlights that make up a star shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has five pink petals accompanied by one stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow center
this is a large flower with pink petals and darker pink near the ovary.
this small pink flower has five overlapping petals with a rounded shape.
these purple flower show five fan-shaped petals located near the pedicel and the stamen in each flower can't be seen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a small stigma
large, purple-pink petals and a small purple stigma.
big bright pink petals with open yellow stigma
this flower has a pink ovary and bright pink petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny and long.
the petals are needle shpaed and yellow in color while the anthers are larger in size
this flower has a lot of long and thin yellow petals with a large yellow anther in the middle
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by hundreds of thin fringed yellow petals.
the flower has many thin yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this is a yellow flower with long and extremely thin petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has a rounded center and layers of very thin, spiky yellow petals.
this yellow flower has multi layers of slender spiky petals with curly yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
a multitude of thin, yellow petals surrounds many yellow stamen.

the flower shown has red and orange petals with skinny green pedicel
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
this flower has long orange petals with yellow markings and a long white pistil.
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
this flower has six long orange petals decorated with red spots.
these flowers have orange petals with yellow stripes on green pedicels.
the petals of this flower are orange and red and the pedicel is green

the flower has petals that are large and pink with yellow anther.
the flower petals are alternate and light purple in color
this flower has a large pink petal, with a lot of gold anthers in the middle
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this purple flower has a fan shaped petal and golden anther.
this flower has purple petals, a black ovule and yellow-orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are light pink and the pedicel is green
the petals of the flower form like a cup in the base to protect the stamens.
this flower has large pink petals and yellow stigmas.

this flower has yellow pistil with yellow and blue petals as its main feature
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
the flower shown has white petals and several yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this is a white flower with purple petals and yellow stamen and stigma.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pistils are yellow
this particular flower has petals that are dark blue on the outer edges and white in the center
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has small lavender petals with yellow strings of stamen in the center of it.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and pink with short stamen
the pale pistil and stamen are surrounded by large, pointed petals, bright magenta in the center fading to a light purple on the edges.
pretty lavender petals with magents stripe down the middle and purple stamen and white stigma.
the flower appears tropical and is made of petals that are purple in color.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark purple lines
a seven petaled flower with dark purple stripes running through it's leaves.
there are purple petals with a encircling a green stigma.
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are striped pink down the center

this flower has petals that start with a fuchsia hue and fade to white as they get closer to the stamen.
this flower has dark pink petals supporting another row of white petals with a large pistil topped with yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this multi toned flower has an outer layer of dark pink petals and an inner layer of lighter pink petals, and also has bright yellow anther and filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow tamen
this flower has pink sepals, white petals, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has five rounded pink petals and five outer darker petals with pointed tips.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and white stamen with yellow anthers.
is pink and purple with the white and yellow stuff in the middle

the purple and white flowers features large petals and smaller leaves.
the flower has large purple petals with red stamen in the center
this flower has seven large purple petals with a white line in the middle and many white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this is a purple flower with petals that point out in a star-shape with a purple pistil and white stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a pink stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red stamen
this particular flower has petals that are purple and sharp

the many stamens are all yellow with the smooth white petals are oval.
this star-shaped flower has white petals and bright yellow stamens.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are large and oval shaped.
a white flower with six white petals, and a green center.
a flower with large white petals with long pollen tubes that are yellow
this flower has white petals that surround a yellow stamen.
this white flower has pointed petals and a red and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower with six soft white petals and many long stamen with yellow anther filament at it's center.
this flower has round white petals with yellow anthers in the center.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and large.
the flower shown has billowy white petals as its main feature.
the flower has curved white petals that are very large and thin.
the flower shown has thin white petals as its main feature.
this flower has white petals with an orange stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has bright white petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are white and the pistil is golden yellow
this flower is characterized by its white, almost serrated appearance of its white petals, as well as its yellow pistil and stamen.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled downward.
the petals of this flower are red with a large stigma
this flower has a thick, closed dark red petal that grows down towards the ground
there is a single flower on the pedicel and the petal is green.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
the petals are red with pink spots and are large and overlapping to be shaped like a bell.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping downward.
this flower has magenta colored petals that curl togethwr and bow over to the ground.
a mottled red and pink bud with a dark red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red spots

this flower has white petals with a purple color going inwards to the pistil.
the flower has soft white petals that are pink at the bottom.
this flower has smooth white petals with dark purple pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with patches of pink
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has five triangular shaped white petals that point upward.
this flower has white petals with pointed tips and a pink base.
this flower has white petals that fold upwards and purple center
large white, broad, pointed petals with a bright purple base grow upward and inside-out.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower has blooms that are arranged in a bunch and are pink in color.
this magenta pink colored flower has white spots on its petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
this flower has a large purple petal with a lot of spots on the inside
this flower has an elongated bell shape and comes in a lavender color, with long white pistils and a inner pattern made out of dark purple spots framed in white.
this light pink and white flower has rounded petals and white and light pink pistils.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
this flower has many blossoms grouped together on the same stem and the petals are pink with white markings.
this flower has pink petals with white and purple dots on the insides.

the flower has many little yellow petals with yellow stamen
this light yellow flower has a large amont of thin petals surrounding a dense disc of slightly darker anthers.
these bright yellow flowers have lots of thin petals and thick clustered centers.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
the flower has thin petals that are yellow in color with a center made of yellow anthers.
this flower has lots and lots of tiny thin bright yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with very skinny and long petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
there are many yellow stamen with medium anther, surrounded by stick-like yellow petals.
this flower has many long and skinny yellow petals on it.

this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
flowers are alternately arranged,they are white in color
this flower has a petal that has brown spots and has green anther filaments
the flower has white petals shaped like bells with spots of purple on them
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has white petals that has purple dots on them
these bell-shaped flowers hang in clusters, and have dark red spotting inside the petals.
this flower has multiple bell shaped white petals with purple spots in them.
this flower has a large number of white bell shaped petals with dark purple spots.

the flower has round red petals and a long clear pollen tube.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
the stamen are longer,with larger anthers yellow in color
the simple row of red petals has the single long stamen at the center
a flower with a petal that is curled backwards and dark red.
this flower has a wheel of five rounded and slightly wrinkled pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has reddish petals which have some white on them as well.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white stamen

this flower has petals that are pale pink with pink filaments.
a large light pink petaled flower with long white filiments
this flower has pink and white pedals with pink spots and pink and green stamen.
this flower has a large pink petal with spots, and with anther filaments with a pink stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that form a star.
long thin pink stamen hand down the flat pink petals of this flower.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and very thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
the petals of the flower have a light pink color, with a stripe of white on the outside of the petals.
this flower has five large and wide pale pink petals with delicate white edges.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this white bell-shaped flower is all on petal.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this is an all white flower with a yellow stigma and a green pedicel.
this white funnel shaped flower appears to be all one petal with a yellowish green tubular center and is on a plant with hairy stems.
the petals are white and ruffley with yellow in the center where the pistil is.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
flower with green pedicel, very small curved green sepals, 5 white petals with yellow-green origins, petals radiate from center outward as somewhat cone shape.
this flower has a white funnel-like petal with light green accents.

this is a large flower with red and yellow petals and a brown stem.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips and many purple stamen.
this is a flower with petals that are red toward the center and yellow around the edges.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the tips.
the stamen are dark red and cover a round center of the flower, surrounded by petals that are dark pink closest to the center and bright yellow furthest from the center of the flower.
this flower has many petals which are yellow on the edges and red near the middle.
this flower has red petals with yellow tips and purple stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
there are many dark red filaments surrounded by mostly red petals that turn to yellow at their tip.

the petals are a rich purple spotted with white and hangs downward.
the flower has drooping petals that are speckled in maroon and white with a green stalk.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has thick purple petals with white spots and a purple stem.
this drooping flower has several large petals in mottled shades of purple.
this flower has a downward facing blossom that has large purple petals with white spots on them.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots
this flower has down-turned petals whose colors are mottled hues of plum and purple.
this flower has dark purple petals with spots of white, the petals are curled inwards.
the flower has drooping purple pedals that fold together with a light to dark purple color.

this flower has thick yellow and white petals as its main feature.
the flower has several inner rows of yellow petals and outter rows of white petals.
the flower shown has yellow petals with shades of white as well
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
a large rose flower with golden pedals that gets whiter on the outer part.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
the flower has bright yellow petals in a round formation as its main feature.
this bulbous yellow flower has petals overlapping neatly at its center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the center.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the pedals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
this flower is a beautiful pink/peach shade with a closed bud in center.
this flower has multiple layers of light pink flowers that become brighter on the upper layers.
this flower has overlapping layers of rounded pink petals whose edges curl slightly downwards.
this flower has a spiral layer of pale pink petals with rounded tips.
this flower has salmon pink colored petals that have rounded edges and arranged in layers that curl around the style.
this flower has petals that are pink and is bunched together
the peach colored petals overlap around this flower and bend outwards.
this flower you can not see any stigmas or pistils - the petals are a soft coral color and are round and multi-layered.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are vibrant violet with large, long, toothed petals.
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
the flower is violet with its petals that are soft and separately arranged around bunch of stamen in disc like manner
a purple flower with long narrow petals and balls of yellow anther.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this purple flower has violet filaments and bright yellow anthers.
this particular flower has petals that are long and pointy with purple
this flower has thin, elongated purple petals that are arranged in a single row and evenly spaced around it.

the pretty flower has light purple petals that are long and thin.
this flower has short dense purple petals with long thin bright pink stamen.
this flower is very colorful and has petals with different shades of purple.
this unique flower has unique green petals and crazy pink-white stamen.
this flower has purple and green pointy looking petals, with purple spiky looking stamen coming from it.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
the petals of the flower are long and stringy and are pink in color.
a pineapple shaped flower and a light purple stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
a flower with purple pistils and hard green leaves on the outside.

the rounded yellow petals of this flower are overlapped and layered until it has a ball shape overall.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled over on the center.
the round yellow petals of this flower are folded so that the viewer can't see any other parts of the flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower has overlapping petals which are rounded and pale buttery yellow in hue.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
these petals on these yellow flowers have not yet opened as the flowers have not yet bloomed.
this flower has rounded yellow petals that layer on top of each other.

a white and yellow veiny flower with star shaped petals and tiny stamen.
the petals on this flower are white with yellowish veins
this star-shaped flower has white petals with lime-green veins leading to the flower's pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has yellow anthers and a white star-shaped petal with curly edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of yellow
this flower has four white, triangular petals distinguished by a green pistil.
this white flower has thin jagged petals with five sides.

the flower has purple petals with a green center and white pollen tubes
this flower is purple, yellow, and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large purple petals and long white stamen with brown anthers on it
this flower has petals that are purple with long steman
this flower has long stamen surrounded by five wide, large purple petals with rounded, ruffled edges.
this purple, white and yellow flower has rounded petals and white stamen with brown anthers.
this flower has large purple petals that turn white towards the center.
this flower is purple, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple with yellow center.

this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a flower with broad pink petals with dark purple tips, green sepals and green pedicel
this flower has purple pedicel and light purple petals as its main features
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has large pink petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has a very small green sepal and layers of light pink petals in a cup-like configuration.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow filaments in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the stamen are yellow and the anthers appear large in size.
this white petal flower had white and yellow filament and anther.
this flower has a cross-like arrangement of smooth white petals with short yellow stamen at the center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
a flower with four petals that are short and wide that are white.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with thin wavy petals.

a flower with a large tubular conical petal, yellow anther, and red filament.
this flower has petals that are red wiht yellow stamen
the petals are large and red and there are red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with red stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
a red flower with five red petals and a dark red center.
this flower has petals that are red and has a bell shape
this flower has a rounded star shape and dark reed petals with delicate veins.
the flower has five red-orange petals connected to form a trumpet shape; it has yellow anthers.
the flower it is red horn shaped pedals with a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thi
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
pedicels are green in color,petals are curlde and are light pink in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower shown has pink petals and several pink filament.
this light pink flower has curly petals and long, thin pink stamen.
the dark pink buds open to reveal curly pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pink stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has wide and curling pink petals which are very thin.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen
the flower has thin purple petals that curl backwards at the tips.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the long curled light pink petals of this flower make a deep will with long pink pistils supported bya long light brown pedicel.
this flower has pink petals and few stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long and very thin, curling pink petals.
this flower has long and thin pink petals with curly ends.

the blooms of the flower are in bunches and are red in color.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals are red and clustered around a small red pistil.
this flower has a bright red petal with bright red stamen on the inside
this flower has several round, red petals and a red pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.
these flowers have small red petals clustered together over green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has small and smooth petals that are bright pink.
a red flower with many red petals that form a cone shape with red stamen.

these flowers have vibrant white petals and a dense, yellow core and stamen.
these medium sized flowers have lots of thin white petals and a bright yellow middle.
a flower with numerous white petals and a yellow inner stigma.
this flower features a large yellow ovary surrounded by layers of elongated white petals.
a white multi petal with a yellow center on a short stem.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of long, thin white petals.
the white petals encircle a wide cluster of yellow colored stamens.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
the flower has yellow stamen and pistil and oval white petals.

the petals of this flower are pink with a yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has long yellow steman
the flower shown has purple and white petals with yellow stamen in the center
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are nested on green pads.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink and white petals with pointed tips.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has large white and pink petals with long yellow stamens.

this flower has skinny yellow petals and a bunch of stamens.
this flower has bright orange-yellow petals surrounding a cluster of bright yellow stigma and stamen.
a orange flower with large petals and a large ovary in the center
faded green leaves and orange ray flowers with central tiny disk flowers with yellow anthers.
the round pointed petals of the flower are yellow orange while the anthers of the flower are also yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this orange flower has pointed petals, yellow stamens and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a medium sized flower that has orange petals and a orange ball in the center that resembles shag carpet with many stamen on it.
the flower is so big with orange petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around yellow stamen in disc like manner

this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping.
this flower has the simple row of pink petals with the clumsy brown stamens at the middle
the petals on this flower are pink with orange stamen.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by down turned purple petals which are long and thin with slightly pointed tips.
the flower has petals that are wilted and are light pink in color and a center that is made of brown anthers.
this flower has long slender light pinkish lavender petals that droop down and a large center of deep orange.
this flower has a rounded brown center and down-turned pale pink petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

the vibrant petals on this flower are rounded and the leaves are long.
a flower with yellow petals and yellows veins on the petals.
the flower has many closed yellow colored petals that are rounded in shape
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower is a double with a long pedicel and many yellow petals at the top.
this bright yellow flower has curved petals, and forms a ball shape.
bright yellow blossoms that open from a large ball, exploding to a full frilly flower.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffle in appearance.
this flower has six large, loose, ruffled white petals surrounding a cluster of yellow-orange stamens.
delicate white petals with bright yellow stamen and a green stigma.
this flower has large white petals, and a lot of yellow anthers in the center
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has ruffled white petals and a large yellow center.
this flower has large white petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the pedicel is a dark brown, which leads up to a purple pedalled flower with yellow stamen and a lighter yellow stigma
beginning with pale purple quickly fading to dark purple petals, with yellow ball in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower has purple petals and on each one of the petals is outlined in white.
this flower is purple, white, and yellow in color, with petals that are white at the edges.
this flower has purple petals that have a feint white rim around them, the stamen are yellow and surround the short stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has lavender petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has purple petals with white tips, a bunch of yellow stamen that ring around a yellow stigma.
these flowers have five purple petals each as well as yellow stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are multi shaped
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a bell shape
this flower has a yellow trumpet-like central petal surrounded by a flat yellow star-configuration of petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and the inside of the flower has a thick stamen.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals, yellow stamen and yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals, yellow stamen and yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals, yellow stamen and yellow pistil.

the flower has white petals and a large yellow style in the middle.
this flower has a large yellow pollen tube and stamen surrounded by several overlapping layers of white petals tipped with pink.
a flower with large white purple tipped petals and a central cluster of orange stamen and towering conical pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
about twenty tear shaped white petals form a semi-doubled flower that has stamen and a unique cone shaped reproductive structure in the center.
this flower has large creamy white petals touched with pink at the tips surrounding a large yellow pistil.
a white, cup shaped flower with smooth petals shaped like almonds and scraggly yellow stamen surrounding a thimble shaped pistil of the same color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are pink at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower has several rows of white petals and a prominent yellow pistil and stamen.

the flower's petals are kite shaped, yellow with a red stripe in the middle, the stammen is yellow
this flower has yellow petals with red stripes and many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red lines
the flower has red and yellow petals with a yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow, black and red in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
this flower is yellow, orange, and black in color, with multi colored oval shaped petals.
this flower has pointed yellow petals that has red lines
this flower has many thin petals around the edges that are yellow with a red vertical stripe and yellow stamen in the center.
a yellow flower with red stripes on the petal and the leaves are small and green
this flower has long tapered yellow petals with a vertical red stripe in the center.

this flower has long and pointy orange petals and no visible stigma
this flower has several long, sharply pointed yellowbpetals which point upwards.
this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the outer flower petals are purple in color and the inner flowe petals are yellow in color
the flower has thick pointy yellow petals with green sepal
this flower has pointed, thin, very shiny petals in a vivid yellow hue.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow, blue and green in color, with petals that are sharp and pointed.
a flower with hard leaves that are a bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very thin

the petals on this flower are both orange and yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
this flower has yellow and orange petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has yellow and orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange and the pedicel is big and green
this flower has a large orange and yellow petals that are spotted and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

the flower has petals that are orange, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of clustered stamen
this is a single flower that has orange petals and a yellow-orange center.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the stamen are many and are yellow in color with larger anthers
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly pale orange in color and the inner stamen is the color mustard yellow.
this flower has yellow stamen and long, narrow orange petals.

this flower has white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has pink stamen and five large white petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are wilted and large.
this flower has five large white petals surround a small cluster of pink stamen and a yellow tipped stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with pink stamen
this flower has large white petals with a hint of pink at the middle and a yellow stigma.
this is large white five petal white flower with deep pink smaller petals in center with gold stamen.
a large white 5 petal flower with a bright pink inners of the petals, large piston with multiple stamens full of pollen,
this flower has white petals with a red patch in the middle
flower with five white petals and a pink center.

the flower has white petals that are white with purple around the lining
this flower has petals that are white white edges and single yellow spot.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the petals of the flower are white with dark pink trim and ruffled edges.
this flower's petals are angular and irregular with a white coloring that bleed to light purple along the outer edges.
this flower has wavy multicolored petals that are white with pink edges and a bit of yellow at the center.
the petals of the flower are pink and white in color and have green leaves.
these delicate petals are rimmed with pink, and conceal purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this bright yellow flower has a tubular center with several medium petals around it.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has large yellow petals and no visible stamen on the inside
this flower has yellow petals that are leaning down and it is supported by a green pedicel.
this flower has an inner ruffled yellow bell shape flanked by spiked yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bell shaped
this flower has a long cone shaped petals.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a trumpet shaped petal at the center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this small red flower has slightly overlapping petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
the pink and white flowers grow clumped together in a bunch.
a cluster of red flowers with no visible pistils showing in the center.
this flower has small orange petals with small stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the petals of this flower are dark red and the pedicel is green
this particular flower has petals that are dark pink and small
this flower has bright pink petals that are small and smooth.

this is a flower with triangle shaped dark blue petals.
this flower has a tiny white center blossom surrounded by veined and leaflike blue petals with pointed tips .
the petals on this flower are a bright blue with blue pistil in the center
this blue flower has the two rows of petals with the tiny white petals at the middle
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has bright blue leaves with pointed edges and veins, surrounding tiny white blossoms.
this flower has leafy blue petals and blue anther, the stigma is white.
this is a small blue flower, with few, large blue pointed pedals.
this bright blue flower has petals resembling leaves and a bright white stigma.
this flower has blue petals, a white stigma, and blue stamen.

the flower shown has white petals with several orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
flower has 5 yellow petals with orange stripes and many small stamen with red and yellow color
a rubbery looking white pedaled flower, with a deep center.
the flower consists of large yellow petals surround short stamen.
this flower has white smooth petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower has a ring of rounded light yellow petals with a wrinkled texture.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are overlapping and are red and the pistil is round
this flower has many red overlapping petals with yellow anthers and brown ovaries.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has overlapping bright red petals surrounding a dark pistil with yellow stamen.
a flower with bright pink overlapping petals and a prominent red and yellow pistil.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this vibrant flower has a yellow and brown stamen and layers of bright red petals.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has small white anther and pink petals as its main features
this flower has many overlapping petals that are pale red and red stamen.
a very large flat red flower with a dark center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a large red flower with many long narrow petals in layers around a large darker center with many tiny yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple layers of long pink petals surrounding a darker pink stamen.

flower has a single white petal, with yellow stigma, and green pedicel..
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower has large white petals and a large yellow stigma in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this trumpet shaped flower has the whirl of white petals with the prominent yellow pistil at the center
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
a flower with long and wide petals that is white and curled around the pollen tube.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is tube like and golden yellow
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and a thick, pointed white petal.
this flower has a large white funnel shaped petal with a large yellow pistil.

this flower has long pink petals and no visible stigma in the center
the flower petals are oval in shape and are light pink in color
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
the flower has large long petals that are light pink.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker in the center.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upwards
a flower with a long and narrow petal that is pale pink.
this flower has sparse light pink petals that are long and thin in shape.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven at the ends.
pink petals with some having yellow as well as magenta veining and pink filiment and green anthers.
pink flower, with bright yellow inviting center.
the petals are a light pink color with splashes of yellow and red.
the filament of the flower is pink with a green anther while the petals are pink.
the light pink petals have dark pink stripes and ruffled edges and the stamens are pink and green.
this flower has pink filaments with green anthers in the middle of petals that are mostly pink with a few yellow and lined markings.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that have striped.
this thin, light pink flower has distinct markings and some yellow on only some of the petals, with a few visible stamen in the center.

this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has three large yellow petals with brown lines drawing to the core with smaller yellow petals inside
a bright yellow flower growing on a long green stem
this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
the flower has yellow petals with purple markings and a green pedicel
a flower with long and wavy petals that are yellow.
there are three rounded ruffled bright yellow petals surrounding bright yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower has three large yellow petals surrounding smaller yellow petals.
this flower is in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has gray, white and black pointy petals that look sharp.
this flower has petals that are spiny and gray with green stamen.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are purple and very pointy
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has spiky green centers and thin spikes of pale purple which protrude.
this flower is green and white in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has very long pokey jagged needle like purple petals.
a flower with long and spiky petals that are white.

the petals of the flower are pink in color with a bright yellow center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has pink petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has pink petals with lots of yellow anthers.
this flower has a large pink petal and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and slightly ruffled.
this is a pink flower with eight petals and many yellow stamens
this flower has a small yellow center and long pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright pink petals with a ribbed texture and a cluster of bright yellow stamen at the center.

there is one circular violet blossom at the end of the pedicel with the pedals forming a wide bell shape.
this flower has large purple petals and no visible outer stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have a star.
this flower has petals that are dark purple with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and a long stigma
a purple flower with white color bottom and the green pedicel and green sepal
the flower has a single. five lobed, trumpet shaped petal that is purple with dark streaks running toward the center.
the flowers petals are purple and are circular in formation.
this is a very large flower, with pedals that are dark purple on the edges, and become paler towards the receptacle.
this flower has rows of lavender petals.

this white flower has long thin purple petals and a green center.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are skinny and rounded.
small and smooth white petals outlined in light purple revealing a purple, green and white pistil.
this light colored flower has dark purple filaments that go around the center.
the purple petals radiate circularly from the center, where there are numerous purple hairs and the stamen is split into 3.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has pale thick petals under a fringe of thick purple quills.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple long petals with green leaves
this flower has petals that are white and has long stringy stamen

flowers with large white and pink petals on a maroon stem.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a pink and white flower with upward facing petals.
this double colored flower has the pink petals shaded with the white color on a reddish pedicel
this flower has a few very large petals that are white with a pink streak down the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
this flower has thick and very smooth white petals with center pink stripes.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has magenta petals, with areas of white on them.
this flower has very smooth petals that are pink and white in color.

this flower has petals that are purple with green stamn
a flower with flat purple petals, green anther, and green filaments.
the flower shown has green pistil and blue petals which are its dominant features
this flower is blue and purple in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed and blue.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are layered.
a large blue, white, and purple flat flower with a green stigma.
this flower is lavender color with green sigma at the top and strange green leaves

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has overlapping dark pink petals and many yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are curled on the ends.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and the filaments are yellow while the leaves are green.
very dark pedals with a dark yellow and light yellow middle shiny green leaves
this flower has petals as well as a sepal. petals are purple and pistil is yellow.
this flower has a prominent grouping of yellow stamen surrounded by a few layers of bright pink petals.
this flower has long thin yellow stamen surrounded by overlapping, rounded pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the pink petals are wrinkled and layers around thin, yellow stamen.

this flower has multiple layers of large red petals, with yellow stamen and a deep red ovule in the center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has red petals with yellow filament and purple stamen
this bright red flower has slightly oval shaped petals with a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has several overlapping layers of pointed red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright red petals that are smooth and oblong in shape.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower is characterized by its light red petals as its darker red pistil at the center.
a red flower with petals that surround a dark colored ovule and many yellow stamen.

the flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
the flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this white six petaled flower has many anthers and filaments at the top.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this beautiful flower has very distinct white petals with a long yellow stamen.
this flower has a single row of white petals with a cluster of stamen with yellow anther.

this flower has petals that are red with a small wtigma
the sepal and pedicels are a dark green. the flower pedals have a delicate appearance.
this flower has petals which range in color from dark pink to light orange and has yellow stamen in the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are connected to eachother.
the flower shown has round red petals which are its main feature
this flower has petals that are red and has a white center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
these flowers have round pink petals with smooth edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has mossy green sepal underneath the large flat purple petals.
this flower has a rounded trumpet shape and is a bright red color.

the flower petals are largr in size and rounded bright pink in color with a larger stigma
the flower has a red petal with a purple pollen tube and green pedicel
this flower has approximately four bright red shiny petals that are very fragile and in the center it has many darkly colored center.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are large and wavy.
this flower has reddish orange petals with a purple and white pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are thin and ruffled.
this beautiful flower has a reddish and orange color with green stems
this flower has petals that are red and has purple stamen
orange and red petals with a dark style and yellowish filament.
this flower has bright orange petals with a slightly wrinkled texture.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are orange and star shaped with yellow anthers.
this flower's medium-size petals are bright red, and its pistil is yellow.
this flower has petals that are bright red with yellow stamen.
a double row of bright red pedals surrounding a bright yellow stamen and dark red stigma.
this flower has bright red petals of an oblong shape.
this bright red looking flower has yellow stigma and the inside
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

the flower shown has white petals and a long green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has a long thin pedicel, with pale pink and magenta petals and thin white pollen tubes sticking out of each individual flower.
this flower has petals that are small and white with burgundy stigma.
the petals are white and are arranged sporadically.
this flower has petals that are white and very small
a flower with a thin pedicel with white and purple petals.
these flowers have pink tinted white petals and hang from a thorny stem.
this flower has small delicate petals of a light pink with some magenta and long stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has white petals which appear smooth and have a pointed tip.
the flower is white and its petals are soft, smooth and fused together and has curly borders and also the flower has stamen sticking out in the centre
the petals of the flower are white in color with green leaves and a white center.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are in a swirly manner.
this flower has smooth white petals and pistil as its main features
this flower has conjoined white petals which are very smooth and curl outwards.
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color soft white.
this white flower has fused petals like a tube and with white color stamen inside
this white flower has petals that are all connected to make one big circle with indented lines shooting out of the middle and white stamen coming up from the inside.
this flower has white petals with points and white anthers.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded on the ends.
the flower shown has pink petals with patches of white on it as well
the simple rounded petals are pink in color held on a pink pedicel with large whitish anthers
this flower has a pink petal and a pink colored pedicel
curled petals fall away from the circular center where the reproductive structures are located.
this flower has bright pink petals with the pistil being brown.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a small style
a pink flower that has pink petals with a dark pink pistil at it's center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this flower has bright pink petals that are oriented upward, away from its center.

this flower has pink petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink and white with green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this is a flower that has many white and pink petals on it.
this flower has large pink petals with smooth edges and slight ruffled texture.
this flower has large petals with crinkled edges that are light pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has think pink petals and a light green colored pedicel.

the petals on this flower are yellow and pink in color.
the petals of the flower are pink and yellow in color while the leaves are green.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower growing on a bush that has pink petals and is round in shape.
a flower that has multiple tones of brown and yellow and very many petals
this plant has many pink and white petals and dense green leaves.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has pink petals that has some yellow shading at the top
this flower has layers of pink orange petals against a background of green leaves.
the many petals of this flower are multicolored in shades from yellow to red.

this flower has petals that are orange and folded in together
this flower is orange, and red in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has spiky orange petal and no visible outer stamen
out of a pointed deep red-brown sepal comes spade-shaped bright orange petals, all pointed different directions upward.
the flower shown has yellow and purple petals as its main feature
the flower has long pointy orange pedals and a dark needle like stamen.
a orange flower with pointed petals and a narrow pollen tube.
this flower has thick and sharply pointed petals in bright orange hues.
this flower has sharply pointed petals that are bright orange.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin

the flower is yellow with red details and the anthers are yellow with yellow filaments.
yellow petals, dabbed with red surround elongated yellow anthers on yellow filaments.
this smooth yellow flower has orange and red tint in the center.
this flower contains broad, limp oval petals that are primarily yellow with orange splashes in the center.
the flower has long pedicels and the stamen are easily visible
a yellow flower with red-orange highlights and a pale yellow stem
this flower has yellow petals as well as a orange pistil.
this yellow and red flower has rounded petals and orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower has five yellow petals with a splash of orange in the center closer to the pistil.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
large compact orange petals that are cone shaped, densely packed in the center slightly loosening as the petals move out.
a round shaped yellow flower with leaves surrounding the flower
this flower is composed of rippled orange petals that form a fluffy, circular shape.
the petals are a very small and fragile and yellow in color.
a few flowers with orange puffy appearance look to it.
this flower has orange fluffy petals and is round with small stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is ruffled together
this flower has globe-like shape that consists of a large number of yellow tubular petals.

this flower has petals that are red with green stigma
the flower has one large red petal and a green stamen and pistil.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
the flower shown has rough red petals with a green pistil
a single red flower in a spade shape surrounds a light green pistil which includes a cylindrically shaped style.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a thick green stamen and a shiny, thick red petal with pointed tip.
this flower is red in color, and has one large shiny petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green style
the petals has a red color with a shine on the petals

the flower is white with petals that are soft, thick and fused and also stamens are sticking out from the centre
this flower is made up of one large white rounded petal with a green stamen.
flower with one large white petal and a pale green pistil.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of the flower are white in color with small white filaments.
this flower has linked white petals which form a rounded star-shaped trumpet.
this flower has petals that are white and is satellite shapes
this particular flower has petals that are white and round
this flower has a large continuous petal that surrounds a white stamen.
this flower has a funnel shaped white petal with very thin points.

a flower with five individual purple petals and cluster of white anther at the center
the flower has petals that are dark pink with many white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
flower has bright white stamen protruding from a single array of overlapping lavender colored petals.
the rounded outer petals are dark pink but transluscent with visible veins, a layer of much smaller inner green-rimmed petals and many white stamens.
a simple flower with long anthers and five vibrant fuchsia petals.
this flower has deep pink petals with slightly pointed tips and white stamen.

light purple flayed petals with a dark purple center revealing a light pink and white pistil.
the flower is rounded purpl in color with one large pistil hanging over the light purple colored stamen
this flower has light purple petals with a darker purple center and a white stigma in the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has a large bright purple petal with a white stigma in the middle
this flower has funnel-like shape and it is light purple in color with a white pistil.
this flower has connected lavender petals that get pinker the closure to the pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
the anther and filament are white, with overlapping, purple petals surrounding it.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower has thin yellow petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny and thin.
this flower has a lot of long and thin yellow petals with a yellow stigma
these bright yellow flowers have thick ovaries and ovules as well as hundreds of very thin petals.
this flower has mounded yellow anthers at the center with dense, spiky, very narrow bright yellow petals.
a wide open yellow flower with bright yellow stamen at it's center and thing yellow petals at it's edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has a large number of very thin pointed bright yellow petals in a ring around thick yellow stamen.
this flower has a round yellow center and a fringe of thin hair-like yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

this flower features a prominent ovary covered with dozens of small stamens featuring thin white petals.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are star shaped.
the flower has dense small white petals all over in a ball shape.
this flower has small white petals coming out of it and has no visible outer stigma
this rounded flower has white petals and light brown and dark brown pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are star shaped.
this flower has a globe-like shape that consists of many small white thin petals.
this flower has petals that are white and are very thin
this particular flower has petals that are white and small
the flower is a ball of five needle like pedals each with its owns stamens.

the flower shown has white pistil with white petals as well
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this white flower has small bits of yellow around the center of its petals
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a stamen.
a flower with white and yellow in the center and shaped kind of like a star.
this flower has a wheel shaped blossom with white petals and light green veins with uneven edges.
the white flower has a feathery petal surrounding a pistil and stamen.
this flower has a big white petal that has green details and yellow stamen.

bright pinkish orange flower pedals curl open towards the sun on top of a sturdy green stem.
this flower has petals in the shape of ovals and are orange with a green pedicel
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower features three ruffled rounded orange petals around a center of yellow filaments.
this large flower has few orange petals with black veins and thin blade like stamen.
this flower has short yellow sepals underneath its large bright orange petals.
the petals of this flower are orange and the stem is green.
dark orange rippled flower with three petals with brownish veins running into the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has large and wide orange-red petals sitting on top of a long pedicel.

this flower is a sun flower with white petals and yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow satamen
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a yellow center.
the petals on this flower are white with several yellow stamen.
the white petals form a flat circular disk around a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has a wide yellow center and long, thin white petals.
this flower has long white petals arranged in a ring-like formation.
the white petals are slender and long and surround the pistil which is yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the petals are bright pink with darker pink polka dots all over and tints of yellow towards the middle.
this flower has petals that are pink with red dotsd
this flower has six long tapered petals in an interestingly mottled mix of hot pink and bright orange.
a pink and purple pedaled flower, and a green stems.
petals are oval in shape,they are brown spoted in color
this flower has linear bright pink petals with tiger-like patterns spattered on them and arched yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.
these flowers have long oval shaped pink petals with red spots on them.
this flower has bright pink oblong petals with darker pink spots and tall yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots

the flower stamen are needle shaped and purple in color with larger anthers
this flower is vibrant pink in color with pink stigma and green pedicel.
the flower on the spiky plant is bright pink is color and has a bushy appearance.
the flower has purple pollen tubes sitting on top of a green pedicel
this flower has a purple group of anthers with a dark green pedicel on it
a pink fuzzy bloom coming from a green cone of spikes.
this flower has very small stringy purple petals and a thorny green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has a green spiked petal with fuzzy pink stigma on the top of it

a large yellow and orange flower; the petals fade from yellow to orange (in the center)
this flower has very large and fragile patels that overlap.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the edges.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
the flower has petals with ruffled edges that are yellow and orange in color.
this flower has large softly ruffled orange petals with mottled yellow edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange and the pedicel is green
a flower with many stacks of yellow and orange petals covering it's body.
this flower has many sizes of yellow and orange shell shaped petals that surround the pistil and stamen.

the petals are joint on the base and individuals petals are on the top.
the white and green petals of this flower are thickly placed on an erect stem.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has smooth white petals and green pedicel as its main features
the flower has white and yellow petals that pleum out.
this flower has many petals that are white shading into a greenish yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals are white and light green colored and are ruffled on the edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and the pedicel is green

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
round pink pedals that graduate to white toward the center that contains a cluster of dark yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has layered pink petals with a whitish core and yellow filaments and anthers.
there are many large stamens with yellow anther and white filaments, its petals are large and smooth with pink color on the outer edge and white color on the inner side.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and pale pink petals with brighter edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and pointed petals that are pink.
this flower has light pink dark pink tipped petals surrounding yellow and white stamen.

the petals are white with green lines and a green pedicel.
the petals on the flower was white and yellow in color.
the flower petals are rough around the edges, white, and cone shaped.
these two white petaled flowers with hairy, olive green pedicel
white and yellow ovary flower.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
a flower with a wide petal that is white with pointed tips.
this flower has a yellow fuzzy receptacle holding a funnel-shaped petal that is white with yellow veins.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color with green leaves and a fluted appearance.

the flower shown has pink petals with purple pistil in the center
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are broad and thin at the edges, and the flower petals are bright red.
this flower has petals that are red with small stamen
this flower has red petals with many red anthers and a red pollen tube.
this is a red flower with five petals and red stamens.
the flower has five pink petals with pink filaments, and grey anthers.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stigma
the petals on this flower are bright red in color with five petals each and small brown stigma.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this is a peach colored flower with petals that are curled at the tip.
this flower features layers of pale peach petals, opening toward the perimeter.
this flower has bright pink pedals when illuminated in light its pale white
this flower has many petals which overlap each other and are tightly grouped in the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and are folded together
a flower with white petals in bloom, that appear peach by the light with green leaves.
the petals of this flower are white and peach and the pedicel is gree
this particular flower has petals that are light orange and white
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are star shaped near the cener.
the petals of this flower are white with yellow centers.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center
this flower features large white and yellow floppy petals with a start pattern at it's center.
these flowers are in clusters of white petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has five rounded white petals which form a bright yellow star shape in the center.
this flower has white petals that have a star of yellow in the center,.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has large white petals and a yellow star in the center surrounding the ovule.

the petals of the flower are red in color and has leaves that are green in color.
this flower's long red petals create a cylinder shielding the stamen and peel back at the top of the flower.
the funnel shaped red flower has petal that is soft, smooth and starting as a tube at the sepal and gradually flaring out as separate petals at the end
this flower is red in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and shaped like a tube.
this pink flower's petals blossom out in a distinctive tubular trumpet-like shape.
this flower has a long trumpet shape with dark rounded red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower is trumpet shaped with a long receptacle and bright pink rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a bell shape

this flower has large blue petals and some green stamen on the inside of it
the bell shaped flower is blue and has fused petal that is supported by a green sepal
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovule.
the flower has blue petals which stand up and form a cone shape.
this flower has petals that are blue and bell shaped
this flower has bright blue petals arranged in a trumpet formation with a tight green sepal.
this flower has blue petals with green stripes on them
this flower has cerulean blue outer petals with a soft green and white interior.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green sepal.
a flower that has long and narrow petals that are blue.

the flower shown has purple petals and pistil with green pedicel
this flower has thin pink petals as its main feature.
flower has longer stamen pink in color with larger anthers white in color
this flower has long pink petals and a long pink stigma in the center
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pink stamen
this flower has curly purple petals and a very long green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower has long pink petals that are curled at the edges and pink stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.

a flower with light purple petals accompanied by red pistils and anther filaments.
there is a a single layer of light lavender pedals that surround the yellow, orange stamen, and these pedals for the most part do not overlap, but the anthers of the stamen form concentric staggered rows that seem to curve inward at about a 45 degree angle and the center of the stamen is slightly dimpled.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower has small and thin pink petals and red stamen in the middle
a long and large flower that is white and purple and a large brown center.
pale pinkish purple thin petal flower with bulbous protruding center with visible orange pollen area
this flower has a round brown center and long, thin pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and long.

long oval petals are pale lavender with a deeper purple stripe, arrayed around a cluster of white and purple stamen.
white petals with purple stripes white and purple middle dark green leaves
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are striped in the center.
this flower has a single layer of light lavender petals that are striped down the middle with dark pink.
this flower has petals that are white with pink lines
these flowers have white petals with purple veins and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stripes
this flower has white petals with purple stripes down the center of them.
the petals of this flower are oval shaped and white, with a prominent purple stripe in the centers and a large white pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that striped near the center.

five very large petals that are green with red speckles, the green stamen are in abundance.
this flower has light green petals with red dots accompanied by stamens and pistils.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are green with red dots
the petals on this flower are green with red dots.
a flower with long and wide petals that are curled outward.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
a large green and purple flower with a big stigma center.
this flower has large wide yellow petals with pale pink accents.
this flower has green and purple petals as well as a green pistil.

leaves are green,flower is white in color with some yellow patches
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has yellow and white petals with a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the petals of this flower are yellow and white with a short stigma
this yellow and white flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white petals with a yellow center, dark green leaves and a small black ovule.
flowers with 5 gold and white large ovoid petals and hidden pistil
this flower has very smooth petals that are oblong in shape and yellow and white in color.

the flower has yellow petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower has multiple yellow stamen and five wide, rounded yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are round.
a yellow flower with five petals and the stamen are also yellow. m
this small yellow flower has five rounded petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has flowery stigma
the flower has five vibrant yellow petals with clusters of bright yellow short stamen.
the flower has round yelllow petals and many yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
this flower is ball shaped with purple overlapping petals and green pedicel.
this flower has small blue blossoms of wide rounded petals.
this flower is green and blue in color, with curled petals.
this flower has blue petals that are folded together in a bulb
a flower with long and wide petals that are curled inward.
this flower has large rounded petals and a sturdy stem with multiple offshoots.
this flower has large rounded petals and a sturdy stem with multiple offshoots.
this flower has large rounded petals and a sturdy stem with multiple offshoots.

the flower has long oval pink petals and a long green pedicel.
a flower with large rounded pink petals and a large white pistil.
three wrinkled fushia petals with two distinct faded pink pistils.
the petals are not symmetrically arranged, petals are twisted to the sides.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has bright pink leaves with pointed tips surrounding tiny white blooms.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower has bright pink petals and yellow and pink filament.
this flower has large pink petals and white stigma.

the flower shown has a small yellow petal with dark pistil in the center
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower has simple elongated yellow petals and a tight core of dark stamen and stigma.
yellow, straight petals flank the dark brown center of the a small flower.
this flower has long, then yellow petals and a dark brown stamen.
the flower has black stamen and long thin oval shaped yellow petals.
this flower has long thin deep yellow petals with a dark brown round center.
this flower has a round brown center and long rounded yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

