The woman under the tree holds onto her purse.
A man is walking through some banana plants.
a kitchen with a oven and table inside of it 
A cat sitting on a desk eating off a plate.
a comfortable living room with brown leather couches and a fireplace
Train drives down the tracks along the treeline
a couple of sheep sticking their heads through a wooden fence
Sign of Arch Street Fire Department saying "He who laughs last thinks slowest"
A group of motor scooters sitting in a parking lot.
A man riding a skateboard up the side of a wall.
An airplane parked on a runway near a fence.
These two dogs are playing while another dog is approaching them.
A giraffe stands next to a wall in a zoo exhibit.
A plastic bag with flat bread and an egg in it
Two cranes behind a stop sign and a street sign indicating Fort York Blvd.
A bird is sitting on a tree branch spreading its tail-feathers.
A group of people riding waves on top of surfboards.
A kitchen counter with utensils hanging over it
A lone duck swimming in the grey green water of a marsh.
Green cake in the shape of a truck holding sticks.
A large mountain range partially covered with snow.
A close up of a pizza with people sitting around the table.
A slice has been cut from the large cake.
Mountains can be seen through the window of a plane. 
Tools are lying in a road on pieces of thick wood. 
A man is eating a slice of pizza while holding a napkin.
A man with a boat paddle standing on a boat.
A person that is crouching down in the ground.
A woman holding a surfboard on a beach.
Two people sitting and waiting on opposite ends of a bench.
a person jumping a skate board in the air 
The room has a partition seperating a couch from the bed.
A floating toilet has the seat up next to a toilet paper holder in a bathroom.
A surfboard is decorated and sitting in the sand.
A man is sitting on the sidewalk while a police officer is doing something behind him.
this is an image of two people flying a kite in the snow
two guys are outside moving a refrigerator 
Two large pizzas sitting on wire cooling racks.
Pizza crusts sit in open boxes on round tables.
A truck and sheep in a green field.
A well dressed guy and a pretty girl posing together.
The cat is peering out of the window.
The Joseph William a blue boat grounded on the sand.
A child drinking from a bottle in one hand and holding a remote control in another.
A young boy holding a Frisbee to his face.
A yellow fire hydrant is on a brick sidewalk.
A man is leaning down on a green lawn.
a park bench that is on top of some bricks
Toy bear in a Santa costume sitting next to a window. 
A lone Zebra near a rock with large rock face in background.
A woman reclining in a swimsuit on a lounge chair holds a cell phone in each hand.
A boat in the distance on a clear lake.
A plate on a wooden table topped with lots of food.
A giraffe walking past a tree on a dirt landscape.
A man riding skis with wheels mounted to them.
A person riding on top of an elephant on the street.  
this is a group of birds sitting on a bench
A traffic light sits on on the side of the road
A seating area with an umbrella and some ball shaped decor.
A horse is grazing on a small shrub.
Two people holding umbrellas standing on a bridge.
several people on a beach showering with their surfboards
A man in an old-fashioned solider outfit sits on top of a horse. 
A pizza of some sort on a pan.
The couple is cutting the cake to share with guests.
A bunch of people are sitting on the beach under blue umbrellas.
a ferry boat and a jet flying over head
A teenager is wearing glasses and a tie.
A table topped with ripe bananas and other piles of food.
A street scene with the street sign knocked over
military people getting off and on the train.
Several different types of stuffed animals arranged on shelves.
Four glasses of wine being brought together by people.
a parking meter with the word "fail" written on it
A teddy bear is sitting near to a toy with pegs.
An elephant being transported down the road on the back of a truck.
A young person on a horse makes a jump.
A stop sign is next to a tall apartment building.
a police car parked outside of a building 
A street sign that reads "South Rd" is mounted to a pole.
A large long train on a steel track.
an electric parking sign on the side of the road
A heron is standing on the edge of a body of water.
A pasture with sheep in front of a large home 
A girl swings a net a tennis ball. 
A group of four sheep in a grass field area with trees in the background.
The other side of the track at a train station is under construction.
A vase filled with purple flowers and green plants.
an image of a man on his surfboard riding the ocean waves
There is a zebra in the middle of a grassland area. 
A lovely, pink flower bouquet in a clear glass vase.
The train is stopped in the rural station.
The cat is laying in the packed suitcase.
Three children playing video games on the sofa.
A para surfer and a sail boarder on a body of water.
The two cows have a reddish tint to their hide.
Motorcyclists riding their bikes on a hot summer day.
A dog standing next to several plants on a patio.
two tennis players standing near eachother holding rackets
A wooden desk topped with a laptop and monitor.
A train stopping at the train station at night.
Someone who is holding a cell phone recording a women.
A large long train on a steel track.
two children  in pajamas playing with refrigerator magnets.
Man with open shirt standing next to bed.
Plaid staircase and floor with wooden railings and embroidery.
GRazing cows behind a fence in front of several buildings.
A woman standing on two dolphins holding a harness in a pool of water.
A person is standing inside a purple tent.
kids out on the field playing soccer together
a women cutting the hair of a guy with long hair
A dummy cow hanging from a building next to windows
THE LIGHT IS GREEN BUT THERE IS A DIGITAL SIGN THAT SAYS MASON ST CLOSED
A dirty public washroom with a newspaper near the toilet roll.
A meal consisting of pizza and salad is shown.
a lady that is surfing in some water
a man and woman leaning against a motorcycle
Large clock sitting on top of several items in a small room. 
People are walking on the street by a homeless person.
a man is bending something with his hands
Two different types of airplanes are parked on the runway. 
A zebra grazing in a red dirt field.
A cat in the foreground and a duck in the background.
Some cattle are walking on a dirt trail
Some women in helmets are riding in kayaks.
A woman skiing beside a park regards a dog.
A boy doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp.
A simple gray bathroom including sink and shower.
