a man is reaching for something in the truck bed
A man holds and gestures toward a sandwich
Two dogs running and playing in the sun.
A truck is parked on the side of a street in a city.
A white walled bathroom features beige appliances and furniture.
A microwave has a little board coming out from underneath.
Calico cat discontentedly lying on blue folding chair.
A bathroom with a shower and a double sink arrangement being shown.
Four jet airplanes flying straight up in the sky leaving a smoke trail.
A stop sign on a street sign post at the intersection of Swampfox and Gamecock roads.
Several people are standing and sitting on benches with skateboards.
a bed frame that is set up in a room
a woman gets ready to perform a serve 
A cooked pizza that has some slices missing.
A man sitting in the grass and holding a cell phone.
Baby at her first birthday party feeding dad cake.
Parks benches sit on the leaf covered ground overlooking the water.
A full view of a suburban city with people. 
A red metro bus stopped beside a sidewalk in the city as traffic passes.
a group of people sitting at a table with different pans of pizza 
A bedroom with a bed, mannequin and chairs.
The very tall giraffe is walking across the road.
A black and white photograph of a zebra grazing.
A man lays on a bed and smiles to himself.
Many boats are floating in the water at sunrise.
a number f people standing near one another 
Yellow daffodils are in a white vase on a white table.
The ears of this horse are sticking straight up. 
a train on the railroad near a forested area
a blurry photo of deer in between trees
A large red fridge is sitting on the red carpet. 
A man and a woman hold hand in the grass.
A small refrigerator with signs on it detailing "BUTTER WORMS", "WAX WORMS", "12 GREEN CRAWLERS" and "18 CANADIAN NIGHTCRAWLERS OR 30 WORMS $3.69".
A kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, and an oven.
A player attempting to cool off during a tennis match.
A lunch box of some sorts is placed on the table. 
A woman swinging a tennis racquet on a clay court.
a short passenger train on a track by a grassy hill
a bumpy green plant that someone is holding in a shop 
Two giraffes are in a field with trees on a sunny day.
The man and the woman are looking at the food in the fridge.
a white boat is out on the water
A bathroom with a mint green tub and sink, filled with various personal items.
A toilet is sitting on the street between a van and a parked car.
A MAN SITTING DOWN AT A TABLE EATING SOMETHING
The colors of the phone blend in with the plant.
Outdoor scene of blue water surrounded by a small hut and green shrubbery.
A group of zebras is grazing among some bushes.
A frame has six pictures, two with a horse.
two guys making silly faces for a picture
A young man in an arm chair with a laptop in his lap.
Three guys on a couch playing a video game.
Sleeping cat on couch holding a television remote.
a shoe rack with some shoes and a dog sleeping on them
Cattle grazing at bottom of valley with mountains rising high above
A baby pressing a key on a laptop.
A cat laying in a basket and a mirror in a room.
a man is throwing a frisbee in a field
Kids taking turns in the pool walking on surf boards.
Young men are sitting around with their suit cases.
Some very cute looking dogs together on leashes.
A rally of some sort outside a stadium
A boy wearing a purple tennis shirt with tennis racket in hand.
Group of people in an open market with a variety of fruits. 
Luggage and a backpack on a mattress in an apartment
A pizza sitting on a pan next to a plate and silverware.
A young boy holding a bat standing next to home plate.
A big buss travelling through an intersection in a city.
A person sitting on the concrete looking at a skateboard
A red stop sign with an eating animals sticker taped on it 
A church steeple with a clock built into it.
Several dishes are ready in plates and bowl on the table.
A group of horses racing down a track next to a green field.
A baseball batter trying to hit a baseball.
a home made birthday card with a black chicken on it
A white truck travels down a residential street past some trash cans.
Brown and black dog pulling on a white frisbee together. 
An ice sculpture of a large vase is holding flowers outdoors.
Indoor crates hold a variety of fruits. 
The train is traveling over the curved bridge.
Two cats sitting on a patio next to a white chair.
A make preparing food on a counter in a kitchen. 
this is a red bus driving in the rain
A person hitting a tennis ball with a racket.
A skier from early in the 20th century jumps from a snow covered hilltop.
Three images showing the making of a smoothie.
In a men's bathroom, there are photos of men over the urinals. 
a black toilet in a wood floored bathroom
A close up of a person holding a hot dog to the camera.
A young woman opening her mouth and biting into a hot dog.
A young man skateboarding and doing some tricks in the air. 
A team of medical staff using equipment in a hospital.
A man opening the oven with food in one hand.
A train going past a herd of pigs and a couple horses.
a man taking a selfie in a little bathroom mirror 
These three people are traveling down the river in a raft. 
a green tour bus driving down the road
Three people walking down a beach with surfboards.
An all white kitchen with a stove, dishwasher and cabinets.
A pink bus parked next to a garbage truck.
A woman smiles as a man cooks on a stove.
A little girl with umbrella walking in rain.
Man flips while surfing on a surfboard in the water.
A rusty fire hydrant is close to the edge of the curb and painted green.
Stuffed toys propped up as if they are reading and listening to a book
A bird on a beach, standing on wet sand.
a silver microwave oven on a tan counter and a window
A little girl holding a teddy bear. 
Three chocolate cupcakes and two forks are on a wooden table.
The signs are clearly posted on the street for us to see.
A baseball player throwing a baseball during a baseball game.
A cow walking on the side of the road beside a home and some bikes. 
A street sign hangs in front of a large building.
A large tall brick tower has a clock on top.
a smiling man standing in front of a microphone stand 
A microwave is shown with three seconds left.
Two zebras standing in a field lean their heads against each other.
A single giraffe is walking through tall grass.
Horses stopping at the river to drink some water.
A little girl riding her bike on the pavement.
Two different kinds of glazed donuts sitting on a white plate. 
A young man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.
A black and white bird behind some branches.
There is one slice of pizza left on the pan.
A hot dog on a bun has several garnishments.
A soccer match on a university athletic field.
this is a farm scene showing mother cow  with calf in the grassy pasture.
Some folks in a very big field flying some kites.
A Zebra standing on a dirt ground inside a fenced area.
A plate of noodles, broccoli, and some meat.
Rows of black parking meters on street next to sand.
A tall brick building behind a tall water fountain.
Large field with pumpkins ready for picking soon.
A group of birds flying over the water
A living room with two windows filled with furniture.
A rusted, primer colored truck parked in front of a house.
Baseball player standing at home plate waiting on the pitch. 
A pasta and broccoli salad is shown with garbanzo beans.
A desk with a laptop and camera on it.
a red white yellow and green truck and some grass
A skateboarder doing a trick at a skate park.
a bathroom with a sink a mirror a toilet and a shower
An open box contains an unknown, purple object
A bunch of boats that are sitting in the water.
An animal pen containing sheep, goats and llamas.
A large steak dinner displayed on white dishes.
Elephants in a national park blowing dust around
A remote control sitting on a table with the telivision in the background. 
Gray cat looking at electronic monitor next to phone.
A snowboarder whizzes his way down a snowy slope.
Some gazelle and a zebra standing in a field.
A bowl has a soup with potatoes and vegetables. 
The fresh oranges are cut up on the table outside.
two people standing near one another with kites in the air 
many boxes of oranges in some kind of market
A man in an offensive pose holding a tennis racquet.
A woman sitting on a bench with a book in her lap.
Young man performing skateboard maneuvers at a skate park.
A man helping a boy on a paddle board in the water.
A group of people riding a miniature train.
Street sign on pole outside of building with windows.
A group of people riding waves on top of surfboards.
Several umbrella's and chairs sitting on a beach.
a small kitchen clustered with small  utensils 
Be sure to stop before entering Central or Jackson.
A napkin holds a bun with crispy fries mustard and ketchup.  
a child holding a tennis racket hitting a ball
Two people watching a jet airplane coming in for a landing.
A little girl and her dog all dressed for the Fourth of July
Engine of airplane in foreground with shot of vast beautiful landscape below.
A man in baseball team uniform on pitchers mound in throwing stance with mitt on a hand and ball in a hand with spectators in stands behind.
The airplane is parked on the runway of the airport.
a large airplane coming in for a landing
A plate of food with two scoops of guacamole sitting on a shredded carrots and cabbage.  
table covered with a black tablecloth and several bottles of wine
A young woman holding up her phone to take pictures
A boy in an orange t-shirt plays a video game.
Four zebras standing in the grass on a cloudy day.
A parking meter beside a statue with a bag hung from it
Leafy bath mats are on the floor in the bathroom.
A truck with it's door open parked at the waters edge.
There are many people standing at the top of this hill
A yellow fire hydrant with a hat on top.
A man and woman are looking at a computer screen.
a person looking at her laptop while cooking
A person jumps on a snow hill on skis.
A baby holds a toothbrush in its hand.
A red double decker bus sits parked down from a red phone booth.
People in chairlifts going up a mountain, over skiers going down the mountain.
dog sitting next to a window sill looking out an open window
A woman has served herself a slice of pizza on a plate.
Two men walking down a sidewalk past a vacant building.
Horses grazing in a lush green pasture behind a  white fence.
A woman looks as if she is rejecting a kiss from a horse. 
Two stop lights hang next to each other at twilight.
A man plays a Wii bowling game in a large room.
A healthy vegetable dish with broccoli is served.
A cup of coffee, donut and backpack atop a wooden table.
the train is crossing a street in the city
A woman eating food at a table in a kitchen.
some people are sitting in front of desks
A bathroom has a custom bathtub with no curtain
A man is enjoying his day of skiing, trying to stay up float. 
a group of people stand on the beach talking 
Professional tennis player moving to intercept a ball heading his way.
Two women in the calm water on paddle boards and wearing wet suits.
A very big table filled with many assorted food items.
A parked motorcycle in front of a brick stair case.
A surfboard and paddle on the beach with calm waves
Someone in a red hat standing on a snowy hill
A public toilet with a lid with buttons
People walking past a boy skateboarding in a covered plaza
Two people riding skis at a ski slope
Three donuts are arranged on a white lacy plate.
a cat laying on a couch with a banana toy
People walking down the street with umbrellas on a rainy evening.
A small room with a bed, a desk, and a big window.
The living and dining rooms of an old house
a train car that looks like a school bus on rails
THERE IS A COW CROSSING THE STREET IN THE DAY
This is two people about to eat some food with chopsticks.
A man is cooking desserts in a green kitchen with a green bowl. 
A bathroom with a toilet, stand alone sink and a mirror.
A group of people and a sign in the snow.
A woman standing at a counter holding a wine glass.
A young boy reading a book on top of a child's bed.
A jetliner sitting on top of an airport runway.
A bunch of plates that are sitting on a table.
A group of kids on a court playing basketball.
A woman boarding a bus in a Chinese city.
A buffet of breakfast items laid out on a counter
People riding down the road on their bikes 
some knights horses flags sand and people 
A large animal laying on top of a lush green field.
A glass of liquid sits next to books and a remote.
a green chair a white couch a light and a picture
A child is talking to a man at a baseball game.
a person holds a plate with some food on it
A large group of cattle walk down a road near some mountains.
four different boats sand and a black dog
a room with a sink and a bathtub and towels 
A skyscraper rises high into the sky in front of a clock tower.
A white polar bear is walking on some rocks.
This girl is outside playing with an oven
A group of sheep with a donkey walking in a parking lot.
some horse running around in a field 
a horse walking on a small platform in front of a group of people
A group of adult elephants and one baby elephant drinking water.
this tabby cat must trust this man since she is showing her stomach
a person sitting in a chair in a store 
Two street signs are attached to an electrical pole
An old television sitting on the edge of a stand. 
a bowl with fruits and vegetables in front of a blender
two male snow skiers both in black jackets
A brown, black and white dog laying on a sofa.
Serious looking couple with light brown Teddy bear, side sun light.
A sailboat on the water of a clear blue lake beneath a snowcapped mountain.
a plate of food near a cup of coffee on a table
Individual is doing something at the moment that is intriguing.

The roof of a green train stopped on the train track.
A wheel along back pack with a jacket strapped to the top
A mountain valley with several cattle grazing on it.
two girls riding a horse with a guide leading it
a close up of a pizza being cooked on a grill
a woman is standing over a white cake
A man on skies is cutting through the snow
A girl in a blue bowtie standing next to a pink Princess Parking Only sign.
A large sheep is standing in the grass with two small sheep.
a group of elephants walking through a grassy field.
A crowd watching a professional baseball game on a sunny day
a police car parked outside of a building 
A clock that looks like it has melted sitting on the edge of a shelf. 
Fruits and vegetables are on the stove top in the kitchen.
A group of people are flying kites in a field.
A man holds a tennis racket on a tennis court.
Fall foliage on display along the waterfront of a park.
A hot dog with grilled onions sitting on a foil wrap
A man with full body tattoos is on his cell phone. 
A meat dish prepared with a side of more meat.
An intersection of a city as the signs guide the way.
A closeup of a zebra in a field.
The floor of the bathroom is strewn with toilet paper.
Large red wall with shuttered window and fire hydrant
A doughnut case at a shop with many offerings
A large jet liner flying under the moon.
A piece of bread with an egg in its center.
A person's reflection in the mirror of a small bathroom.
An elderly man wearing the head of a toothbrush as a moustache.
A couple of women sitting and standing in front of a cake.
A surfer heads down the incline of a wave.
Semi trucks on a parking lot with orange cones.
A group of cattle standing on a cement surface.
A train moving on a bridge over the mountains.
A young girl is enjoying her plate of spaghetti. 
brocolli cut up on a cutting board next to a knife
Two security personnel holding two dogs at the coastline
Transit buses are parked in neat diagonal rows.
A lady feeding a giraffe in some tent setting.
A woman is holding a tennis racket on a court.
A kitchen with a stove and several cabinets in it.
people sitting on a bench facing the water.
a couple of sheep standing on some grass 
Men are in a kitchen eating and drinking or getting ready to eat.
a see through glass shower in a bathroom 
A cat that is laying on top of a laptop.
A man carrying a surfboard near the ocean 
A very messy bed covered with many books and a bear.
a blue suitcase sits on the floor in front of 2 pair of shoes
The man is dressed up with a tie posing for a picture. 
a woman in a brown shirt shopping for produce
A man on a surf board is riding a wave in to the beach.
A young chef looking at his freshly prepared mini pizza creation
a close up of a nintendo wii controller on someones lap
A bird with red eyes is sitting on a tree branch.
An old world war II airplane is hanging from cables from the ceiling with a bunch of people walking around.
A man who is trying to hit a tennis ball.
A red, double decked bus is on a city street as small cars pass it on the street.
A group of people on a swing in the snow.
A bathroom with a television, sink and two boxes of tissues. 
Skateboarder going down the side of a rail in a city. 
Black and white photo of a long train.
a group of people riding skis on a snowy slope
Two giraffes in an enclosure near a body of water. 
A floor topped with a pile of luggage and a box.
A dog is sitting on the floor with nothing to do. 
a yellow and white freight train sitting idle on the track
A sandwich is prepared on swirly bread and sided with onion rings.
An airplane parked at a airport terminal under gray skies.
The ball seems to be in unanticipated play.
There are three clocks pictured with a glass.
A batter dodges a bad pitch in an attempt to save his life.
Shirtless man pushing his bike on a city street. 
a group of suitcases sitting by a fence with an umbrella 
Multiple pizza pans with a variety of pizza on them.
The sun is shining down on a stop sign.
A white teddy bear sitting on top of a trash can.
a small kid holding on to a stop sign
a close up shot of a giraffe's chest and long neck
The transit train stretches down the track under the power lines.
A group of people are playing guitars on the sidewalk.
A little girl plays at changing her teddy bear's diaper.
Blurry picture of people in an airport near baggage claim.
a couple of cars that are going down a road
A computer sitting on top of a desk in a room with a wooden floor.
A city street sign in front of a very big building.
A snowboarder sitting down taking a break from his ride down the slope.
An open carriage with people in it being drawn by a horse.
Pedestrians on cobblestone roadway outside of city businesses.
A bird with wings outstretched is by a tree.
a picture of a polka dot pattern tie
A man lounging back in a green kayak up on the beach.
a couple of people lay under an umbrella on a beach 
A herd of cows are sitting on the beach.
The mom is teaching her daughter to play baseball
A toasted sandwich with sliced fruit and a fork.
A busy city street is lit up by vehicles and building lights
Two pictures show two different rodents in different colors but they are the same species.
a cat laying on a television with its leg hanging over the edge
A person cutting a sheet cake with a large knife.
A kitchen containing an oven, a microwave and a kitchen island.
A dog take hold of a frisbee from someone's hand.
A woman takes pictures of people flying kits on a beach.
there is a man sitting at a table using a lap top
A boy in blue pajamas holding bananas on counter.
A table topped with a cell phone and the contents of it's package.
a light brown bathroom with a white sink and mirror
Group of young men playing with a disk toy.
A man has his hand up to his ear as he walks past a bridge. 
Little girl smiles at camera while laying down on a teddy bear
A couple of men standing next to a pizza on top of a wooden spatula.
a very large pizza that is sitting on the table
A gingham doll poses in bed with a remote control.
A woman stands near water with a surfboard.
a basket of broccoli carrots and some califlower
This is the outside of a building in a city.
a couple of motorcycles that are next to a road
A boy doing a trick on his skate board at the skate park 
Three zebras look towards the camera in their habitat.
two sheep staring on a rocky  near a bush
A plate of dessert sitting beside a drink in a cafe.
A large orange rug in a room with many chairs and a rocking chair.
there are many cows walking around the grass
a dog is tied up to a fire hydrant
A farmer with two black cows and machinery in the farm field.
A banana laying next to a plastic container with lid.
a professional baseball player throwing a baseball from a mound
A person cross country skiing on some smooth snow
This is a group of ducks walking across a Sam's Club parking lot.
Two polar bears sleep on a rocky hill.
A woman and man walking on the street while the woman talks on her cell phone. 
The dog enjoys playing outside and laying down in the house.
The couple scoots around town on the motorbike.
A woman swinging a tennis racket on a court.
the person is reaching for a slice of pizza 
A man is cleaning the wall next to an elephant.
A large clock standing among a building with a lamp in the from of the picture
A living room area with couches facing a television and windows on the side wall and on the wall behind the television.
Woman being fitted into a green suitcase on bed. 
a bus parked in front of a building 
Group of people standing underneath a blue and purple umbrella. 
It's a rainy day on the street and people are using umbrellas.
a woman walks with some sheep down a walk way 
An open bathroom with a skyscraper shower curtain
A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
A child's plate of food and a fork on a table.
A white refrigerator with a bed in the background.  
a red yellow and green bus some flowers and some trees
A stop light is on the ground by a ratty chair.
Several people are lining the streets watching a parade.
A cake with Japanese writing with forks about to dig in.
Large display of fruits inside a store window. 
A white and brown cow with a baby calf next to it.
A room with a sofa and a TV on top of shelves. 
A man poses with a statue of a girl and luggage
Road sign displayed on pole at roadway intersection.
Some wood is stacked on a shelf by an oven.
MAN IN SWIMMING TRUNKS RUNNING IN THE SAND.
A kitchen that has a refrigerator, oven, and sink in it.
A bunch of zebras with some on the ground.
A tennis player getting ready to swing at the ball.
Two giraffes crossing paths on a green and grassy field.
Two elephants are roaming in a field of grass.
The kitchen is equipped with all the appropriate appliances.
A remote control sitting on top of a wooden table.
Two buses are traveling on a busy street.
A woman and man talking underneath an umbrella
A white airplane flies over mountains and forests.
A bird standing on top of a bench. 
A hot-dog with chili is sitting in a styrofoam container next to a serving of mustard.
A plate full of vegetables sitting on the table
The man is riding the elephants near the water.
A zebra laying in the dirt looking away from the camera. 
A woman is holding a gray kitten near a bathroom.
A man in a police uniform riding a motorcycle.
Eight people at a business dinner posing for a photograph 
A desk holds a laptop, mouse, modem, and a lamp and there is a brown chair in front of it.
a big bathroom with double sinks a closed stall and a urinal
A picture of a street light and sign showing the street names.
A to-go box with a chicken and cheese sub in it and a pickle and a phone.
Large clock sitting on top of a black post in a park. 
A kitchen is featured with a refrigerator, microwave and stove.
A close up of a giraffe in front of a pole.
A cat laying down on the arm of a couch.
A little boy eating a stack of pancakes with berries on top. 
Two people run to a person catching a frisbee. 
Feet with a snowboard attached and people walking in the background.
Toilet paper stacked on he back of the toilet
A skier stands ready with knees slightly bent and arms poised.
A young boy sits on the floor by a skateboard and skating equipment.
A dog laying on grass with a frisbee in his mouth.
A wrap of some sort with bacon and lettuce on it.
a group of people with snow board stand on the snow 
A mattress is placed on a wooden floor next to a television and shoes.
a kite skier on a white board is in the air
A train on tracks is near a sign that reads, "Bologna Centrale". 
A burger that is sitting on top of foil.
People looking at sheep in a series of indoor pens.
The man touches the snout of the brown and white cow 
a person in a field playing with a frisbee
Three people on beach with surfboard and boogie board.
a man sticking his nose inside a wine glass
A skier stands at the top of a snowy mountain.
A baby dressed in pink lying on a down comforter.
Friends having a cup of tea at the end of a long meal at a restaurant
Two people are riding horses down a trail.
Several boats are sitting idly in the water. 
Three orange hi-lo's sitting in a room. 
A kitchen has a door, refrigerator, stove, sink, microwave, and dishwasher in it.
The intersection of a street with some brightly colored buildings in the background.
A train that is passing by a very large city.
A piece of chocolate cake is decorated with strawberry.
A dog looking out the window of a vehicle 
Four men are playing a game in a park.
Skiers readying to ski down a hill next to a ski lift.
a person riding a surf board on a wave
The meal on the plate looks like breakfast.
Yellow sunflower sitting in a blue vase by a brick wall. 
A diesel locomotive hauling some freight through the countyside
A full view of an open kitchen and dining area.
A fire hydrant that is sitting on the sidewalk.
A group of people riding on the back of an elephant.
An artisan pizza sitting on a table with a plaid table cloth.
White toilet by built-in shelves in a tiled bathroom.
a big bear standing on the grass staring around
A parking meter sitting on the sidewalk in front of a building.
a man that is skateboarding on a big ramp
A baseball batter swinging at a baseball pitch.
People feeding a large elephant at the zoo.
An all-white bathroom with a light fixture and small mirror above a sink
A motorcycle rally with leading person showing flag of US.
A brown horse grazing in a green field.
The large dog is trying to talk to his mistress.
A man standing behind a horse on a  field.
Old hot rods are sitting in a grass lot.
Someone is eating a doughnut beside bins of strawberries.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink and bathtub/shower stall.
The man in the red tie is putting on his glasses.
The traffic light and mirror are surrounded by high buildings.
An online game player playing while two other men look on.
a man that is on a skateboard on a rail
A giraffe eats a leaf from a boy's hand.
There are three suitcases on the side of the road. 
A surfer on his belly riding a wave
A small boy chewing on a blue and white toy.
A pitcher throwing a ball at a baseball game.
a cat chasing its toy in an awkward position
A zebra stands with its head down in its enclosure. 
A blueberry pastry in a bowl with a strawberry and a cup of coffee.
Concrete stairs lead to the double doors of the house.
A one way sign and two other signs mounted to a pole
A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.
A toy train runs along an outdoor track.
