A bird is sitting on a tree branch spreading its tail-feathers.
A passenger jet that is flying in some clouds.
A man is sitting at a table and posing as President Barack Obama.
A group of kids seated on the floor with cello-tape and other items 
The speed limit on the tree filled road is 20 miles per hour.
this is a sign in front of a large cathedral
two men standing next to each other with some blue and silver ties
A trailer has a big baseball advertisement on it's side.
A gold clock that is on the table.
The longhorn sheep are grazing on the mountain.
a man and woman are getting married 
The metro just pulled up and its doors are open awaiting passengers.
A bicycle is parked outside of a stone building with a cat lying next to it.
The church has a tall tower where a clock is displayed. 
An orange cat lies down on top of a sofa. 
A black and a grey cat sit beside each other.
Black and white photo of the mean standing next to a cow.
A person is flanked by luggage and a pillow.
A table that has a large number of small cups of food on it.
A herd of elephants standing under some trees.
A cat sitting on top of a microwave that is on a kitchen counter.
A person rides a buggy pulled by a single horse in an indoor environment.
A man who is performing a trick on a skateboard.
A man standing on a paddle surf board paddling with a paddle.
A man hitting several tennis balls on a tennis court
an overhead picture of a pool with a swimmer and large umbrella
a parking meter repair man working on a parking meter.
Four umbrella's with chairs sitting on a beach near the ocean.
A teddy bear sitting in a chair near a window.
A one way sign with a yellow blinking light on top.
A close up of two small dogs running.
A man holds a baseball and winds up to throw it.
A male tennis player swinging a red ratchet.
A city bus pulled up alongside a curb
A kitchen with a metallic stove top sitting  under a window.
An artsy tower clock is a focal point for food courts on this street.
A toilet in a very small enclosure without a door.
A woman and a man holding each others hand.
Two metal tins rest on a stove top oven
A man holding a glass full of beer in his right hand.
The fountain cleaner is intently doing his job.
A white oven with a stove on top of it sitting in a kitchen.
A woman holding an umbrella is standing near a flower shop.
Skier in full gear near start of run, with onlookers.
An all white room in an institution with a hospital bed.
A group of men standing near a vehicle and planes.
A person is holding an HP CD above a laptop computer.
A picture done by Independent Expression Photography of a girl posing in an empty road sitting on her suit cases.
Two teddy bears with candy bars sitting on a table.
A fire place sitting inside of a living room.
PEOPLE CELEBRATING WITH CHOCOLATE CAKE AND WINE 
Rodeo cowboy falling into dirt next to bucking horse
A sandwich with a bite taken on a plate.
A tall giraffe standing in the field 
A cute German Shepard sits in the midst of flood waters.
The couple is sitting on the bench at the top of the sunny steps.
A baseball player that is sliding to a base.
We see a young man running into the surf with his board.
White and black cow stands over dead grass by a river
A panda sitting in its enclosure with trees and bushes.
A snowy and icy side of rock, with a sign standing in front of it.
A man doing a skateboard trick on a ramp.
a group of people riding skis on a snowy surface
A living room with television and lights turned on.
The pond, surrounded by trees, and a fence on one side, has several row boats in it, as people paddle them around on a sunny day.
kids leaning up against a wall with graffiti and texting.
A woman with a blue wig brushes her teeth. 
A hotel bed has a rosy red glow coming in.
This skateboarder is holding a skateboard on top of his foot.
a person riding skis holding on to a parachute
A corner desk with a laptop on top rests next to a printer.
Young men playing disc golf in treed area of park.
A small black dog sits beside a pair of shoes.
A dog chases a flock of ducks in a green field.
A tall building that has a clock with roman numerals on it. 
A number of parking signs on a post on a city street.
There are four hotdogs on this person's plate.
a skier approaches a red bar stuck into the snow on a snowy hill
a woman and boy sitting at a table with cake.
A young boy catches a baseball while other players watch.
A hand holding a remote control towards a tv.
A door covered with hanging wrenches and a clock.
Several fresh donuts are sitting on their trays. 
A red bird standing on a car's side mirror looking into the car
A lady standing by a sliding door reading her phone.
a tower that will have a large clock at the top
A young girl having fun going down the stairs on her skate board
there are two men and a dog riding surf boards
Several trains are parked next to a platform underneath a ceiling.
A group of young children standing in a room next to each other.
Phones, watches and clocks laying on a table.
A large sliced pizza in a box on a table.
A row of sinks and mirrors in a rest room
 A small pack of giraffes are looking in to the distance.
A group of people sitting around talking to each other.
A girl holding a sandwich wrapped in paper.
A skier in mid air during a jump on the slope.
A dog with his mouth open in front of his cage. 
A baby sitting in an open suitcase on a bed.
a group of people that are wearing ski equipment 
A black and white image of a man dressed up in Midevil attire, riding a horse. 
A fire effect has been superimposed on a city street scene.
A baseball hitter swings and prepares to run.
An outdoor plaza is surrounded by tall white buildings.
Four pictures of a computer and a desk.
The kitchen sink is surrounded by knives, vegetables and paper towels.
A laptop with external keyboard, mouse, phone and photo on a desk.
A man is surfing down a wave in the ocean.
A vintage Chevrolet automobile with a toy bear under its hood.
A boat next to a an animal swimming in water.
Train yards are usually not very attractive places.
A man is watching a train come towards him on the tracks.
a person leaning on a bunch of oranges and apples
A group of people walking down the street with umbrellas
Three women standing in front of a sign about bananas and a bunch of bananas.
A teddy bear sitting in front of a back pack.
Some cars and people sit on a mostly empty beach. 
A short table with a on the television on top of it.
A photo and a skateboard sitting on the floor.
Stack of hard sided luggage in a retail store.
A dog is sitting on the floor in a car.
there is a man riding a bike with a dog on the back
Two people sitting on a stone bench holding umbrellas.
An elaborate lamp post clock in a city
a bowl of broccoli soup and some pieced of toast
A woman flying a kite in a field with a dress on.
A cat us peeking out under a stool with bottles on the floor.
A white toilet sitting in the corner of a brick structure.
A big bunch of broccoli next to a persons hand.
A toilet sitting next to a bathroom counter with a sink and a mirror.
two horses standing in the snow inside a fence
Two trains on tracks passing under a bridge.
a car drives down a dirty olf rainy road
A photo of the pier with birds flying above.
A man sits on a computer desk in a room. 
One woman with black, tied-back hair plays a golf video game on a Nintendo Wii with another woman in a white shirt.
The blanket has an arrangement of flowers laying on it with various other items. 
Two chili dogs in buns with peppers in a cardboard container.
A group of stuffed animals make an expression for the camera.
Woman sitting on a bench with man standing next to her while group watches
A large group of people on bicycles and scooters on city street.
A cow and calf grazing along the sea shore.
A very cute dog laying down on a big bed.
Several white computers are on a glass table.
A man playing tennis going high for the ball.
A tall clock tower and a tree against a blue sky.
The inside of a coffee shop with a big sofa, chairs and various lights and signs through the shop.
a brown and white cat meditating in front of a glass vase containing a plant.
A black statue of a dog with a pink hat is holding a teddy bear. 
A table with two birthday cakes with different decorations. 
An intersection shows  an expanse of empty road and then a car coming out from under a large arch that looks like a giant Chinese letter and stands between two buildings that stand at the forefront of am open walled walkway and retail venues. 
a bowl filled with different kinds of vegetables. 
A fighter jet parked for spectators to take photos.
A woman shows a man her cellphone while sitting. 
A cat sitting on top of a convertible car in a carport. 
A collection of silverware resting on a rack.
a small bathroom with a toilet and handwasher
a bowl of some kind of food in it
a close up of a person wearing a shirt and tie
a baseball player is on a field throwing a ball
A man holding an umbrella under a fat bride. 
A man with hat and two ladies are posing for a snap.
A man holding a baseball bat while waiting on a field.
Decorative objects on a counter in front of a framed picture.
Two policemen riding horses down a city street.
A stop light hanging over a city street
Black cow standing in a pasture near a ranch gate.
a purple smoothie inside of a blender bleneded
A group of sheep surrounded by three dogs.
a man sitting on a stool milking a cow
A chocolate dessert slice sitting on a clear plate accompanied by a fork. 
A horse that is strapped to a chain.
Triumph motorcycle and informational wall signage on display at an indoor showroom. 
Large jet airplanes parked at an airport waiting for passengers.
A black and white photo of a man sitting against the wall.
A young boy and girl sitting on couch playing driving video game.
A man carrying a bunch of bananas over his shoulders.
A small kitchen with white cabinets and a stainless steel stove.
A herd of sheep standing next to a dog in a field.
A bunch of boats floating in the water 
an image of a plate of food with meat and veggies
Part of chocolate cake with raspberries on top. 
An elephant covered in mud in front of other elephants.
a brown wooden chair a window and some brown plants
A man holding a black suit case inside a boxed truck.
A three level hanging fruit basket filled with fruit.
The view of a welcome sign on a bus 
A man laying down on what appears to be bunk beds in a small room.
The yacht is out on the ocean next to a buoy.
a brown bear standing in the water and looking at something 
Two boys play the Nintendo Wii in a house.
The smiling woman stands atop the slope wearing skis.
a man in the water with his arm on his surfboard 
Two vehicles with people clear out a field.
A mans feet and legs are shown as he stands over a black and white toilet. 
Cat sleeping on the hood of a convertible jeep
A baby in a bouncy seat chewing on a plastic toy.
People playing tennis together on the tennis court 
A train on a track going near some cows.
The woman is leaning against the building with an open suitcase
Teddy bear in toothy mouth of shark like artworks on front of car.
three people in Japanese clothing, two are carrying umbrellas and all are wearing sandals and they are walking past parked bikes. 
A cat lying on a park bench,wedged between the arm of the bench and a person.
Two women who are holding discs on a beach.
some pizza is laying on a black pan
A surfer heads out towards the waves with his board.
A man and a child sitting on a horse.
Many bikes lined up against a large bus.
a woman on her cell phone appears smiling and relaxed
a whole bunch of billboards and signs on the side of the street 
A woman touching the cheek of a giraffe.
The three bicycles are leaned on the tree.
A passenger plane takes off at a major airport. 
Surfers in wetsuits stand on the beach in front of waves.
Stop sign and street signs in a residential neighborhood.
a split photo of a person hitting a tennis ball 
Fresh and cooked vegetable meal on a cluttered table.
A teddy bear with a piece of wood sitting on a table.
a black cat laying on a desk in front of a laptop 
A box that is filled with different kinds of doughnuts.
The people walk pass the truck with the advertisement.
The motorcycle is parallel parked sideways in front of cars.
A table of fruits is laid out in buffet style at a restaurant.
Two men in uniform on two black horses on a street. 
a couple of kids are playing baseball in a field
a large air plane flying in the air
From the rear, we see a horse standing between two cars parked in a parking lot.
A large group of skateboarders are in the street.
A large brown bear is standing very close to a fence.
A sign for Water Lane by the side of a building.
A new white toilet being installed in a room with newly installed dry wall.
There is a room that is lit up.
There are two men standing on a mountain with a dog
A man is walking down the street eating a huge sandwich.
A woman in a cowboy hat opening a truck door.
A softball player hitting a ball in an organized game.
A broken park bench in front of a tree trunk.
there are many people by the river hiding umbrellas
A scenic view of a wooded area with parking meter
A bunch of boats that are sitting in the water.
a colorful sitting in the water with leaves around it 
Large living area of home with decorations and furniture and stone fireplace.
A painting on the side of a building.
A person on a snowboard doing a trick.
A man kneels petting two large adult dogs.
bus and a car stopped at a traffic light
A woman taking a selfie with a cat next to her.  
Crackers coated with spread, sitting on a plate, ready to eat.
a couple of train cars sitting by a fence 
A black and white cat sitting in a window sill.
a remote is resting on the seat of a wooden bench
This fluffy dog is loaded up wit some gear.
A boy sitting in front of an unfinished meal.
People are standing in the grass near flying kites.
Ties with dogs and cats are on display.
An inside out umbrella sculpture on a city street.
there is a woman that is sitting in front of a bedroom window
This is the outside of a building with chairs and benches present.
A farmland with a vehicle working on the land. 
A woman is looking in a mirror above a sink while brushing her teeth.
Brown and white cat sitting on the ledge of a window. 
A cat laying its paw on a computer keyboard.
A woman is laying on the bed in stockings with her skirt pulled up.
Two plates containing a hamburger and chips, and one drink are sitting on a small table.
A small bathroom is tiled in various shades of blue.
A woman seated at table with donuts and coffee.
A street sign on a street light pole and a gray colored building with many windows behind it.
a red metal water bottle sitting next to a computer keyboard
people sitting at restaurant tables talking and eating 
there are several brown bears walking along the log
A slice of pizza and some salad on a white plate
Vase of flowers laying on a shelving unit with various pots.
A sleepy cat snuggling with a stuffed animal.
A sandwich is sitting in a white plate on top of a wood table.
A man on a bicycle is carrying several tables.
An airplane is flying in the clear sky.
The word plague is written on a parking meter.
A young man holding a baseball bat over a base.
Vintage photo of double decker buses lining a city street. 
A group of skiers are standing at the bottom of a slope.
A skateboarders doing a trick on the lip of a half pipe.
A red fire hydrant protected by two tall red metal posts
A woman giving a peace sign at a table.
Several mounted police officers and their horses line up on the street. 
A shelf with dishes and a clock in a mirror reflection.
A fish eye view of a bus rounding a curve on a city street.
White dog getting attention from cows in farm enclosure.
Police officers lined up in a row riding on horses.
A blue tinted photograph of a man flying a kite on the beach.
Toilet with lid open in stall and white tiled floor
a bathroom with a sink and a mirror and a window
Sunlight is beaming in onto a small made bed.
THER IS A STATUE OF A MAN HOLDING A PIZZA 
A woman with her face painted white and decorated with a dragon. 
a plate of many different sweets and pastries on a wooden table 
The black cat is standing on a computer keyboard that is on the floor.
some traffic lights people buildings and cars 
a light house in the distance on a hill near water
A stuffed bear has been placed in a bunch of bananas
A tennis player swings the racquet during a game of tennis.  
a woman cutting a cake in front of some people 
Some people are travelling in the middle of a street and having fun.
A young couple sitting with an umbrella looking down at a cell phone
The batting line up is pinned on the fridge so everyone can see it
a bunch of bananas are bunched together 
A sign with many different stickers placed on it.
A woman wearing a long flowing green dress walking past a joust fight.
An old woman lying down being attended to by a child in India
A panda playing with some bamboo in a pen.
An old man looks at a cell phone screen.
A pizza that appears to be burned and has olives on it.
A man on a tennis court holding a racket and two tennis balls.
A polka dot fire hydrant outside of a firehouse
Bright lights surround a white Chevy pick up truck.
Fish and chips being served on a white plate with the actual fish tail still attached.
Two elephants are in a field of grass together.
Tatooed young man holding a basketball over his head.
Two giraffes that are standing in the dirt.
A man standing on a court with a tennis rack in his hands.
Two young elephants bathing in the murky water.
A clock that is standing on a table.
A red and white bullet train pulling into a station.
A bathroom with two sinks, two mirrors, two lights, a mirror and drawers attached to each sink. 
A bunch of items that are on a refrigerator.
A group of people who are riding skateboards in a skate park.
A  large  dog laying under a work desk in an office
Two children riding on a fire engine carnival ride. 
A public transit train near a train station.
A man rides an elephant into a river.
A lifeguard sits under a large, orange umbrella. 
A boy skateboarding along the top of a marble garden shelf.
A skateboarder is trying to do a trick. 
He is so tall that his wet suit doesn't quite fit him.
A cat sitting in the driver's seat of a car.
A man skateboarding in a concert skatepark in front of a large building.
A green and white bus number 51 that goes to Hyde Park.
Woman standing on skis hugging a green tree.
A black cat sitting on top of a wooden bench.
A man wearing a gray vest and a red stripe tie.
A woman cutting a cake with a knife.
Sign to downtown via clark street pointing left
a close up of a tray of food on a table
A black and white photo of children in a library
a long boat being used for a green house
An older woman and a young woman eating at a table.
Two skiers traveling on a snowy path in a forested area. 
a person on skis goes down a snowy hill 
The Eiffel Tower is shown in all of its grandeur.
A man skateboards down an urban street with grafitti.
This restaurant provides laptop computers in the booths for each of its patrons.
A person standing near a display of oranges and bananas.
A man and woman sitting on a concrete bench eating food while a crowd of people walk in the background.
A man in a leather jacket and knit hat resting a baseball over his shoulder
A number of zebras standing in the dirt near a wall. 
Motorcyclis in red white and blue clothing with matching colored motorcycle.
An empty city roadway is lit with street lights and traffic signals.
At a baseball game a player for one team swings at a ball.
A dog laying on the ground its leash tied to a fire hydrant.
A herd of sheep are standing together facing forward for a group photo.
A woman sitting next to a display on the ground of jewelry is talking on the phone.
The person is on the water with his skis. 
A table with a bowl of food, sandwich and wine glass sitting on it in a restaurant.
A woman with an umbrella is sitting in a lawn chair.
A man crouching on a skateboard balancing on top of a wooden object with a large amount of people around him watching. 
a person jumping a skate board in the air 
Two friends sharing a drink at a party.
People behind a gate and some are holding surfboards. 
Many buses drive down a street in a single file line
A teddy bear is dressed extravagantly and sits in a chair.
a man laying on a surfboard by a wave
The back of a bus with a hotel in the background.
a male in a white shirt riding a horse and also another horse
Pair of commodes side by side in unfinished bathroom area.
A cream colored and blue bus sitting in a parking lot.
A beautiful bathroom sink with a person taking a photo in the mirror.
A man in a tux eating a piece of pizza.
Woman addresses a group in business attire carrying umbrellas.
two dogs laying down in a pillow on a wooden floor
A small toilet lies in a narrow lavatory.
A young man is trying to pull off a high risk skateboard trick.
a black and white clock a tree and a building
A street sign that is next to a red light.
A close-up of a grilled cheese sandwich in a bowl of soup
A man and a woman stand under an umbrella.
Two men are surfing down a rough stream.
A little girl is preparing food at a table
Group of cars passing by a long row of apartment buildings. 
A young nerdy looking man with a red tie
A post with a sticker on it in a city
A pizza that is on a stack of plates.
Three children and one adult are lying on a bed reading.
Looking at a train approaching on the other track
People sitting on the table eating food and drinking.  
an image of a poorly lit old bathroom
A transport truck with a tarp covered trailer drive down the road.
A zebra standing next to another rolling in the dirt.
Church tower, beige stone color under partly cloudy skies. 
A bird trainer showing an audience a wild bird.
A woman is riding a horse around a red can
There are three glasses of wine on the table next to a menu. 
A picture of a guy skiing down a slope.
A horse stands in the grass between a road and a river.
Expired parking meter at curbside in metropolitan street.
The oranges, grapefruit and other produce are displayed at the market.
A tea kettle and skillet are sitting on a stove top
A decorated bathroom with dark granite counter tops.
Two sheep are outside and are covered in snow.
A skier is alone on a snow mountain 
There were six toilet all lined up along the wall.
A rusted old truck sits by a field.  
Having some Broccoli and mushrooms for dinner.  
People sitting at a table with a large sandwich in the middle.
The makings on a peanut butter sandwich on green bread
A teenager sitting in front of a store window talking on a cell phone.,
a man fixing a tire for a motorcycle
A elephant with large tusks standing in tall grass and brush, with trees behind it.
A couple of people in the sand looking at a plane.
Luggage is sitting at the top of the steps in the house
Small bear cub walking on log in dense forest.
A cow in the pasture drinking from a lake.
A bus parked in a street between two buildings.
Three young men at a table eating breakfast at a restaurant.
A little girl holding one ski and wearing a blue helmet. 
A skateboarder performing a trick in front of a crowd.
A tower holds a clock above a city street
an image of a train that is going down the tracks
A street sign is leaning over with trees and a hill in the background.
A dusk view of the city center focused on the statue of a man on a horse. 
An empty kitchen with a white stove top oven.
There are three giraffes in a zoo standing around.
a bunch of people sits at a table 
Two guys riding bikes at night on the street.
A hotel looking room has another room through the door.
A snowboarder in the air doing a trick
a  number of animals in a field near a gate
Various people sitting on yellow concrete barriers outside an old building.
Large white sheets on a blanket with a yellow headboard. 
a commercial jet airplane flies through a blue sky
This is a bare kitchen with white counters and basic appliances. 
A mushroom, pepperoni, pepper pizza on a cooling rack.
Several boats sitting in the water near a dock.
Two zebras standing on a gravel road look attached
A large bus driving down a open street
A girl playing with a frisbee and a boy lying on the beach. 
A wrong way street sign on a post in front of a church.
A group of people who are outside holding a Frisbee.
A group of elephants around a feeder in an enclosure
a room with a fire place and television inside of it 
THERE ARE CITY BUSES GOING DOWN THE STREET 
a man in red and black siding a wave on his surf board
A cat sitting on top of a TV in front of a closet.
An orange cat sitting inside a zippered bag.
Cross country skiers are engaged in a race.
A person doing a trick in the air while snowboarding .
A man is posing with a racket in front of a fence.
People walking and standing on a beach in a cove
A person on a motorcycle traveling on a street near a group.
a lite up sigh for the public market center and a clock
A subway station with a parked subway train.
A book opened to a page depicting a motor bike race.
A woman sitting on a couch with her dogs. 
A man wearing a green hat and eating some food.
A man in a tuxedo with a wine glass and two women beside him.
A couple of black cats sitting on a window sill.
A woman is rolling a piece of luggage.
A man standing over a small chocolate cake.
the back of a train going down the tracks.
Seagulls flock to feed on a rocky, clay-colored beach. 
A plate of food with rice and beans, broccoli and meat. 
A desk has a large cabinet and computers on it.
Two bags of garbage sitting in the bowl of a toilet.
a polar bear sticking its black tongue out
A double-decker bus stopping to pick up more passengers. 
The batter is is at bat and is tracking the pitch.
A brown and black cat is sitting on a park bench.
Three elephants are drinking water from the river.
A small gold clock on a fireplace mantle.
A lady is standing outside in front of a bus station.
Three cows in a pen staring at the camera.
A man that is holding a carrot at a table.
a man holding an umbrella and a flashlight
Small boats are lined up at the shore.
A woman preparing to swing her tennis racquet at an incoming tennis ball.
A woman is riding a bime with no handle bars.
A number of newspapers lay on an empty bed.
A portrait of a banana split in a plastic bowl.
A traffic signal on the pole directs traffic
A fire hydrant in front of a house.
Zebras share a grassland with wild pigs in Africa.
A three wheeled motorcycle is parked in front of a building.
A little boy is carrying an umbrella and a bag of blocks.
a train on a track near many trees 
a tall black fan sitting next to a bathroom sink 
A kite that is flying in the air.
A little boy is reaching out to touch an elephant's trunk while another elephant watches.
A bathroom with comics taped above the urinals.
A woman is sitting with a suitcase on some train tracks.
Two trains travel on tracks on a bridge
A man throws a disc into a disc golf hole.
Many people partaking of a river gondola ride.
A cute girl holding a plate with a cake and lit candles.
A traffic light in front of some business signs.
man walking along side train tracks with a yellow, black train on the other track
a red table that has some teddy bears on it
A man taking a selfie in a bathroom with a toilet, sink and shower.
a fat cat sits on a stuffed animal
Shoes are lined up on the sidewalk in front of the fire hydrant.
A man in blue shirt riding a snowboard next to people.
A bus drives down an otherwise empty road.
Sidewalk and nose in street metered parking spots.
A black motorcycle parked in the dirt by the beach
A pair of green trucks are parked beside each other.
