this flower has petals that are white and very prickly looking
this white and green flower has spiked white petals and a green spiked stigma.
pedicel is green incolor,petals are spiky and needle shaped
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower features pointy white petals with a prickly stigma at it's center.
a flower with thin, light purple petals which look thorny on the sides, and a big style protruding from the center of the petals.
this flower has a thimble shaped pistil and many long thin toothed grey to lavender colored petals.
this flower has petals that are white and are spiky
a spider shaped flower with many prickly gray petals surrounding a pine cone like stamen.
this flower is green and white in color, and has petals that are spike like.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has a large purple and white petal with a yellow and orange receptacle
this lavender flower has large, round oval shaped petals and a small yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
purple petals in the shape of a funnel with a yellow pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals veined with darker purple and a yellow and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
vertical cupped lavender petals with a golden yellow bud-like stamen.

a vivid yellow flower with spiked looking petals and a darker yellow center.
the flower has petals that are narrow and yellow with yellow stigma.
this flower has long yellow petals and yellow anthers in the middle of it
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the flower has several yellow petals that are very narrow and overlap.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and long.
this flower has stringy and yellow petals that form a circle around the center
this flower has very skinny bright yellow petals that form a ray-like shape.
this flower is golden yellow in color and has a circular row of very thin yellow petals shaped like needles.
this flower has many long spiky yellow petals with small balls of yellow at center.

this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the thin purple petals radiate outward from large yellow stamen, against a thick backdrop of green oblong leaves.
this flower has large green stamen and pistil surrounded by a purple fringe and white petals with rounded tips.
this flower has long purple petals and long purple stamen coming out
this particular flower has petals that are thin and pointy with purple on it and a yellow center
this flower has rounded pale green petals under a fringe of purple and white.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy stamen
the petals of this flower are a ring of delicate purple fringe bursting out from a light green ovule surrounded by five stamen with speckled filaments and light yellow anther, a white three-pronged pistol with light green stigma in the center.
this flower has a row of elongated purple petals below a row of squiggley long lavender white and purple petals.

the large orange round petals and lightly dripped in water.
this is a bright orange flower with overlaping petals
a flower with large individual rounded orange petals, yellow interior where a cluster of yellow stamen resides.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have yellow anthers in the center.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
deep orange rounded petals with faded spotting and a golden stamen.
this flower has bright orange petals and a small green pedicel
this flower has a yellow ovary and rounded red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has large rounded orange petals and a yellow anther filament.

this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the flower shown has small rose colored petals which is its dominant feature
the flower buds are clustered in a round bunch and each flower has striking red petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched and rounded.
the flower shown has several pink petals that turn upwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has smooth and small light pink petals that are tightly grouped together in tiny blossoms.
a orange flower with lots of petals and the leaves are green
this flower has several layers of soft red petals in a rose formation.

there are several lavender-colored petals wrapping around the pedicel with yellow filaments within.
this flower is white in color, with petals that have small veins.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the purple petals on this flower grow vertically to cup the yellow stamens in the center.
this bloom has six large purple petals which are narrow at the base and wide at the ends. the stamen are large and tall and are bright yellow.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals curved upward around the ovary.
this flower has very light purple and white petals with a bright yellow pistil.
this flower has a yellow stamen and upturned purple petals with delicate veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this is a lavender trumpet shaped flower that has a star pattern on it and a deep throat and it also grows on a vine.
the flower has petals that are starting as a tube and suddenly flaring out as a disc and also it has stamen sticking out in the centre
this flower has an awesome star shape in the middle and is a nice subtle purple with white in the middle.
this flower has petals that are purple with a white style
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are star shaped.
there is a simple bright purple pentagon shaped trumpet flower with small white stamen.
a flower with a wide petal that is purple and curled outward.
this flower has petals that are purple and have light purple lines on them
this flower petals shaped like a pentagon that are purple with purple veins.
the purple petal is flat on the outer edge and forms a narrow vase around a small white stamen.

there are smooth flat, white petals surrounding a yellow center and yellowish white stigma.
the flower shown has a smooth white petal along with yellow anther
this is a white flower with a yellow ovule with a green leaf
this is a water lilly type plant white in color with a golden center a gentle flower.
the petals of the flower are white and flattened while the center of the flower is yellow.
this flower has large white petals and small white stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the petals of this flower are white with yellow in the middle and the pedicel is green
the petals of the flower are stark white in color with a small circular center.
this flower has small white stamen, a large white petal, and a yellow ovary.

the flower is yellow and red with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around as a disc with clustered stamens in the centre
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red in the centers.
leaves are green,petals are oval in shape and yellow and maroon in color
this flower has long yellow petals with brown stripes down the middle of it
this red and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has large yellow and brown petals with small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower has long yellow petals with a thick red stripe in the middle.
thirteen bright yellow pedals with a red strip surrounding a yellow stigma and stamen.

the petals of the flower are white in color with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
this flower has petals that are white with a white stigma.
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this trumpet-like flower has white petals in a star shape and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
the white flower has curly stigma surrounded by thick green leaves.
this is a round shaped white flower with long white anthers.
this flower has one large, white petal, that contains the pistil in the center.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
a flower with folded up pink petals, yellow anther, and green sepals.
the sepal are green and the petals are pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamwen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thick pink and white petals and large yellow stamens.
this flower has many large pink petals, yellow stamen, and a thick pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are shaded from pale pink to dark pink surrounding yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower has a dome like fuzzy brine center surrounded by downturned thin pink petals.
the petals on this flower are purple with orange stamen.
a droopy purple pedaled flower with a large sun looking center.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has a round center and down-turned layers of round-tipped pink petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are drooping.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a large center with orange spike shaped petals with pink elongated petals extending from the bottom of the center.
this flower has pink oblong petals that are evenly spaced around an orange center.

this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
the flower shown has yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has large yellow stamen surrounded by several large smooth yellow petals.
this is a yellow colored flower with soft delicate petals.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this vibrant, yellow flower has petals flowing downwards towards a long green pedicel and prominent stamen.
a flower that has long and wide petals that are curled outward.
this flower has yellow petals with a few black spots on them
this drooping flower is yellow with three very separate petals and larger light yellow stigma and stamens. there is also a dark green bud that has not yet flowered.
this flower has yellow rounded petals with stripe brown markings.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
the petals on this are thin and yellow and the middle has yellow buds
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has numerous yellow stamen and numerous thin yellow petals.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, needle like, thin and separately arranged forming different layers around stamens
a flower with long and very narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has skinny yellow petals with jelly-bean shaped stigmas.
this flower has a large number of skinny yellow petals in a ray-like formation.
a flower with long skinny bright yellow petals.
this flower has a round yellow center and a fringe of thin yellow petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with a bit of white
this flower has five petals that are dark pink on the edges that lighten to white as they head towards the center of the flower.
these beautiful beautiful flowers has a unique shape and the are pink in white
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
flower has petals that are red with a pink stripe and white center.
this flower has crinkly pink petals that gradient to white the closer to the center of the flower they get - there are about five petals per flower, and the stigma is not really visible.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
this flower has ruffled soft pink petals that surround a cone.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red, with a solid patch of pink in the center.
this flower has very bright red petals with crinkled edges and a white ovary.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and skinny
the flower has narrow pale pink petals and a brown pedicel.
this small pink flower has thin petals and long stamen.
this pale pink flower is made up of petals that are long and skinny and curl back with rippled edges. the stamen have a pink filament and brownish anther. the stigma on this flower are pale pink with dark pink ends.
the flower has long slender light purple petals with purple stamen to match.
this flower has long, very thin pale pink petals and protruding thin pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin
this flower has a thin yellow pedicel with light pink petals and long stamen.
a purple and white flower with wrinkled pedals and a long stigma.
the thin pink petals are curled and ruffled on the tips and the stamens are long and pink.

this large flower has very large and pointy pink and white petals
this big circular shaped flower has pink petals that are thin, sharp and star-shapped surrounding the pistol to be yellow at the base and prominent white tips
the center of the flower is made of a white ovary with spiky pink petals surrounding it.
this unique flower has a harsh, rigid exterior with erect pink petals.
the petals on this flower are white on the outside and pink on the inside.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has a wide white center and pointed white and pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has tall pink and pointy petals with long white filament.

this flower has long yellow petals with a black center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower has a row of bright yellow color petals as a circle with the tightly arranged blackish stamens at the center
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has small yellow petals which are its main feature
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.
this particular flower has dark yellow petals surrounding a strikingly black center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
this open, flat flower has a large brown-black center pistil surrounded by approximately 14 golden yellow, long, slender petals.

the flowr has many white colored stamen with larger yellow in color anthers
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has straight white stamen surrounded by long white petals which curl downwards.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white stamen with dark yellow anther, it also has large white pedals.
this white-petaled flower has many white filaments topped with small, yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has layered white petals that has yellow stigma
this flower has layers of rounded white petals which are very smooth.

this flower has the petals down, and it shows the stamens.
this unique pink-petaled flower has a vibrant core with red-tipped stamen.
the petals of the flower are drooping downwards while the center of the flower is orange.
the flower has needle like stigma sticking out of the downward facing petals that are surrounding it
a flower that has drooping pink petals and a orange and black center
this flower has a round brown center and down-turned long thin pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple and curled backwars.
this flower has droopy pink petals with clusters of brown stamen in the center.

this flower has petals that are dark pink with white stigma.
the flower has bright pink petals that are triangular shaped.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigma
this flower has large triangular magenta petals, with magenta stamen and white stigma.
this bright fuscia flower has petals that are not centered with two smaller flowers centered in the pistil.
the flower has pink leaves at its base, the flower itself has a single, five lobed, white petal.
this flower has bright pink petals with little white stigmas.
this flower has very tiny oblong white petals in a ray-like configuration with huge pink sepals.
this flower has pink petals and a white pistil.

this flower has white and magenta petals that are covered in brown spots.
the flower has purple petals that have dark purple spots on them.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the insides.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple and white dots
this flower features small bell shaped petals with white and brown spots on the interior.
these flowers are trumpet shaped and purple with white and red spots.
this flower has a number of separate bell shaped petals that are purple with speckled insides.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this pink, dark red, and white flower has rounded petals and a bright green pedicel.
a flower with long and curled petals that are purple.

this is a small flower with white and pink petals.
a cluster of pink and white petals accompanied by white pistils.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with pink lines
the flowers have rounded petals that are white in color and coveerd with apink color stripes
this flower has four or five white petals with pink bases near the pollen tube.
these flowers have white and pink petals on a green bush.
{}
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
a large group of small white and purple flowers and a green center.

the stigma of the flower is open, and it is green inside and purple outside.
this is a flower with dark purple petals and a white pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has a few large dark purple petals around long dark purple stamen.
this flower has leaf like petals which are purple having multiple purple styles
this flower has purple pointed and veined leaves surrounding tiny inner blossoms.
this flower has dark purple petals with green sepals and a green pedicel.
the flower is a deep purple with tall light color stigma and surrounded deep green leaves.
this flower has purple petals and has a big green stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the flower is made of ruffled petals that are purple in color and have a green sepal.
this is blossom with three petals bend downward and three petals bent upwards, a line of small yellow stamen on each downward facing petal.
the flower has petals that are white and purple with yellow filaments.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower has a purple and white colored petals with its sepal a green color.
this flower has light blue pedals on the inside with dark purple pedals on the outside.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multiple shapes and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
large purple flower with large petals on the outside and in the middle

the flower has rounded petals that are light pink in color with yellow larger stamen
this flower is white, yellow, and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a yellow center and wide, veined pink petals with rounded edges.
light green and yellow receptacle centered in white and lilac colored round petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamens
the petals of this flower are big and pink and the pistil is bright yellow
this flower has overlapping pink petals with veins and rounded edges.
the petals are pink, yellow, and white with dark pink veins and the stamens are long and yellow and white.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

this tightly wound rose bud has white petals that have just been touched with pink and form a lovely classic rose bud head.
this flower has many folding petals which are white with a hint of pink.
this flower has green pedicel and smooth white petals as its main features
this flower is white in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the large white petals are tightly packed together with a small green sepal below.
this flower has petals that are white and bunched together
the petals of the flower are light pink in color with a thick green stem.
this flower has curling white petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has small dusty green sepals underneath layers of tightly wrapped light pink petals.
this flower has small dusty green sepals underneath layers of tightly wrapped light pink petals.

a flower with large white and red petals folded into and on to each other
the flower has irregularly shaped yellow petals that are covering the central region
the flower has light yellow inner petals facing upward, and burgundy colored petals on the outside facing down.
two colored flower with middle petals in light yellow and outer petals in dark red color with yellow spots.
very large yellow and purple petals stand out on this flower
the alternating broad petals of this plant are a pale yellow and a burgundy red.
this flower has large and wide petals which are yellow and dark red.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and folded upwards
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has yellow and brown petals attached to a large brown pedicel.

the petals on this flower are red with white stamen
this red flower has pointed petals with white filament and purple anther.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has bright red petals and pink stamen and pistil.
the petals of the flower are red and have thin white filaments.
this flower has very bright red petals that have a smooth texture.
this red and white flower has pointed petals and white stamen with purple anthers.
this flower has large red petals and long white stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.

the pink beautiful flower has five long thin pink petals in the outer whorl and the inner whorl of petals fuse to form a tube that holds white stigma and stamens.
the purple flower has several petals with one of them whorl shaped
the petals of the flowers of made of hot pink blooms with green stalks.
this flower has bright pink petals with a pink colored style.
the yellow pistil is surrounded by long pink outer petals and pink patterned inner petals.
this flower is pink in color, with wavy oval shaped petals.
the petals of the flower are hot pink in color and have a ruffled appearance in shape.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a bell shape
this flower has thin tapered-tip pink petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has a pistil loosed covered by a pink petal with a darker pink interior with five long separated pink petals radiating from the base.

this star-shaped flower has slender white petals topped with a thick white fringe, and prominent anther and stigma.
the flower has petals that are white with purple stigma.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has white petals with purple and green pollen tubes in the center
this medium white flower has rows of thin white petals and thick stamen.
this flower has rounded white petals and a row of thick white fringe under green and purple stamen.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has long light green petals under a row of long needle like white petals.
this flower has flat white petals underneath a flat layer of white filaments.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
a dull red pedaled flower with the center looking like a bunch of twigs.
this flower has short yellow stamen surrounded by overlapping red pearls with smooth surfaces.
pedicel is brown inc olor,petals are dark red in color
the beautiful flower has red petals that are so vivid, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming disc like shape
this flower has smooth bright red petals with yellow anther in the middle.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright red oblong petals in a couple of layers.

this tiny flower has white and purple polka dotted petals, with a very unique stamen.
the flower is purple and white in color with a green spider like stamen coming from center.
this flower has white petals with violet spots and a prominent pistil with violet anthers.
a single petal with many protuberances, white with bright purple spots, rings a green pistil with numerous green, purple, and white stamens coming off of it.
thin white star shaped petals with purple spots revealing a protruding light green, white and purple spotted pistil.
a white petal flower with purple dots and the leaves are green
there is a thick style, with purple spotted stamen, and purple spotted petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with purple spots.

this flower has large purple petals and a yellow stigma in the center
this flower has very flat petals that are purple with green streaks down the middle.
this flower has three petals that variegate from green to reddish purple at the top of the flower and one creamy white petal at the bottom of the flower.
this flower has four large, rounded petals in shades of purple and white.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with long and wide petals with a rounded tip.
this flower has petals that are punk with purple lines
this flower is white and pink in color, with multi colored petals.
the petals of the flower consist of a distinctive pattern that has various shades of green, white, and pink.
a flower that has one white petal and three multicolored petals.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals are pure white while the stamen is yellow and stigma is green.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has six pure white petals and a yellow stigma and green stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this white flower has six pedals and a bright yellow center.
white round tipped petals in a star-like design with yellow tipped stamen and light green pollen middle.

this flower has petals that are white with short steman
white jagged petals with green veining leading to green filament and white anthers.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the edges of the petals look ruffles and have visible veins because the petal is white.
a flower with pointed eges that is white with a yellow center.
this flower has white petals with irregular edges and green veins arranged in a funnel-like shape.
there are white, wrinkly petals, with points and green along in them, the stem is furry and thick, and the stamen is short and yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright white colroed with yellow running along the length.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and fused and also the petals are supported by sepals
this white flower has frilly interconnected petals tapering into yellow where they meet the pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shades
this flower has petals that are white with serrated edges.
this white flower has crinkled edges on its petals and a yellow ovary.
flowers are hollow in the center with a single star shaped white petal surrounding recessed stamen.
this flower has slightly curly white petals, a yellow center, and green pedicel.
this flower is mostly white with a yellow glow in the middle.
a small white flower with green pedicel and alternating green leaves

inner petals are needle shpaed,they are purple in color
this unique flower has very thin purple petals and green stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is so big and has disc of stamens that has curly tips above the disc of petals that are soft and smooth
the flower shown has white petals with green pistil in the center
this flower has rounded purple petals and a frizzy fringe of white quills.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has bigger purple petals under squiggly needle like pedals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has white petals underneath a layer of white curvy filaments.

this flower is rose like with overlapping pink petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has the pink petals closed towards the center and the stand on a greenish pedicel
this flower has purple petals that are thin and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has a pink and white petals on a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink and has many layers
the petals are pink and delicate; rounded in shape, they come to a point as they terminate.
this flower has stacked layers of light pink petals with pointed tips.

a flower with a conical open purple petal and cluster of green stamen
leaves are green in color,flowers are red and other one is purple incolor
these flowers have red and lavender with white petals and a white pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has red, purple and lavender petals, a purple ovule, and green leaves.
the petals of the flower are all conjoined into one large purple or red circle.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple lines
most of the flowers have a light purple color with darker purple veins except one flower that appears to be the same shape and size, but with red petals and only the red flower has visible anthers.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is dark red with overlapping petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of overlapping red petals.
this is a flower with round bright red petals and yellow anther and filaments.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has small yellow stamen with long oval shaped red petals.
this large red flower has red petals and black and yellow stamen.
the red petals are slightly ruffled and encircle a cluster of stamen with golden colored anther.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and multicolored.
the petals of the flower are pink and purple and have green stems.
a multi-colored flower with all shades of purple and pink on two petals.
flower with light and dark purple petals growing upward
this is a flower with round purple upward facing petals.
this flower has large bell shaped fuschia petals and smasher lavender petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded downwards
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals attached to a brown pedicel.
this purple and pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.

the petals on this plant are thin and are red with yellow tips
this flower has petals that are red with yellowtips
the petals are narrow and pointed and primarily orange in color but with yellow tips and the stamen and stigma are brown.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow tips.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tip.
a large flower with pointy red and yellow pedals and a large brown center.
this flower has orange petals that turn orange at the tip, the center of the flower holds very brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this is a red flower with yellow on the tips of the petals and a red pistil.

dark blue little petals white green and yellow leaves
this flower is round with pointed petals that are spiky with green sepals.
this ball-shaped flower has spiky, purple and white florets.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are small stars.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pedicel.
the tiny purple petals are clustered into a sphere and the sepals are green and pointed.
this flower has many petals that are blue and white spikes in a pompom shape.
this flower has a globe-like shape made up of many bright blue petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin

orange and red petals white middle green leaves
this flower has petals that are orange with small white stamen
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have veins.
this is a small flower with orange petals and white stigma.
a flower with orange and red petals and white stamen cluster
these flowers have petals which are light orange and dark orange.
the flower has four gold colored petals with white anthers at it's center.
this flower is orange and red in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are shaded light orange to bright orange to red with small stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen

the rounded yellow petals of this flower are layered around each other in such as way as to make the flower appear like a little ball on the end of the pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals and no visible outer stigma on it
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
the pedicel is brown in color ,petals are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is folded together
there are small overlapping yellow leaves that curve into a ball.
this flower has rounded yellow petals, and a thin brown stem.
this flower has yellow petals that are curled in.

this is a tall white flower that has many round white petals.
flowers are alternately arranged,they are white and the other red in color
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and ruffled at the edges
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are vertically bunched.
the petals of the flower are pure and bright red while the recepticle is dark green.
this flower has vertical columns of small soft and ruffled petals in bright tones.
these flowers have yellow and orange bell shaped blossoms with wide flared ends.
this flower has large red and yellow petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and folded together
the petals of the flower are like a paper like texture, and are comprised of red and yellow petals.

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color and are situated on a thin stem.
there is a group of blooms at end of a branch, they are small and pink with large stamen.
this flower has small pink petals with long pink stamen
the petals on this flower are white and house white stamen.
the flower has few oval pink petals and long stamen.
the flower has a white petals with many stamen around the pollen tube
this flower has deep pink sepals, small white petals with rounded edges, and thin white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen
this flower has white petals on a skinny green pedicel.

the main element of the flower shown is big pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
this flower has many bright pink petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
this flower has layers of wide, rounded pink petals which are paler towards the center.
this flower has pink curved petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has bright pink petals that overlap each other in a spiral formation around its pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.

the petals on this flower are pink on the outside and white on the inside.
this pale pink and white flower has a green stem with broad leaves at the base of the stem.
the flower has pale pink petal with white centers and dark pink tips.
this flower has a large pink petal with white tops and purple pistil
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a pink and white flower with green leaves and the pedicel are green
this flower has layered pink petals with yellow in the middle
this flower has different layers of white and light purple petals that form a cup-like arrangement.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

the flower has orange petals that are long and thick.
this flower has petals that are orange with a red stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange with flowery stigma
this pretty flower has water drops on the orange petals with pink in the middle
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the ovary.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are orange.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a big stigma
this flower has large orange petals with rounded edges and a thick pink pistil.
this flower has bright orange petals with a dark pink center and a long red stamen with yellow anthers.
the flower starts orange, but turns pink and it nears the center, the pink pistil is very prominent with yellow stamen attached near the top.

this flower has pointy faded pink petals that are white around their edges and have deep green veins.
the petals on this flower are peach and white with green pedicel
this flower has leafy pink petals as its main feature.
the petals on this flower are white on the fringe and pink inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has soft pink petals that are clustered together by a green stern.
the flower has whitish pink petals surrounding unformed buds.
this flower has many sizes of pedals that are fading from pink to white.
this flower has petals that are red and has white edges
this flower has light pink petals with white markings and the petals are large with pointed ends.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow filaments and burgundy anthers.
a flower with whitish yellow petals with black markings and yellowish green anther filaments and pistils.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the outside petals are white, and the middle petals are yellow with sporadic black-brown stripes.
these flowers have two layers of petals, one white and the inner most layer white with brown and yellow coloring.
this flower has white petals on the outside, multi-colored petals on the inside, and long green stamen.
the flower has some solid white petals and three yellow, white, and red lines colored petals.
this flower has white petals: three petals are white and three are white with yellow gradient and red dashes that point into the stile. there are also stamens with large anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines
this flower is characterized by its tannish white outer petals, coupled with yellow brown inner petals at the center.

this odd shaped flower has both petals and stamen that are purple and a stem that is green.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
the flowers petals has small purple petals with long green stems.
the petals of the flower are purple and have a thick green stalk.
the flower has purple stamen and light purple round petals.
this flower has small purple petals and long white stamens.
this is a flower with light purple petals on it.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purpe stamen

a flower that has white petals and a yellow center
the petals of the flower are white with yellow details in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are large, flat and white with some yellow in the center and no visible stamen.
this flower has white petals with a yellow center and no stamen visible.
the flower has five oval petals that are white and yellow.
this petal has five white petals with yellow near the center of the flower.
this flower has a spiraling configuration of five smooth oblong white and yellow petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

this flower has petals that are red and very small
the flower on the stalk is purple and yellow and has green leaves.
the flower has red and yellow petals that are small and thin.
the flower shown has a yellow pistil with purple pedicel
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has thick red stems with soft, small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
flower consisting of a red primary stalk, made of narrow petals, with yellow curly flowers blossoming from the stalk.
there are very small reddish brown pedals with green stamen poking through the pedals.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.

this flower has somewhat unruly peach colored petals with deeply seated stamen.
the petals on this flower are orange with no visible stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the bight orange blossoms on this flower originate from a stem that is various shades of purple and lavender.
this flower has petals that are orange with red shading
these flowers have soft yellowish orange petals and orange pedicels.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkly.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this yellow orange and pink flower has rounded petals and a pink pedicel.
this flower has bright yellow and orange petals and red-orange colored pedicels.

the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are green with purple filaments and green anthers.
the flower has petals that are green, thick and separately arranged in disc like formation and also has a disc of stamens on top of it
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with purple and stringy stamen
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
this large flower has long, thin purple petals surrounded by wider green petals with rounded edges.
this flower has light green petals with light blue filaments along with green stamens.
thick green pollen tubes sit on top of the purple, white and blue stick like petals.
this flower has petals as well as a pistil. it is green and purple

this bright red flower has on main petal shaped into a circle with a tall thick tricolor pistil arising from the middle
this flower is vibrant red in color with a single style that is multi colored.
this flower has only one large red petal that completely encircles a single white pistil
the flower has a rough red petal with a white yellow and green pollen tube
the reddish pink petals of this flower swirl into a cup shape from which the long green, orange and white pistil protrudes.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has only one large petal.
a red slick flower with a long white, tan, and green stigma.
this flower has a large smooth red petal that is very shiny.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming disc like appearance
this flower has multiple layers of pale orange petals that turn more yellow on the upper layers.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
this flower has peach petals as well as a purple stamen.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed pedals and green sepals.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has many layers of peach and yellow petals that get smaller closer to the pistil.

the petals on this flower are white on the fringe and park pink inside.
the petals of the flower are hot pink in color and have white detailing.
this flower is is dark pink with a pale white on outer petals
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around the stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has red and white petals with long pink stamens.
this flower has bright pink petals with white at the edges.
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has white and red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has white edges

outer petals are green in color,inner petals are brown incolor
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
an orange long sharp flower with a green pedals underneath it.
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
this reddish orange flower has pointed petals and pointed green sepals.
this flower has large red petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are shiny and pointy.
this flower has petals that are red and has several layers

the flower has small white petals which are pointy with purple anther
the flower has petals that are white with pink filaments.
the stamens are many with large pinik colored anthers
this flower is white, green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the end.
this flower has white petals that are narrow and pointed at the tips.
this white and green flower has pointed petals and white stamen with pink and green anthers.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has flowery stigma
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and green on the tips.
this flower has spiky white petals surrounding a cluster of tiny white and pink flowers.

the petals have ragged, curling edges with yellow in the middle and white everywhere else.
the petals on this flower are white in color with greenish veins.
the flower has a smooth white petal with a green ovule
a white flower with five petals, and a greenish center.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are white with green veins.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
white petalled flower with green stem and small green leaves
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
the white flower has fused petals that are soft and starting out as a narrow tube and flaring out forming in trumpet shaped manner

the flower has many little peach and yellow petals stacked on top of each other
this flower has several layers of overlapping pointed petals in shades of peach and yellow.
this flower has orange petals and large dark orange stigma in the center
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
a flower with light pink and yellow petals and a pink pistil.
this flower has peach petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has several layers of petals extending out from its center and coming to soft points.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has several white petals, and several white anthers.
the petals on this flower are white with greenish stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
this flower is rose shaped with greenish white petals many stamen.
this white flower has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has green shading
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are rounded and green near the ovary.
this particular flower has petals that are short and round with green and white
this flower has white petals that form a cup-like shape with lots of white stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the flower has many pink petals arranged into a cone formation with thick veined leaves.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has small red petals that are stacked onto one another
a light pink petal structure with tightly woven petals forms an inverted cone open at the top.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has many levels of pink petals that create a cone-like shape.
the petals of this flower are peach and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
dark red pedals yellow middle long brown stands dark green leaves
a pointed pink and red flower with tiny yellow filament and anther.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
the stamen being tall allows for pollination to occur.
this flower has bright red petals with long and tapered tips.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly red in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the petals of the flower are a bright red color, and the stamens are a vibrant yellow color.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are large and wavy.
these flowers are yellow, with wide, curled petals, and a brighter yellow in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
this flower has yellow petals that are wilted and droop downwards and have brown spots.
a small yellow flower with a couple of petals and a thick green pedicel.
this flower has a green and yellow receptacle along with light yellow petals.
this flower has new yellow petals started with more that will develop very soon.
this is a yellow flower not completely bloomed which has light brown markings in the middle
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines

this purple flower has white spots and darker, almost black markings on the veins of the petals.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple petals with white specks on them this flower hangs down
the flower has petals that are drooping with purple and white spots.
this flower has a large purple petal and is curved downwards, and it has a purple pedicel
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted purple black with green stem.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and dropping.
this flower has purple petals with smooth edges that hang from a green pedicel.
this flower has dark purple petals with lighter and white patterns on it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots

these flowers are thin and delicate, with six long and slender petals with a pale violet color.
this flower has thin pink petals with long pink stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
a pink flower with long curled up petals and thick red pedicel.
the flower shown has bright pink petals and pink pistil
this pink and white flower has curled petals and pink and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
six light pink petals curving toward the stem around the protruding pink pistil and stamen.

the petals are pure white and broad, while the stamen is pointing out and white.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
sepal;s are green in color,flower is lith purple in color and is capsule in shape
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are purple near the edges.
a flower with white petals and white anther filaments in the center.
this flower has papery white petals with light green pedicel and white stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.
this flower is trumpet shaped with white petals edged with purple.
this flower has white petals that form a satellite shape and has long stamen

this flower consists of smooth yellow pedals, with a darker yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and in a pinwheel shape
this is a yellow flower with round petals and small anthers.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the flower is yellow with its petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged around the stamen in disc like manner
this flower has heart-shaped petals of pale orange with smooth edges.
this flower has petals with frilled edges, bright yellow with stripes of orange.
many flowers overlapping on the stem, with 6 petals each, darker orange near the center and lighter yellow at the edge.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen

red stacked petals surround yellow stamen and a black pistil.
the petals on this flower are red in color surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower has red peddles a purple stem and yellow stigma.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are in numbers and pointed.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by several layers of smooth red petals.
this flower has layers of red petals and thick, yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has overlapping layers of red petals which are long and thin with pointed tips.
this flower has red petals with a yellow stamen, and purple sepal and pedicel.
this flower has many red petals that spread out from its bright orange stamen.

the petals of the flower are very bright pink, while the stamen is light green in color.
the leaves on this plant have turned a brilliant red on the top of this plant making it appear as it it were a huge blossom.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
the plant has bright red petals, similar in shape to the green leaves, with a bright yellow cluster in the center.
this flower has pointed red petals and leaf-like vein designs.
this flower has large red petals with a bright yellow pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are leaf like.

this flower has petals that are red with a big stigma
this flower has red petals and yellowish anther filaments present.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has five coral petals around a long coral pistil with gold stamens.
this is a flower with round pink petals and a yellow stigma.
this large bright red flower has petals with wavy edges, a very protruding red pistil and many bright yellow anthers.
this red flower has rounded petals and a red and yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big yellow stigma
the wrinkled petals are red and the long red stamen has golden colored anther.
a large red star shaped long stigma with a golden tip.

this flower has long thing purple petals that curve outwards and long thing purple stamen coming out of the ovule.
the leaves of the flower are pink in color and have thin pink filaments.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very skinny
this flower has drooping purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has long and skinny light pink petals with even longer and skinnier pink stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
the pink petals are long and curled at the ends and the stamens are pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are pink turning to green.
this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stamen on it
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
petals are alternately arranged they are rounded in shape
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pale pink-purple petals all closed up together and overlapping light green sepal.
this flower has layers of green pink sepals and light pink petals.
this flower has vertical pale pink petals whose upturned petals are thick and pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards

the petals on this flower are orange and thin with visible pistils
this flower has orange petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has a large cluster of yellow stamen surrounded by terra-cotta colored narrow petals.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant orange color, and the stamens are a dark yellow color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the petals are bright orange and almond shaped and the stamen are yellow and clustered.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a ray-like formation of small oblong orange petals around an orange disk center.

a creamy yellow flower with five petals forming a star shape.
a flower with five waxy yellow pointed petals and a deep orange center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are shaped like a star.
this flower has large white petals and no visible stamen on it
the flower has five petals that are yellow with an orange center.
this flower has five large petals starting to twist clockwise, with a darker center than the rest of the petals.
these petals are bright yellow and smooth they make a star shape
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a red center
this flower has very smooth, rounded-edge petals in pale yellow hues.
a flower with 5 yellow petals, that are pink at it's center are forming a pin will type shape.

the petals are large and stripped purple in color with a larger stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has large, arrow shaped purple petals with a dark stripe in the center.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with a white pollen tube
the large pink flower has dark striped pink petals and a large multi prong pistil.
seven large leafy white petals, each with a centered vertical purple stripe, surround a small group of wild purple stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink in the center.
this flower is pink and white and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has white petals with a lavender colored stripe through the middle of each petal and long purple stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines

the flower is so big and has petals that are pink, soft, smooth and separately arranged facing towards the ground below the disc of stamens
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are purple with large green anthers.
this dark purple flower has large petals on the bottom and a thick green stigma.
this flower has lavender petals with green stamen in the center of it.
the petals are purple and are arranged in star shape around green stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
the petals of the flower seem to be upside down, and have shades of pink and white.
this flower has a large ring of pink petals with whitish centers under a ring darker purple squigley needle petals.

the petals of this flower are white and purple with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with purple shading
a flower with five white poitned petals and one ragged purple petal
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has smooth and wide petals in very pale lavender with a bright purple accent near the mouth area.
this pretty lavendar flower has lavendar petals and a dark purple inner section.
a flower with long, pointed, and narrow petals that are white.
this white star-shaped flower has 5 pointed petals and a large purple pistil with white stamen coming out of it.
this flower is mostly white and its bottom petal is purple.
this flower has petals that are white and has patches of purple

the petals of this flower are pink with a small stigma
this pink flower with striped sepals has a larger light pink petal.
the flower has petals that are purple, yellow and brown.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and black lines
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a flower with on white petal and three multi colored ones.
this flower has pink petals with purple and yellow lines at the top
a colorful flower with one large white oval petal that hangs down and three smaller intricately designed red, yellow and white petals above the larger one with a yellow and white pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.

a flower with red petals accompanied by yellow pistils in the center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are pink in color,the anthers are yellow ibn color
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this hot pink flower has dense many layered petals with pink and yellow stamen.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the stamens of the flower are very short, and have various shades of yellow, white, and black throughout.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the petals of these dark blue flowers form a bell shape, the pistils are long and white.
gorgeous deep blue funnel shaped flower with darker stigma that's oval and elongated
these bluish purple trumpet shaped flowers open up to a star shaped pattern and inside is a spotted throat.
these tubular blue flowers have star shaped petals and black centers.
this flower has blue petals that have green lines and are a bell shape
this flower is blue and black in color, with bell shaped petals.
the blue flower is so vivid and has petals that are fused at sepal and starting out as a narrow tube and suddenly flaring out as separate petals forming star like shape
the petals on this flower are mostly bright blue, almost neon.
this flower has blue petals that flare out at the end but form a funnel inside.

a flower with small pink petals and central cluster of yellow and black stamen
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this is a flower with long purple petals and a yellow pistil.
several rows of vibrant pink petals around a yellow center.
this flower has long thin purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are purple colored.
this flower has a ray-like configuration of small oblong purple petals with a ribbed texture.

this vibrant purple flower have thin enclosed rounded petals and white and purple specks inside.
this flower is shaped like a very wide trumpet with purple petals which have white centers.
a purple petal flower with brown and black spots on the inside of the petal.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped with white spots.
this flower has vertical layers of bell shaped purple blossoms.
this flower has a deep purple hollowed area with dotted insides.
this flower is purple in color, with bell shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has a purple horn shaped petals with the white and maroon spots on the inside.

this flower has yellow petals which are long and narrow and overlap.
the pedicel is large, reddish purple, and surrounds the flower in a cone-like manner; the petals are grass-like and yellow.
the flower has brown colored sepals with yellow colored petals and smaller stamen
this is a flower with brown sepals and hundreds of short but slender yellow petals that are clustered in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and a round pistil.
this flower has a wide round center with a fringe of thin yellow petals.
this flower has pink sepals and pedicel and lots of thin yellow petals.
this flower has many long needle like yellow petals surrounding the yellow stamen.

this unique tropical flower has thick waxy orange pointy petals.
the flower has orange petals and is starting to bloom.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
this is a multi colored flower with orange and blue standing out boldly.
the flower shown has both yellow and blue petals very thick
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has orange, navy blue, and beige petals, and a dark green pedicel
a bird shaped flower with large orange and purple petals protruding from it's light green and red pedicel.
this flower has sharp green sepals and sparse orange petals with pointed tips.

the petals on this flower are orange with a reddish ovule
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
what i like about this flower is its fiery flame like petals.
this flower is in yellow and red color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has several layers of orange petals, and orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a red center
pretty orange composite flower has outer whorls of long and big florets, and tiny dark orange colored florets on the central disc.
this flower has bright orange/gold petals and dark orange/brown anther.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong orange petals arranged around a red center.
the petals of the flower a long and curved, and a vibrant orange color.

this flower has yellow pistil and red and yellow petals as its main features
the petals on this flower are yellow with brown stripes.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the flower has pointed petals that are mostly yellow in color but with hints of brown at the centers and the stamen and stigma are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower has bright petals that are yellow and red in color.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped down the center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with brown stripe.
this flower has gold petals, each with a red stripe that doesn't extend to the end of the petal.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
a flower with rounded orange petals and individual cluster of yellow stamen.
yellow anthers on orange filaments are surrounded by five large bright orange petals.
a flower with orange petals and yellow anther filaments.
the flower has orange petals with yellow filament and anther
the petals of this flower are a bright orange and it is easy to see the yellow stamen in the center of them.
yellow tipped stamen with orange petals and hairy like structure on the bottom of the petals
a flower with short and round petals that are orange.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a large orange flower with a big pedals and a golden center.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are rounded.
these tiny purple flowers has a lot of petals with yellow in the middle
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
a purple flower with star shaped petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this small flower has petite purple petals with yellow colored centers that maybe anthers.
these flowers have violet petals that are rounded and the stigmas are yellow
this flower is pink in color, with petals in a star pattern.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
the flowers are pink with five smaller petals coming off.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that are bunched together cloesely.
this large blue flower is comprised of small petals bunched together.
the flower has small purple petals that are light and the petals are round.
this flower has small purple petals, and a lot of purple stamen in the center
the flower has petals that are purple with pale purple filaments.
this flower has violet petals and a very dark green pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
the flower has rounded periwinkle petals surrounding smaller and lighter in color petals.
this flower has small petals that are light purple in color with a smooth texture.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are rounded and bunched together.

this flower has large pink petals and no visible stamen
a flower with maroon petals and a green sepal and green pedical.
the flower is made of a drooping bloom that is maroon in color with a thick green stem.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has petals that are purplish red and drooping.
this pink and dark red flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
a flower with petals that curl downward and dark purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has deep pink petals with white and lighter pink spots and pointed tips.

this flower has petals that are pink with white shading
this flower has petals that are white with pink tips and many orange stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with white and pink petals, yellow anthers and a large green pistil.
the petals are a pure white with pink tints at the edges, and the ovary is a light green color.
this flower has white and pink petals and a bright yellow pistil
this flower has a prominent yellow pistil surrounded by white and pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white and pink petals with long yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style

this flower has petals that are yellow with short steman
the flower has four yellow petals that are pear shaped.
this flower has small yellow petals with yellow anthers in the center of it
this flower yellow in color, with petals that are large and uneven at the edges.
this flower has several flat, smooth petals with rounded edges in shades of bright yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven along theedges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has short stamen
this flour has four large, bright yellow, rounded petals and very small stamen.
a flower with three yellow petals and a green stem.
this flower has four small orange upturned petals whose edges are yellow.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stlye
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are rounded.
a small purple flower with ruffled petals and tiny yellow and white stamen.
the flower shown has purple petals with a yellow pistil in the center
wide and flappie purple petals with yellow in center.
the petals of this flower are lavender and the anther is golden yellow.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and very thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow style
there are overlapping violet-colored petals surrounding densley packed yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are a low tone of purple with shades of white throughout.

this flower has curled petals that are a bright pink color.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has light pink petals that face downwards and have yellow spots close to the receptacle.
this cluster of pink petals topped with green buds is supported upon a pedicel among slender green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has pink and has yellow shading on them
this flower has a number of pink petals, growing in a cluster.
this flower has many blossoms together on the same stem, each with pink crinkled petals.
this pink color flower is arranged in like a stand alternatively with green part on the top of it
this flower has many petals coming off of the pedicel and is all pink.

the flower has teardropped petals that are white are sparse.
this flower has petals that are white and spread apart
this flower had small rounded pink petals with long stringy stamens
this flower has small white petals with pink pistil as its main features
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the teardrop shaped petals are white and the long, thin stamens are green while others are pink colored.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and are attached to a long green stem.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink stamen
this flower has white petals with oval shaped edges on a brown pedicel.

the petals of this flower are closed. they have not opened up.
the flower has long oval petals that are pink and white.
this flower has thick white and pink petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled over the center.
the flowers white and pink petals are closed shut together.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
a pod shaped flower with light pink petals sticking out from a green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are curled up around the ovary.
this flower has pink and white striped petals that are actually smaller closer to the pedicel.
this flower has tightly closed petals which are tinted with green, white, and pink.

this large flower has five smooth, rounded yellow petals with white edges.
the flower has larger rounded petals that are colored yellow and white
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five very smooth, rounded yellow petals with white edges.
this yellow flower has five petals and a red and green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white coloring on the edges
this flower has smooth petals that are white with yellow.

the flower shown has small yellow petals with brown pistil in the center
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark stamen
this is a flower with a large brown pistil and yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
there are long yellow pedals around a large center of brown stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has a green ovule, deep orange anther filaments and yellow petals.
this flower exhibits yellow petals in a circular fashion around the brown colored pistil and stamen at the center.

the flower is big and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around bunch of stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark yellow stamen
a flower with a cluster of yellow stamen surrounded by narrow yellow petals.
this is a flower with large yellow petals and a large brown pistil.
a golden flower with a long pedals with a large tan center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are small and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
the petals of the flower are long, and rigged,that consist of a vibrant yellow color.
this flower has a ring of bright yellow oblong ribbed petals.

this deep red flower with thin, translucent petals has a high pistil with a cluster of red and yellow stamen on the tip.
a flower with ribbed wide red petals and a central red and orange stamen cluster.
the flower shown has pink and white petals with yellow and pink stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has large red petals and a large red stigmas with yellow stamen on it
this flower has very thin red petals and the leaves are large and rough in appearance.
the flower has five light pink petals with a pink pistil, and yellow anthers
this is hibiscus has long stigma covered with yellow steman having four or five red petals surrounded by base leaves.
a flower with long and wide petals that are wrinkly and pink.
this flower has large pink petals that have a wrinkled texture and a small cluster of stamens.

this flower has petals that are bright, orange and like combs.
the flower has sparse orange petals that are crinkly and thin.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very tiny
a unique, bright yellow spray of color on top of a feathery green leafed stem.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has very small orange petals that are arranged in a cone-like formation.
this flower has many tiny golden petals all in a bunch.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together

the pale yellow flower has very distinctive wide broad petals.
the yellow flower has separated petals that are irregularly arranged and has green sepal
the petals of this flower is yellow with green stems.
the yellow petals are bent outward and the pedicel is green.
the petals of this flower are pale yellow in color
this flower has a green pedicel with curved yellow petals.
this flower has three large yellow petals with a white and yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
the flower has three oddly shaped creamy yellow petals, with yellow anthers.

these flowers has yellow open petals with brown in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with a middle that is orange in color.
this yellow flower has many narrow, long petals, yellow anther and darker styles.
this flower has layers of yellow petals and bunches of yellow and brown stamen.
this flower has a brown center and layers of long thin yellow petals.
a yellow flower with multiple layers of petals surrounding a dark colored ovule.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has multiple layers of yellow oblong shaped petals in arranged in a ring.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with only one petal.
this white flower is heart shaped and has a waxy, shiny texture with one large pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are white with a big yellow style
this is a flower that has one large white pointed petal and a long pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a peach style
the petal of the flower has the texture of plastic, with a glossy white colored petal.
this flower has a thick white stamen and a thick, waxy, shiny white petal.
a white shiny large leaf shaped petal with an visible upright thick and long cream pistil with a green stigma on the side.
this flower has one big petal and one long stamen.

the flower has bright pink petal with yellow stamen in the middle
the flowers has short filaments but big and long pink colored petals.
this colorful flower features bright pink petals and a yellow-orange filament.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are uneven on the edges.
the flowe has oval shapep red colored petal with yellow colored stamen
a flower with wavy bright pink petals with a big ball of bright yellow stamen in the center
this pink flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with black anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has overlapping pink rounded petals and goldenrod colored stamen.

a group of six yellow sepals surround a single large yellow petal and a grouping of many yellow stamen in the center.
the flower has white petals with a yellow stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this beautiful flower has six yellow long petals and on big petal in the middle
this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow bell shaped center
the flowers petals and stamen are yellow and the pedicel is green.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has six pointed yellow outer petals and a honey shaped yellow inter petals.
the petals of the flower are predominately light green, with shades of white throughout.
this flower has a yellow sepal along with yellow petals and stamen.

this flower has purple petals and yellow stamen around its pink stigma.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have yellow anthers in color.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this is a beautiful flower with sharp purple petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
some bright purple flowers with a golden stigma in the center.
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow stamen with purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.

this flower has large white petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the center
this flower features white petals and pointed yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with green steman
the flower shown has white petals as its main feature with yellow stamen
this flower has large light blue and white petals with long yellow stamens.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has white upturned petals with purple petals underneath.
the flower has long yellow and white stamen and white soft petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has pale pink petals with edges that fold over.
the pale pink rose has several rows of overlapping petals atop a long stem with few leaves.
this flower has many overlapping petals which have a white to pink gradient and sharp green sepals.
this is a flower with light pink petals and no pistils visible.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has pink petals sitting on a green sepal and a purple pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has a thin green sepal and petals with pink and white colors.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
the flower has pale pink petals that are layered on top of each other.

this flower has petals that are purple with dark spots
flowers are alernaetly shaped,they are purlp in color with some brown spots
this trumpet like flower is tube shaped and pale purple with accents of white in it's inner sections.
this flower has purple petals and purple spots in the center.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted near the inside.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
the cup shape purple and white petals with spots like a cup with a bell
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark spots
these flowers have purple petals with spots of brown in the inside of thern.
this flower has purple bell-shaped petals with white-ringed purple spots inside of them.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
a white flower with a continuous pointed petal and yellow anther.
the flower shown has a smooth white petal with white pistil
flower is white in color with larger white anthers
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled and wavy at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a white waxy looking sharped cornered pedal with a white stamen.
this white flower has a single shiny white petal with creases that folds back toward the pedicel and there are a few filaments and anthers clearly visible.
this flower has a large white petal with white stamens and white stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged overlapping each other around stamens in the centre
this flower has smooth white petals as its main feature
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with pink shading
this flower has white rounded petals arranged in multiple rows with a short and thick pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
the flower has many round petals that are a pale pink.
this large flower has light pink petals and yellow-green pistil surrounded by anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower petals are closely parked and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has an abundance of tiny yellow petals that are layered around each other.
these flowers have yellow petals with many narrow green sepals.
this flower has a rounded shape comprised of numerous small, ruffled yellow petals.
a group of yellow puff ball shaped flowers with green leaves attached.
this flower has a rounded mound of small and ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has a dense amount of small yellow petals and a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has a large number of tubular yellow petals that create a globe-shape.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the purple color borders of the leaf are marked by a white center.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, separate and arranged around the top of the pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple with many layers
the flower has horizontal petals which are pale pink with white striations. there are broad dark green leaves surrounding the base of the flowers.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading and has many layers
the petals of this flower are white and have pink tints and tips on them
this flower has multiple layers of light pink and white petals.

the flower has a petals color purple with white stripes on it.
this flower has petals that lay flat out and some that stay clustered, closed over the center of the flower.
a flower with purple flowers and now visible pistils.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this curved blue flower has lots of fluttery bending petals and a white stripe in the center.
the petals of the flower have ruffled edges, and are a vibrant purple color.
the petals of this flower are dark violet and the pedicel is green
this flower has large bright purple petals with uneven edges and some white markings.
this flower has wide and ruffle-edges petals in shades of pale purple and lavender.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white lines

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
the flower has dense petals that are peach colored and also yellow.
this multi leveled salmon colored flower has layers of petals that lighten from yellow at the center to a very subtle salmon color on the lower levels of petals.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are peach and yellow with a short stigma
the flower has many pink petals surrounding a few petals that are more yellow than pink.
there is a thick cluster of pink and yellow slightly pointed petals surrounding a thick pastel pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has many different layers of small peach and yellow colored oblong petals.

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are light on the edges.
tis flower has four red petals serrated with pink edges, light blue anther and white stamen.
the flower shown has pink petals, and several white stamen.
this is a large flower with red petals and purple stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with pink tips
a group of flowers with a red and pink colored pedals and a silver center.
this flower has wide, slightly overlapping pale pink petals with serrated edges.
these red flowers have pointed white edges on the round petals and have white dots on them.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen

this flower has many thin yellow stamen surrounded by wide red petals with tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on the flower are orange and the stamen are of the sane height.
the flower shown has orange petals and several yellow anthers.
this flower has long narrow petals of deep orange and a center of bright yellow.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the flower has many oval orange petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has small orange oblong petals with a ribbed texture arranged in a single layer.

the center most petals are yellow dotted with dark red stripes while the larger surrounding petals are a pail pink.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow and brown.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading and dark lines
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has large pink flowers with long pink stamens.
a pedicel and pink petals adorn this flower in the photo.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow spots
this flower has pink petals with a few yellow markings and darker lines.
this flower had pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.

this flower has petals that are orange with green pedicel.
this flower occurs in cluster and has pale red petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red with ruffled edges
the flower is orange with petals that are soft, thin, smooth and arranged separately around stamens forming bowl like shape
a flower with orange petals and a green stem.
these flowers have orange-red petals as well as some bud-like structures below the flowers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower has coral petals, green and magenta stamen and green anther filaments .

this flower is pink in color, with petals that darker veins.
this pink flower has a green receptacle and a green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are pink with red veins
the flower has red petals with a light shaded green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are red in color with a green sepal and green stem.
this flower has long red petals growing downwards from the center.
a large pink petal is facing downward and a green sepal is also shown here.
a flower that has red petals and a green stem.
this flower has rounded and wide red petals which are veined and down-turned.
this red flower is hangs upside down, is trumpet shaped and is held on to pointed green leaves attached to the stem.

this flower has long orange petals and anthers that are yellow in color
dark orange oblong pedals that form a circle around a light orange group of stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamens
leaves are dark green,petals are oval in shape and orange in color
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the alternating leaves are broad and green and the smaller flower petals are spotted yellow and orange
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has a ringed formation of small petals that are oblong shaped and orange colored.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has smooth white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
a flower with open thick white petals and a cone shaped round stigma
this flower has a bright yellow object as part of its stigma, and long delicate white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
the style, stamen tube and stigma are yellow and flat surrounded by long bright white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big yellow stigma
this flower has white petals, a yellow stamen and yellow anther filament.
the yellow stigma stands out from the pointed white petals.

the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
sepals are green in color,petals are light pink in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals are a milky pink color, while the pedicel is a light green.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has pink petals standing up with sharp petals below that are cream colored.
this flower has light yellow sepals and large pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a pale green pedicel.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are very small.
a flower with individual intersected blue five pointed petals and with a white pedicel.
the flower has petals that are light purple and shaped like a spherical lattice.
the flower petals are needle shapd and are purple in color
the flower shown has a green pedicel with a white and purple petals in a circular formation
a purple and gray flower with a round shape and a gray stem.
this flower has a rounded globe of blossoms for tiny purple blooms.
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are blue and are very thin
this flower has a thick white stem and a globe-like shape with small blue petals all around it.

this medium white flower has rows of thin blue petals and thick stamen.
this is a purple green and pink flower with many shape petals
this flower is purple and red in color, and has petals that are facing down.
this exotic purple flower has thin string like petals and bright green sepal.
this exotic flower has large protrudibd stamen and pollen tube, and back-bent pale purple petals,
the flower has a unique shape and is purple in color white a darker purple inside.
this flower has very prominent upright stamen and pistils on top of a multicolored row of filaments and oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are alternating colors between purple and green.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are drooping down ward.

this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long thin white petals.
the flower has many white petals surrounding the yellow anther
flower has petals that are white and narrow and a yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals are thin and white and are centered around a mound of yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly white, and yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower has a single layer of long white petals in a ring formation.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white.
the long, white petals form a circular disk around a cluster of golden colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the petals of the flower are thin and red in color with a green stem.
the petals are long and thin and not organized, with pointy endings.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this strange looking flowers has red long petals with spikes
this flower has a spiked bulb topped with long curled tube-like red petals.
this flower has long pink petals with tips that curl upwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
this flower has long, thing pink petals with thin, white stamen.

this flower has long yellow petals that are curved down and a black center with black anthers on it
the flower stamen are black in color with yellow colored petals tha are oval shaped
this flower has a brown center surrounded by down turned long yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are skinny and oval.
the flower has petals that are golden with a spherical brown center.
this flower has bright yellow oval shaped petals with a dark round stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a black stamen
the petals are a bright yellow with stamens that are brown .
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this yellow flower has long petals and a black center filled with tiny anthers.

this flower has dark purple petals as its main feature
this violet flower has wavy ruffled petals and a green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are purple and have ruffles on the edges
this flower has petals that are purple with ruffled edges
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has limp, purple petals that have closed and covered the stigma in the center.
the petals are violet and no other floral parts are shown.
this flower has purple petals that are crumpled and folded upwards
this flower has wide rounded purple petals which have ruffled edges.

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals are pink and spiny at the edges, with white tips, and the stamen is pink.
this flower has petals that are red with pointy ends
this flower has an outer rim of elongate pink pointed petals and an inner cluster of more rounded darker pink petals.
the petals of this flower are pink with a large stigma
the flower has several large, glossy, red petals surrounding a large red pistil.
this flower has thick red petals with some light green and yellow shading.
this flower has petals that are red and has pointed tips
this flower has long pointy red waxy petals that get smaller closure to the pistil.
this flower has sharply pointed bright pink petals in multiple layers.

dark purple flowers with little white dots inside.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped leaves.
the flower shown has purple petals with a green pedicel
a odd looking flower with purple petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has a large purple petal with a white anther in the middle
a flower with long and wide petals that are curly and dark purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and is folded upward
this flower has large purple petals, a gray stamen, and a brown thin stem.
the petals of this flower are dark magenta and the pedicel is short and green
the magenta petals are folded away from a cluster of green stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow shading
the petals on this flower are round and have ruffles on the edges and are purple with yellow
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has large wide purple petals with ruffled edges and slight yellow accents.
the petals on this flower are purple fading to yellow.
this flower has large petals with rounded edges that are purple in color with a white center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
this bright purple flower has yellow shades in the petals, white anthers
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.

the flower has bright purple petals with a yellow and green pollen tube.
a purple pedal with a unique stringy, purple center surrounds a yellow, bending, trumpet patterned stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy purple stamen
the white and purple flower has its stamen falling over and anthers are not well exposed.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is purple and blue in color, with oval shaped petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has a layer of tapered lavender petals with long narrow purple petals on top all around yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower has blue petals as well as a purple sepal.
a flower with long and narrow purple pistils that are curvy.

this flower has petals that are blue and closed together
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
a purple flower with tiny round petals and a thick green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple, with white edges, and shaped like a grape.
this flower is on a slender upright stalk with clusters of purple bell shaped petals.
the flower has many close together blue petals with white edges.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
these flowers are very small, purple and are in bunches, the petals are closed and white at the edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

the flower shown has pink and white petals, and pink anthers.
the petals are pink in color while the inside part is yellow.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around stamens forming disc like shape
this flower has petals that are pink with darker lines
this flower has large pointed flat petals which are white with vertical pink stripes in their centers.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
a group of dull white and purple pedals and a white center.
this flower has large overlapping white petals with vertical pink stripes.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are striped down the center.
this flower has white oblong petals that have a purple stripe down the center of them.

large puffed petal with a upturned part revealing a yellow pistil with three purple, yellow and white petals portraying a background.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow lines
petals are pink in color,they are larger and broader in size
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
a small flower with purple pedals and a golden center.
this flower has varied petals, three of which are rounded with pink stripes on a yellow background and one larger rounded petal that is solid light pink.
this flower had yellow and white petals attached to a big white pedicel.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow lines

this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with long steman
the flower has red petals with purple pedicel and green sepal
large, star shaped red petals in bloom with dew drops and an impressive stamen.
this flower has a slight star shape with long veined red petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and have veins.
a very large red star shaped flower with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
this particular flower has petals that are red and gren

these yellow and white flowers have petals that look twisted.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shaidng
this flower is bright yellow with a white color scheme on its outer petals.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower has five white petals with yellow highlights that comes together like a star.
this mostly white flower changes color in a gradient to yellow with the color brightening closer to the center, put together in a swirling fashion.
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft, smooth and spirally arranged in single layer overlapping with other petals
the petals of this flower are smooth and are yellow and white colored.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

the flower shown has small white petals and yellow pistil which are its main features
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the round center of this flower is packed together yellow pistils and is surrounded by a ray of oblong white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color with a yellow center.
this flower has a wide yellow center and long white petals with rounded tips.
this flower has white petals that has many yellow stamen
this looks is a white flower, with a yellow pollen center.
this flower has a large yellow dotted pistil area with long narrow white flowers separated into overlapping pairs.
a beautiful white serrated sepaled flower has the androecium and gynoecium fused in the center

the stamen portion of this white flower really is contrasted against its white petals.
this flower has large, white oval-shaped petals, with a primarily yellow stamen that also has a little bit of red in it.
the flower has large white petals with white filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and small.
this white flower consists of five rounded petals with small anthers on extended filaments.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals oval shaped.
the flower has big white oval petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as yellow anthers.
this flower has five round petals that are white and yellow anthers.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
the flower is light yellow with dark yellow details and small petals.
the flower shown has several white petals with yellow on the inner part of three petals.
white and pink petals with brown stripes in the colored yellow petal.
this flower has white petals with a yellow patch and black lines
this white and yellow flower has oval petals with brown lines in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has mostly white petals with a small section of yellow and a few darker stripes.
this flower has five petals which have white and yellow on them.

the flower shown has white petals as its main feature with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow steman
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long, upturned white petals with pointed pink tips.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
white to pink flower as sepals attached only in the center and yellow pollens
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
the base of the petals are white which then transition to pale pink at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the flower has many numberd purple colored petals with yellow colored lagge nthers
the flowers has petals that are bright pink with yellow anthers.
the petals on this flower are pink surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower has long and thin purple petals with yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a ring configuration of bright purple petals.
this flower has long and thin purple petals with tapered tips.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this pink flower has many thing petals and orange and black anthers.

the flower has purple and white petals as well as pink anther and filament
this flower has long pink stamen surrounded by several long, very thin curled pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has long thin pink petals that curve out from the ovule, with thin pink stamen reaching upwards.
the petals of the flower are pink and have pink filaments with a green sepal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has a group of tall, think stamen with pink petals that are long and curly.
this pink flower has curled petals and a red and green pedicel.
this flower has long pink petals with long pink stamens and a grey stigmas.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

the petals are bright orange while the stigma and stamen are both bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
pedicel is green,sepals are green,and the petals are orange in color
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a single row of small oblong orange petals with a ribbed texture.
this orange flower has pointed petals, yellow stamen and a green pedicel.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has four wide and round tipped yellow petals with vein like striations.
the petals on this flower are orange with white stamen.
this flower has small white pistil and bright yellow petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has small and rounded orange petals with delicate veins.
this flower has four bright yellow petals and a white stigma.
this flower has bright yellow petals with orange streaks through them and a small white stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the flower has many small yellow petals with a brown colored pedicel
a flower with small yellow petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
the thin yellow petals are slightly separated from each other and have a shorter layer of thin yellow layers on top of them that are darker yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
there are thin yellow pedals radiating out from the center.
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
the petals of the flower are organized in a circle shape, and are a light yellow tone.
this flower has very many skinny bright yellow petals arranged in a circular manner.

this flower has petals of different shapes and patterns accompanied by a big pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
the flower shown has light purple petals with yellow pistil
this flower has three pink striped petals and a large pinkish receptacle.
a pink petals flower with green pistils and green leaves and yellow stamen
the pink and purple petals have streaks of neon yellow in them.
the white flower is large and bulbous with few petals.
a flower with wide petals that are purple with yellow streaks.
this flower has various shades of red, pink, yellow, and white and has a hairy pedicel.

the flower is yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and has stamen in the centre
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has a yellow pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
a flower with rounded petals that are a bright yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has four yellow petals and long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this is an orange flower with four leaves and orange stamens.

the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are purple, white and have yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and either yellow or dark pink, with yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow centers and upturned layers of thick tapered petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower can have either yellow or pink petals that surround a yellow pistil.
this flower has layers of oblong petals in a cup-like arrangement with either yellow or pink petals.

this flower has several large white petals that have a wrinkled texture and are rough on the edges.
the flower has white petals with a yellow stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the ends.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are white and have a yellow center.
yellow filament is surrounded by large white petals with fringed edges.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has wide, white petals and short, yellow stamen.
this flower has eight white big petals with an inner stamen that is yellow.

deep violet toothed petals with a darker violet center where the pistil is found.
this flower is lavender and is round shaped withdeep space in middle
the flower has dark blue petals with the borders bend.
these flowers have very thin almost see through pale purple petals that fold backwards away from the center.
this flower has large, soft violet petals which are slightly ruffled at the tips.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pistil is a dark black color
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has papery purple petals and dark purple veins.
a flower with long and curled petals that are purple.
there are light indigo pedals with a darker purple base.

this flower only has one single orange stamen and an oval shaped white petal.
the flower has a single flat white petal with a orange pollen tube
this large, single, white flower petal has a single, bright yellow stamen inside of it.
the flower is white and has on big petal around a orange center.
the large petal of the flower is white while the center pistil is bright orange.
this flower has a large, smooth funnel shaped white petal with a large yellow pistil at the center.
this flower has white petals as well as a orange pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
this is a white flower with one large with petal with a thin, prominent yellow pistil.

the flower has dense yellow petals that are thin and long.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a large number of narrow yellow serrated petals and a large number of yellow stamen.
a yellow flower with small skinny petals and a light green pedicel.
a yellow flower with many small yellow petals covering it's entirety.
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that areyellow and are very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.

this flower has a tiny pistil and large leaves, that are colored with a mix of pink and white.
the petals of the flower are a mixture of pink and white and have a center made of green berries.
a flower with big red petals and dark green anther filaments.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the deep mauve petals are outlined with a light pink hue.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green stamen.
the petals are red with brown edges and have a wrinkled texture.
green stigma with pink fading into white petals
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
this particular flower has petals that are red and white and sharp

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
hanging down from green sepals, the bell-shaped white petals of this bloom are spotted inside with black dots.
this flower had white round petals with dark purple spots on the inside.
this flower has a long white petal with a lot of purple spots on the inside
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this particular flower has petals that are white and dark dots
a flower that has a tube shaped petal that is white with spots.
the white petals form a bell shape, and are speckled with dark purple on the interior.

the large flower has blue petals and green stamen with a green anther filament.
this beautiful blue flower has several petals with green anther filaments in the center also the other flower is white with blue petals green anther filament.
brilliant sea blue petals with pointed ends encircle curling green stamen and delicate long pistils.
this large dark blue flower has long pointed petals and green stamen.
the flower has a bright blue colored petals with its green stamen looking like small snakes.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower is blue in color, with oval shaped and pointed petals.
this flower has blue petals with big and stringy green stamen
this flower has vibrant blue petals with multiple layers and green stamens sprouting from the center.
the petals on this flower are mostly deep blue in color and the inner stamen is the color green.

a flower with no visible petals and lavender pistils in the center.
this flower is topped with a hairlike fringe of purple furs in a dome shape.
this flower is pink and greenin color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
this flower has a large number of fine pink petals which sit atop a spikey green ovary and spikey green sepals.
this flower has a green spiked bulb topped with a purple hairy fringe.
the stringy petals are pink and form a cluster and the sepals are green with spikes.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are spike like.

this flower has petals that are white with a patch of yellow
a white circular, star type flower clustered together with yellow centers.
this white flower, has uniform petals that touch, with a bright yellow center and delicate looking white stamen.
the petals on these flowers are white with a yellow stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded along the edges.
this white flower has only one petal and a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the petals of the flower emulate an upside down umbrella, and have a bright yellow center.
this flower has a yellow ovary, white filaments, and a large white petal.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are very thin and rounded.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
a flower with lavender petals and long lavender pistils and anther filaments.
these flowers have think pink and purple petals with pink and brown stamen.
the flowers has petals that are thin and pale pink with pink filaments.
this flower has a thin and a long petal and a pink stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals are pink and the pedicel is long and green
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has long, thin light pink petals that curve down and away from the ink stamen.

this flower has a long purple petal with a lot of spots on the inside
the pale purple petals are elongated, coming out of slender sepals.
this flower has a thick stem and numerous bell-shaped purple blossoms with slightly curling petals.
this flower is vibrant pink in color with cone shaped petals, and green pedecil.
this flower has magenta colored cup-shaped petals, that have brown and white spots on the inside of the cups.
this flower has long bell shaped purple petals with dark purple spots inside.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has a vertical column of tube shaped pink flowers with wide mouths.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flower shown has green pedicel with bright pink colored petals
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy at the edges.
this flower has a single layer of bright dark pink petals with a yellow center of stamen.
a flower with ragged red and pink petals with central white and pink tipped anther
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this bright pink flower has five petals and a light yellow pistil and stamen.
the flower is bright pink in color with a dark yellow filament.
the varying pink petals complement the beautiful green pollen tube.
this flower has small pink petals with a cup shaped center that has multiple white filament with pink anthers.

the petals on the flower is gradually changing in color from red on the outermost part and yellow in towards the middle.
this flower is red, yellow, and green in color, with petals that are wavy, and pointed.
the petals on this flower are both yellow an red in color.
the leaves of this flower are wavy red with a yellow base and stand erect above the stamen and stigma.
this bright orange and yellow flower has saw-toothed petals surrounding prominent stamen, which surround a short stigma.
this flower is yellow, green, and red in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the flower has ruffled edges and is yellow on the edge with red insides.
this flower has six red petals with yellow, wavy edges arranged around each each other, pointing towards the center while the yellow stamen fan outward.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
this flower has long green filaments with yellow stamen and long petals with jagged edges that are pink and yellow in color.

this flower has sparse white petals with several white stamens with brown anthers.
this flower has white petals and long white stamen with brown anthers on it
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has longer stamens with larger anthers that are brown in color
this flower has petals that are white and long steman
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
this flower has broad pure white petals, white stamen and tan and brown anther filaments.
the flower has white long petals with pink
this white flower has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has distinct white petals surrounding long white stamen.

this flower has a lot of tall pointy red petals and a middle full of yellow stamen
this is a large flower with long narrow pink and light pink petals.
the flower has red and white petals with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are pointed orange and white with yellow filaments.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
this flower has a large disk at the center of slightly cupped layers of sharply pointed pink petals.
the stamen of the flower are concentrated very tightly together, and the petals are bright crimson.
this flower has long, narrow petals which have a pointed tip and a large pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has vibrant red petals with a sunflower like center.

five white petals yellow centers are arranged around six pistils.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with yellow anther in the center
this flower has large white petals and a bright orange set of anthers in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has seven heart like white petals that turn to gold close to the middle.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
this flower has small, overlapping petals that are yellow near the base and white elsewhere with a notch at the top end.
this flower has smooth heart shaped white petals with bright yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
large white, rounded petals surround pale yellow stigma and this pale yellow bleeds onto the white petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with long stigma
the petals on this flower are pink with a pink filament and yellow anther
the tropical flower is pink in color and has a yellow cluster of anthers.
this deep pink flower has five ruffled petals and numerous yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big style
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright pink.
this five-petalled, deep pink flower has a darker center from which a yellow pistil emerges, and medium green oval-shaped foliage.
this pink trumpet-shaped flower has six petals and a long style with yellow stamens and pink stigma.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
a fairly tight bud, reddish pink, with some petals opening, held up by a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are red in color with sepals that are green.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
the flower shown has green pedicel and bright red petals
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled around the center closely.
this flower has red petals that folded together upwards ina bulb
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has broad pink soft petals that wrap around and encapsulate the middle.

every part of this flower red, with a slightly darker red seen on the stigma.
this is a red flower with multiple small petals
a flower with red petals with white spots and central white stamen
this medium cluster of small red flowers has rounded waxy petals.
a flower with red petals and a small white stigma.
a flower with short and wide petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are red and is bunched together
this is a red flower with many red petals,looks like many small flowers grouping together grouped in green leaflets
the bright red petals on this flower are so full you can not even see the pedicel.
this bright red flower has a grouping of smaller flowers with a single row of petals on each.

a very smooth purple petal sits atop a dark purple pedicel
this flower has large rounded light purple petals with small yellow stamens in the center.
purple petals with a yellow stigma
the flower has a narrow stem with purple petals and green leaves .
the flower is purple with a yellow anther and has a thick brown stalk.
the light purple petals are wrinkled and surround yellow colored stamens.
this light purple flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow style
this flower has wide and slightly overlapping purple petals which are soft and delicate.
this flower has purple petals surrounding a deeper purple center.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower is blue and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this is a flower that has purple petals and long red anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple with red stamen
this flower is a pale purple with a conglomerate of wrinkled petals and stems sprouting from the center
the light purple petals have long stamen with brown tips sticking out of the middle.
the flower has paper thin purple petals with pink filaments, and anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple and has purple stamen
this flower has thin purple petals and deep pink stamen at the center.

this flower has short yellow stamen surrounded by several large rounded white petals.
this flower has short and round white petals and yellow stamens and pistils.
this flower has a large white petal and a group of yellow stamen in it
the flower outer petal is white in color and the inner petal is yellow in color
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and layers of rounded white petals.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are broad and overlapping with a bright white color while the pistil is surrounded by bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are a bright and vibrant white, and the stamens are a vibrant yellow color.

the flower has petals that are overlapping, pale peach with yellow center and yellow stamen.
the flower shown has peach and white petals with yellow pistil
this flower has many petals and is pink on the outside and yellow on the inside.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the sepal are green, with a jagged appearance. the petals are pink with a yellow center.
pink petals gradually fade to yellow as they get closer to the pistil and stamen
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are layered.
beautiful flower with pink petals and yellow middle with nice shape.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has yellow orange stamen and anther filaments, and pink and canary yellow petals.

the stamen are many in number and the pedicel is seen.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink and red flower has large pointed red petals and small curved pink petals.
the flower is arranged in layers and the bottom layer is dark maroon in color.
the petals on this flower are red and white and the pistils are short and yellow
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower with an outer layer of red petals and an inner layer of white and red petals.
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has a bright red sepal with very white petals that gradient to the same red as the sepals and has very many yellow stamen in the center.

the flower shown has red petals and red anthers as its main feature.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has petals which are small and red in color
this flower has petals that are red with yellow steman
this flower has several overlapping layers of smooth red petals with slightly tapered edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
a large dark red flower with a yellow and dark red center.
the small red flowers burst from the dense maroon buds.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately arranged around stamens
this is a flower that has yellow and light pink petals.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
the petals of this flower are peach with a small stigma
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has peach colored petals that are almost stacked on top of each other, the stigma is brown and is almost covered by the petals.
this plant has saw edge green leaves and the flower has many layers of small petals.
this flower has several layers of a pale orange and yellow petals that extend out away from the stem.

the flower shown has purple petals with dark purple patches on the bottom
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has white petals with dark pink bases and no visible outer stamen
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
the flower has several white to pink colored petals with the bottom portion in a purple color.
this flower has very smooth light pink petals turned upright.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this light and dark pink flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this beautiful flower has interestingly shaped petal in a white color with pale lavender tips and a vivid hot pink base, the petals start low and flair up in a dramatic style, with a pointed smooth edge, a smooth surface and a dark brown pedicel.

this flower has several red petals and white and green stamen
the flower has waxy red petals with a texturized yellow stigma and a green style.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
from a green pedicel, there are large, pointed red petals surrounding a prominent white pistil with a green tip and a bumpy surface.
dark red petals with an oily sheen surround a long white pistil shaped as an elongated cone and no visible stamen
bright red flowers sorround the long, white stamen.
these red petaled flowers have a very large stigma sticking out of the middle
this flower has red petals that has a long yellow and white style
three red petals that are almost face-ish with a single, long yellow stamen in the middle.
a shiny red flower with a long pointed middle.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are peach fading ot yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow patches
this flower has oblong peach colored petals arranged in stacked layers.
this flower has many overlapping peach color petals that fold out from the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
many small petals of pink turning into yellow form a spherical shape on this medium sized flower.
many small petals of pink turning into yellow form a spherical shape on this medium sized flower.
many small petals of pink turning into yellow form a spherical shape on this medium sized flower.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple spots
this flower has short pointed petals that white and purole with a yellow purple pistil.
this flower has white and purple petals with a green mossy pedicel as its main features
the petals of the flower are pink and white dotted with a yellow center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower is purple and white in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has six pointed petals with mottled purple and white patterns.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a six petaled flower with white petals covered in purple spots.

a flower with thin ragged pink petals, central stamen cluster and red pedicel.
the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has long, very thin, ruffle edged pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up.
this flower has long pink petals and long white stamen on it
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this pink flower has curled petals and pink stamen with purple anthers.
this flower has long and thin pink petals that have ends that curl downward.
this flower has pink petals with curved edges on red pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wrinkled.

peta;s are white in color,stamens are many with yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
large white petals in a star shape around long white stamen with dark yellow anther.
this is a white flower with many yellow stamen and a light green pistil.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has white petals with yellow and green stamen
this flower has 6 white plain petals and a bunch of stamen in the middle.
white flower flat wide petals shaped like blades yellow middle.
this flower has six large white petals which are soft and slightly ruffled.

the flower is purple and has speckled petals along with a pink and yellow stamen.
this unique flower has strange, white petals with shades and spots of purple and pink.
a spotted purple and white flower with separated petals and a large, pink stigma.
this light blue flower with dark blue tips has a large anther.
this flower has beautiful purple petals and same color pistil but darker.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of white petals with purple on them.
purple petals speckled with brown spots are fading into white towards the center where a star shaped pink filament is protruding.
this flower has spotted petals that are both white and purple.
this flower has purple and white spotted petals and a large, white stamen with pink spots.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple tips

white petals with broad flat ends and a yellow center with small white stamen.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovary.
these two white flowers have unbroken white petals that fan outwards, giving the appearance of pleated skirts.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has a funnel-like shape with a rounded white petal, a yellow ovary, and small white filaments.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a green pedicel and white petels with a yellow pistil and stamen.
the flower has white petals that are joined together to form a trumpet shape.

a very flat pancake-like white pedaled flower with a round yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by very ruffled white petals.
this white flower has a flat surface and a big yellow flower head in the middle.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
a pinwheel shaped flower that is white and has a dull golden center.
the flower is big with white petals that are so thin and soft and has bunch of orange stamen in the centre
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and thin.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flat white flower with a yellow core covered in yellow stubby stamen which surround a yellow ovule.

this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with brown stamen
this large flower has a very large dark brown center that looks like it contains several small seeds and is surrounded by yellow elongated pointed petals.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with a dark brown center.
this flower has a wide stamen with many thin yellow petals encircling it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointy on the tips.
this flower has a large flat disk center that is dark in color surrounded by a ring of pointed yellow petals.
this flower has a wide brown center and long tapered yellow petals.
a flower with bright yellow petals surrounded by a few green leaves.

the petals are orange and no stamen or pistil is seen.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this small flower has several smooth and flat petals in a shade of deep red.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has red petals that fold upwards and red stamen
a flower that has short and wide petals that are burnt red.
this flower large red petals and narrow white stamen with light green pedicel .
this flower has fan shaped reddish orange petals surrounding a darker pistil.
this flower has blossoms bunched together and small pink petals with rounded edges.

this flower is pale yellow and trumpet shaped, with conjoined petals that ruffle outward sat the tips.
the flower is on a single pedicel and its petal is cream in color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
flower has large yellow white petals with small green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has a trumpet shape, a fuzzy yellow receptacle, and a white petal with yellow veins.
this particular flower has petals that are round and green
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
the petals of the flower are a light yellow, and some petals have a light shade of green at the tip.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has yellow and brown petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very small
this flower has vertical pink stamen surrounding small round yellow petals.
red and yellow petals with dark green leaf
this flower has small yellow petals sticking out of a purple pedicel.
this flower has dark red stems holding small, pale yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has a tall column consisting of layers of pink sepals with a few small yellow petals.

the flower has a very wide white flower with white anther in the center
this flower features a set of white, wavy petals and a few loose stamen at its center.
the petals are big and white and the pistil is yellow.
this white flower has big petals with pistils in the middle surrounded by vibrant green leaves.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are connected together.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large horn shaped petal.
this flower has white petals and has small yellow stamen
single trumpet shaped pedal with long spindly white filament and anthers.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pointed and curled outward.
this is a round shaped white flower with white anthers coming out of the center.

the petals of the flower are red in color with yellow anthers in the center.
these flowers have red petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has numerous yellow stamen surrounded by overlapping layers of pointed red petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the anthers are in the center of the flower, which has red petals.
this flower has layers of wide red petals whose edges are sharply tapered.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this petal has simple rows of red petals, a maroon ovule and orange anther filaments.
bright red petals surrounding a bright dark yellow stamen and a darker red stigman.

the flower shown has orange and yellow petals with yellow stamen in the center
this flower has many yellow petals and a yellow ovule.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has long and thin yellow petals with a lot of yellow anthers in the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
a flower with long and narrow petal that is bright yellow.
this flower has simple rows of bright yellow petals, a yellow-orange ovule and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has densely filled rows of bright yellow petals.
the petals of the flower are quite short, and the stamen is a vibrant yellow color.

the flower has circular disc of stamens that are curly throughout their length and below which the petals are arranged separately around pedicel and facing towards the ground
this flower has long white ovular petals with purple-spotted stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this strangely shaped flower has purple tentacles coming out above white oblong petals.
this flower has stringy purple petals over white long petals.
this flower has purple and white stamen, white petals, and wide green leaves.
a large gray flower with a large colorful stigma in center.

the petals on this flower are red on the outer edge and get paler as you move towards the middle of the petal.
this flower possesses red and white petals and a large pistil at its center.
this flower has small points on the ends of petals, the petals are pink where the edges are bright pink
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this trumpet shaped flower has large petals, slightly pointed, with a gradient of pink hues.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink around the edges.
this flower has a yellow ovary and light yellow receptacle with light pink petals that have bright pink edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this particular flower has petals that are light red in the center and dark red on the outside
smooth and gradient pink petals are the outside of the yellow center.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has many stamens with larger anthers
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this is a pink flower with round petals, a white center and a yellow stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
tissue like leaves in pastel pink surrounds the mustard and white colored pistil and stamen.
the filaments of this pale pink flower are closely bunched together.
this flower is characterized by a seemingly continuous pink petals as well as a big circular pistil at the center.
this flower has overlapping petals in shades of white and pale pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and curled at the edges.

a tropical looking yellow and red flower with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow and red petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow patches
these flowers have inner petals of a bright yellow and are surrounded by lance shaped orange petals with yellow pistils.
the petals of this flower are white and red and the pedicel is green
this flower has pointed red sepals, yellow petals and prominent yellow stamens.
this colorful flower has petals of red and yellow and a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has yellow petals and a long yellow pistil, it also has large red sepal.

this light red or pinkish flower has petals with a touch of yellow, and pointed leaves.
this flower has orange layered petals around visible yellow stamin and pistil.
there are red, overlapping petals circling a cluster of thin yellow stamen.
the flower has large bright pink petals, yellow anther, and deep green sepals.
a reddish orange coloring gives this flower a similar appearance to a tomato.
this flower has dark pink petals with yellow, and the pistils are small and yellow
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and yellow and pink stamen.
this flower has a short grouping of yellow stamen surrounded by layers of overlapping smooth pink petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffly and curled.

this flower has curled over pale purple petals with a secluded pistil and no leaves.
this flower has long pink stamen surrounded by long thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
the petals on this slender, pastel pink flower are long and curling.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled over.
the flower has long light pink petals and long pink pollen tubes
this flower contains a pink petal that curves backward, and has long purple stamen.
this flower has long thin pale pink petals which curl slightly.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower has a magenta receptacle, red sepal, and white and pink petals.

this flower has a large red petal an done large light yellow stigma
the flower has bright red petals with a long yellow spear coming from the middle
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the flowers has a single big and red colored petal with a thick yellow stamen on the middle.
these flowers have one large, heart shaped red petal and a large and bumpy yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and a waxy, shiny, thick red spiked petal.
the petals of this flower are bright pink and in the shape of a heart and the pistil is tall and yellow.
this flower has a single red petal and a large yellow pistil.
this flower has shiny heart shaped red petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has pink petals with brown pedicel and yellow pistil
a flower with pink petals and that has yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this light pink and orange flower with tooth shaped, multi row petals have many long yellow stamen sticking out of the middle.
this flower has pink petals and many yellow stamen in the middle.
light pink, pointed and stacked petals, with long, yellow anthers.
this flower has several yellow stamen, surrounded by pink inner petals and lighter pink outer petals.
this flower has pink petals and have long yellow stamen

the flower has petals that are pink with white edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi coloed.
this flower has light purple petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has a large purple petal with one visible white stigma in the middle
this flower has light purple petals that are a little darker in the center.
light and medium pink smooth petals make a pentagon shape with a stigma peeking out of the center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
these flower have pink petals with white edges and a yellow stamen.
these flowers have lavender petals that sit above the soil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges

there is a linear arrangement of white petals outside of a circular grouping of stamens which are white with blue tips. inside of this configuration is a purple stigma in three portions and several yellow stamens.
this flower has large white petals and a lot of white stamen with blue anthers
scalloped and smooth white petals under blue, white and purple stringed like petals with a yellow, purple and white pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with blue and white stamen
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has smooth white petals and spiky blue, white and purple striped petals.
the petals of this flower are white and blue and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has a flat row of white oblong petals underneath a row of flat blue filaments.
this flower has petals that are white and has blue stamen
this flower is white, blue, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has dense red petals that are oval shaped with an orange pistil.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this bright orange flower has multiple petals with yellow stamen surrounding the compact stigma.
the flower has red petals with yellow anther and a red center.
blood red petaled flower, with many petals. there are many filaments showing with a dark seedlike middle
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a very bold and dark red colored petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has bright deep orange-red petals with dark brown receptacle encircled with deep gold short filaments.
this large bright red flower has round petals and a yellow center.
this flower has a couple of rows of bright red petals with short yellow stamen.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a green stalk with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
its a light purple flowerand looks like a mess.
this flower has stringy like petals that are purple with white tips
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are skinny and curled.
this flower has thin and rolled pink petals which protrude in all directions.
the pink petals are small and tube shaped and the sepals are green.
this flower has long and thing purple petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has very pointy purple petals with green and purple stems.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has many small pink petals with yellow anther in the middle
the flower has a lot of pink slender petals with the inner part of the flower mostly yellow and brown in color.
this flower has a wide green center with yellow stamen surrounded by layers of pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stemans
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flower with a large row of pink petals that surround a light green ovule.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and a yellow center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong pink petals in a ray formation.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the petals have a striking sunshine yellow that hides the main working parts of the flower and also has a large green pedicle.
pedicel is green in color,petals are rounded in shpe and are yellow in color
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower is a cluster of yellow leaves with a touch of brown in center.
a large yellow flower with some curved bright like pedals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower has layers of rounded yellow petals which are soft and smooth.
the petals are yellow and rounded, and they overlap densely.
this beautiful flower is covered with fluffy bright yellow petals.

the flower petals are alternately shaped and are light pink in color
the flower has purple and white petals with a green pedicel
this exotic pink flowers petals grow to a point with a variation of the color getting darker at the tips of the petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
this flower has petals that are pink with white trim
this flower is composed of several layers of overlapping, pointed, pale pink petals, which fade to white/pale yellow towards the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has smiple rows of pink and white petals, a white ovule and yellow anther filaments.
it has a lighter yellow receptacle that blends into light pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has red draping petals with a brown and red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with pink stamen
the flower has petals that are red with no stamen.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has large open petals that wrapped tighter closer to the stamen.
this flower has broad and long red petals, and white and red pedicel and leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and are folding downwards
large floppy red leaves on the outside with pastel purple rolled leaves on the inside
this flower has light purple sepals and stems with large bright red petals.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
these purple flowers have darker purple spots and their petals are sparse.
the petals on this flower are white with purple dots.
this flower has long thin petals which are pale purple covered with darker purple spots.
this flower has white petals that are covered in purple dots
this flower has light purple colored petals with darker purple dots all over.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long and narrow petals that have purple spots.
a flower with long and narrow petals that have purple spots.

the flower has a set of 4 yellow colored petals with lots of short of stamen.
the flower shown has several yellow petals, and a green center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has round yellow petals that has green stamen
this flower has a few bright yellow petals and lots of yellow stamen.
this a bright yellow rounded petal with multiple short yellow stamen filaments.
a large golden yellow pedal flower with a long group of stigmas.
this flower has small and shiny yellow petals which are smooth and rounded.

the petals of the flowers are bright orange with yellow tips while the round centers are yellow.
the petals on this flower are long and symmetrical and peach in color.
this pale peach flower has a double row of long thin petals with a large brown center and coarse looking yellow filaments surrounding it.
multi layered long thin orange petals with hollow centered gold toned stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are long and skinny.
a long pedaled pink group of flowers that have a large tan center.
this flower has a couple of layers of thin oblong pink petals in a ring formation.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are red colored with white tips.
dark peach, long, narrow petals in layers around a dark red center with light yellow stamen make up this flower.

long stem with tubes shaped for flowers which are red in color and closed petals.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this bright flower has long pointed petals that branch off from a center point, with an equal length leaf from the base of the plant.
this flower is a bright red, and its petals are long and pointed.
this flower has petals that are red and very tine
the red flower petals flourished in an upward motion
this flower has a tall column-like shape consisting of many layers of oblong red petals.
a red flower with it's floppy red petals moving up a thing green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has vertical layers of soft red fringe-like petals.

this unique blue flower has feathery thin petals with a large cob shaped stamen.
this flower's center almost resembles a cactus plant, and it has a frosty, purple-green exterior.
this distinctive flower features a prominent black ovary containing purple stamens framed by spiky purple petals.
the petals on this flower are lavender color.
this odd shape flower has thin lavender shape petals with a large lavender greenish shaped ovary in the center.
a flower with spikey petals that are light purple.
a large cone that blossoms with tiny flowers, surrounded by jagged lavender leaves.
this flower is green and white in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has a thick spiked green head and pointy, spiked pale purple petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green style

this flower has small, smooth lilac colored petals which are slightly closed.
the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and drooping.
this flower has light blue petals and no visible outer stigma
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has periwinkle petals and a green stem.
this flower has petals of purple shading to white with many flowers on a single stem.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has purple petals that grow pale white at the tips, it has a long green predicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together

the thin, purple petals of the flower are numerous and point upwards while the stamen is flat and light brown in color.
this flower has thick pointed purple petals and lots of skinny purple filaments.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are curled upward.
small succulent petals green fading to purple at the ends, with light stamen forming a large circular cluster.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has light and dark pink spiked petals with thick, pink and green pedicels.
this flower has big lavender petals white many tiny pink stamen covering the entire style.
this flower has thick purple and green sepals, smaller white petals, and lots of think purple filaments.

light narrow lilac petals below larger rounded lilac petals and a bell shaped lilac petal with dark purple on the inner side surrounding the yellow pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has large purple petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has petals that are light lavender in color.
this flower has petals that are purple with a patch of dark purple
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
there are ruffled pink petals and some petals have light and dark pink and form a vase shape.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a purple patch
this flower is a pastel purple color with ruffled petals and the center being a darker purple color.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are layered and they are purple in color and its old.
this beautiful pink flower has long, narrow petals and a round blossom, surrounding a purple center with yellow around the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a medium sized violet flower, with several long skinny pedals, and yellow stamen.
this flower has layers or rounded orange petals and yellow anthers.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this disk shaped flower has many purple petals with a short cluster of stamen at its center.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color and the inner stamen is the color black.

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around clustered stamens forming disc like shape
the stamen are short and the dark part of the flowers is where the ovary is.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this pale yellow flower has an outer row of star-shaped petals and an inner trumpet-shaped row, and also a prominent yellow pistil
the petals of the flower are long and narrow, and the stamen of the flower has a distinctive pattern of dots throughout.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has an orange center and layers of long orange petals.
there are orange and yellow pedals with stamen of a slightly darker shade of orange.

a flower with thin long pink petals and central cluster of orange stamen
petals are oval in shpe,they are light puirple in color
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the disc shaped pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around stamens
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has many long narrow petals that are pink around an orange center.
this flower has many light pink petals as well as deep orange stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has orange stamen
this flower has thin, elongated gently overlapping purple petals in a ray-like shape.

a strange looking flower with purple petals and no visible pistils.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are stacked on top of each other.
this flower has a chevron pattern of sepals from which protrude violet petaled blossoms.
the sepals are green in color and the ptlas are leaf shapd and maroon in color
the purple petals have a thatched design that hide the usually identifiable parts of the flower such as the pistil and the stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the deep maroon petals of this flower alternate in a striated pattern down to the long green sepals.
this flower has a purple vertical chevron of waxy stem holding violet petals.
long slim waxy maroon leaves that stack and alternate left to right nine times on each side and tapper in length towards the top.
a flower with long narrow petals in two rows that are dark purple.

a flower with folded back spotted yellow and red petals, green filaments,a nd orange anther
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
stamens are longer with larger yellow anthers
the flower shown has bright yellow petals with purple markings on them
this flower has petals that are yellow with some dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with brown spots.
the petals are curled backwards and are yellow with brown spots.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has curled yellow petals that have brownish red spots on them and long green filaments that end in big yellowish brown anthers.
this flower has yellow petals that have purple dots on them

these flowers has a lot of yellow petals with green leaves
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded and ruffled.
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, thin and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has yellow petals along with green and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this bright yellow flower has wide petals with a single orange spot on the base of each.
a cluster of vibrant yellow florets each with one large round and ruffled yellow petal and numerous stamen connected to a central yellow blossom.
the flower has a yelow petals with many stamen around the green pollen tube
this flower has small bright yellow petals with a slightly wrinkled texture and short yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots

the greenish white flower is inverted and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the supporting green pedicel
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with white dots
the petals of the flower are white in color and have petals that are drooping downward.
bumpy white petals that are rounded at the tips.
this flower has a smooth green stem and white petals that create an overturned cup-like configuration.
this flower has a drooping head and wide petals in hues of white.
this is a white flower with thick oval-shaped white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and are folded dowards
the white flower is inverted bell shape and it is supported by green pedicel

this flower has large purple petals and no visible stigma in the center
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are cone shaped.
a flower with a long pedicel and sharp purple petals.
a small trumpet shaped flower is pink at the base and the flowing petals become dark purple at the edges.
the flower shown has blue petals with a white/purple center.
this flower has petals that are blue and is in a bell shape
this flower has violet petals with a pale purple middle and an elongated receptacle.
this flower is horned shaped soft purple petals that lighten near the pistil.
this flower has a funnel-like shape and it is bright blue with a light purple ovary sitting in tiny green sepals.
a flower with wide petals that curl outward and are blue.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has thick purple and white petals as its main feature.
the flower has three redish petal like formations at the top, with a large pink bowl shaped petal at the bottom.
this flower consists of four petals. the petals are white with yellow striations.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow lines
this flower has unique petals combining layers of pink red and yellow stripes.
a pink and white color flower with yellow stripes on the petal and the leaves are green
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
the petals on this flower are round and purple shaped in threes.
this flower has large and very smooth, rounded pink petals with accents of fuchsia and yellow.

this flower's wrinkled pink petals surround a long pink stamen housing yellow and red anthers.
this flower has overlapping petals that are pink, with dark pink edges, and a pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
the flower has large pink petals that are tear dropped shaped.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker in the center.
this flower has light pink petals that are tinged with dark red in the center.
the wrinkled, pink petals form a vase shape around a long filament and yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has thick pink petals and a long pink style.
a light pink flower with five petals and a pink pollen tube.

one large green stamen with large pointed petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this medium purple flower has a darker purple center. the anther is pale yellow?
this flower contains beautiful, pentagonal blue petals with a wide interior.
two purple trumpet like flowers each with five petals and a white tipped stigma.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are spotted black near the center.
a flower with a purple petals and pointed tips.
this purple flower is star shaped and has thin petals with a darker purple stripe inside the middle.
this purple flower has stripes leading to a florescent green stigma.
this flower has purple petals and have a few green patches on them

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five slightly overlapping white petals with bright yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and in a pinwheel shape
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flower shown has yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are light yellow on edges, darker in the middle and orange at center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
lovely flower with a kind of white and small amount of red in the center of the petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is pinwheel shaped
this flower has petals that are white and yellow with a smooth surface.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are red with black dots
the petals are unique because they are together and spotted
this flower has dark purple anther and orange and purple petals as its main features
the flower has petals that are red with purple dots.
this flower has petals that are red and has black dots
this flower has large curve orange with black spotted petals and orange and black stamen.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are curled and spotted.
this exotic looking flower is a beautiful red with black spots.
this flower has long pink filaments with dark anthers and bright pink petals with dark spots.

this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffle and wavy.
a purple and red petal flower with light green sepal and a green pedicel.
the flower is purple with no ovaries visible at all.
small, wavy purple petals surround a center area of two more purple petals which are apposed to each other and have a little bit of yellow.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals are dark pink with white patches or orange with white patches and ruffled edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are purple and has patches of white
these purple flowers grow in clusters and have a few, curled purple petals.

the flower shown green pedicel and sepal with a white petal
the flower is white and funnel shaped and has petals that are fused and supported bye green sepals
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has large white petals and long green stamen in the middle
this is a flower with white petals with yellow on them.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
white cone shaped petals with a fuzzy green stem, no visible style, with small sepal.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has a bell shape
this flower has a small green sepal beneath the fuzzy yellow receptacle and white funnel-shaped petal.

the petals are long and oval, with many yellow anthers in the center.
this orange flower has strongly ridged oblong petals and a slightly star-shaped interior populated with yellow stamen.
this flower has rich orange red petals and golden stamens
this is an orange flower with many petals and yellow stamen at the center.
this flower is red and orange in color, and has petals that are curved backward.
the petals are bright red with a lighter center and surrounded by green stems.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has red petals, orange stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has bright orange petals with a pronounced mustard-colored pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

the petals look like pink a pink leaf that hangs upside down
the flower has a brilliant pink petal with a blue petal and a pink pedicel
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower has violet sepals and few deep blue-purple petals coming out with no exposed pistil or stamen.
this flower has long pink petals and no visible outer stigma on it
this flower has a layered pink petal with a blue stamen and long green leaves.
this pink and purple flower has no visible pistil and petals arranged like a feather.
this flower is pink and blue in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has purple and pink petals and bright green leaves.
this particular flower has petals that are long and pink with blue

this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow and layered
this flower has large light red petals and some yellow stigma in the center
leaves are green in color,the petals are orange in color and oval shaped
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has pink petals with a pink and yellow stigma and green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are pink and yellow and are layered in appearance.
this flower has red and yellow petals and has many layers
this flower is peach and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
flower has many pink and yellow petals overlapping in concentric circles.
this flower features a yellow middle where the stamen are and pink petals.

a pinwheel-like purple pedaled flower with a yellow and white stigma.
the flower shown has purple petals and a white pollen tube.
the flowers has purple petals and a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spiral shaped.
this flower has spiraling layers of pale purple petals around a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a white pistil, yellow stamen, and light purple petals in a spiral arrangement.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and aligned in a spiral.
a flower with long and curly petals that are purple.

the flower shown has a circular pink and white petal with touches of red
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with large rounded purple, pink, and white petals and a singular white pistal in the center of its opening.
the flower has a mixture of light pink petals with a streak of dark pink.
soft pink petals with darker pink towards center that surrounds the white pistil.
there are five pink petals, each with a streak of red radiating out from the center of the flower and a white pistil is visible.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has several pink petals with red highlights down the center of the petal.
this flower is has pink pedals with red and white highlights, surrounding a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center

little yellow pedals with yellow middle light green stem
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has 4 yellow petals with a light to dark yellow gradient color with long yellow stamens in the center of the petals.
this flower has four deep yellow petals laying horizontally with many short stamen in the center forming a circle.
this very plain flower is orange with a darker orange at the base of the round shaped petals.
this flower has yellow petals around yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
the flower has four round petals that are deep yellow.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen.
this flower has bright red petals with a purple and yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are red wtih a short stigma
this flower has tapered red petals which are wide and very vivid.
the petals are deep red and pointed at the tips and the sepals are deep forest green.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow and black stamen
this flower has brightly colored red oblong petals and yellow filaments.

the flower shown has smooth yellow and white egg shaped petals
these flowers have five white petals that are yellow near the pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow center
this flower is propeller shaped with white and yellow colors on its petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has five smooth and rounded white petals with yellow towards the center.
five pure white petals form a star shape and are yellow where they meet in the center.
this flower has five white petals and a bright yellow pistil.
this white and yellow flower has five rounded petals and green sepals.

the flower has green colored epals with red colored petals that are needle shaped
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has furred, fringed layers of red petals arranged vertically along the stem.
the flower has many red petals with thick green sepal
red every where, the flowers have upward and long red pedals that sit straight up
this flower has a cone-like shape that consists of many small red petals.
a big red rose bush growing flat from the ground in single long petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
this flower has a vertical fluff of thick red petals.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has tiny white central blossoms surrounded by pointed pink petals with leaf like veins.
this flower has small white petals and no visible outer stamen on it
this flower has a white pollen tube with pink filament and petals
this flower has bright pink receptacles and very small white petals in a wheel-like configuration.
this flower has large bright pink petals with much smaller, white stigmas.
the petals of the flower are a hot pink color, and the smaller stems are a light yellow color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
a flower with large petals with little yellow flowers in the center.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
blue petals that form the shape of a blueberry in clumps at the top of the pedicel.
lots of round blue small bell type small flowers form a spike that tapers to a point at the top.
the flower has berry shaped blue petals that are round.
a blue inflorescence where the older and bigger flowers are at the bottom and younger flowers at the top, and each flower's petals are fused together in a spherical bulb with a small opening lined white.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a round bell shape with bright blue color and puckered white mouth.
this flower has petals that are blue and bunched together
this flower contains many buds with blue petals and white tips.
a collection of blue white tipped flower pettles shaped like a cone off the pedicel.

this flower is pink and brown in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
this flower has a lot of pink petals pointing down, and a lot of green stamen
this flower is long oval shaped pink petals that face downwards, and a dome shaped pistil with many yellow stamen with pink tips.
this flower has a large brown center surrounded by long, thin purple petals.
this pretty flower has long purple petals that falls away form its center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has orange stamen
this flower has a large round ovule with yellowish orange filaments and main blade shaped pink petals.
this flower has long light pink petals arranged in a circular fashion.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has a round center and down-turned thin pink petals.

the flower has a very large orange petal with an orange pollen tube
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
the outer petal is yellow in color the inner petal is bright yellow in color
this flower has a wide pod surrounded by black stamen, around which are circled several overlapping layers of rounded red petals.
this flower has large orange petals with small white anthers on it
this distinctive flower has multiple layers of bright orange petals, with a small, bushlike pistil at its center.
this flower has two layers of orange petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a few layers of smooth round orange petals with a short clump of white stamen at their center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black stamen
this flower has a red petaled center, orange petals surrounding the outside of the flower, and white anther filament with maroon stamen.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
this flower has lavender and purple petals with light purple pistil.
this flower's purple petals are large and flat, curling sharply over an exposed cluster of stamens.
the petals of this flower are purple with purple stamen.
the petals of this flower are white with dark purple tips and the stamen are green with purple tips.
a purple and white petal flower with black anther and white filament and bottom of the petal white
this flower has purple petals with white shading and has black stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple and white.

the orange is the main color of the flower, and anthers being white.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
the flower is orange and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around stamens forming bowl shape
this flower has small yellow petals with white stigma in the middle of it
this flower has orange, rounded petals with white stamen on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
a flower with short and rounded ends that are orange.
this flower has small, very round petals of orange with veined red accents.
the flower has four orange petals that are asymmetrical, surrounding white stamen.

the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovary.
this trumpet like slower has five conjoined dark blue petals in a ruffled star shape.
this flower's petals are dark blue and it could be described as trumpet-shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue with small white stamen
very uniquely beautiful flower that is nice its own right
this blue, yellow, and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has large dark blue petals with a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are blue and is bell shaped
this flower has trumpet shaped petals that are bright blue in color.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
this flower has large white petals and no visible stamen in the middle
the petals are white and yellow, the five petals are overlapped.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged overlapping each other
this flower has five petals that are white with yellow closer to the pistil.
this flower has smooth small petals that are white and yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multicolored.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has five smooth round white petals with a yellow center.

the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals that are pointed down, and a lot of red stamen and anthers on top
purple flower with long thin petals and large center
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
purple pink mum flower with red bushy stamen in the middle standing alone in the field
the petals on this flower are mostly electric purple, and red is the color of the stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has purple petals and a bunch of red stamen in the middle.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the center.
this strange looking flower has purple petals with a blue butterfly on the flower
the flower has pink and white petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin with flowery stigma
the flower has pink petals that are long and thin and have dark veins.
this white and pink flower has many pointed petals and pink and white stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
a flower with long and narrow petals that are whtie and pruple.
this flower has white petals with purple towards the center and the petals come to points.

the petals are faced downwards and are a pink/purple color with lighter dots of white throughout.
the flower has a pink petals with dark spots on them and long green pedicel
pink spotted purple elongated petals with a yellow pistil and green pedicels.
the green stem is tall and has thick purple flowers growing from it.
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
dark burgundy, long slender petals spotted with pink, surround a long yellow pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has wide pink patterned petals with pointed tips that are arranged somewhat like a bell.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has large, wide petals whose coloring is a mottled mass of purple and plum hues.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and striped.
this lush pink flower has a unique core at its center, which is colored yellow and black.
this flower has multiple yellow stamen and numerous long, thin purple petals.
long purple petals with dark purple and yellow middle and green leafs
the flower has purple petals surrounding its yellow anther and filament
this flower has purple petals as well as a pistil.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant pink, with shades of purple to the base of the petal.
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and brown stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are red with green edges
long yellow petals with pink centers rising in the center of the flower with stamen forming a fringe around the outside.
a pink and yellow flower with filaments protruding from the bottom.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and wavy.
the stamen of this flower appear below the petals which are elongated and yellow with ruffled edges and pink centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red tips
a flower with long and narrow petals that are curly.
this flower has elongated curvy yellow petals with bright pink stripes down the center.
this flower has four large petals that are light red with a yellow outline.
the petals of the flowers are irregular and have pink in the middle and yellow around the edges. the stamen seems to be outside the petals and long as the petals.

this flower is peach and red in color, with petals that are darker in the center.
yellow light petals and a prominent pistil with many stamen
the flower has large round petals that are peach colored.
this flower has orange petals and a large orange stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are white with orange tint
this flower has petals that are white and has orange shading
this flower has wide peach-colored petals which are veined and ruffled.
this flower has large light orange petals that have some dark orange splotches, and long yellow pistil.
this flower is peach in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wilted.
a thick yellow pollen tube sits in the center of large peach colored petals.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, curled and arranged separately around stamens
ther are longer stamens with larger purple petals
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has thin pink stamen and long petals that have curly edges.
the petals of the flower are long and skinny in shape and are light pink in color.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl slightly.
this flower has long pink petals with long pink stamens.

this flower has yellow with purple polka dotted petals and sideways stamen.
this flower has yellow and pale orange petals that have some distinctive markings slightly reminiscent of tiger stripes.
the outer petals of the flower are orange while the inner petals of the flower are yellow with brown spots.
this flower has yellow petals with purple spots on its petals
the pretty flower has almost orange petals with two yellow and doted petals at its center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
there are some petals of the flower that have a distinct spotted pattern.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and have dark lines
this yellow orange and dark red flower has rounded petals and pink and yellow stamen.

the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
the flower has many deep purple petals that are pear shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with small stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are vibrant.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a short stigma
this flower has five very bright purple petals which are soft and smooth.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of five smooth purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with a hole in the center
this flower is vibrant purple in color, with thin wavy petals.
purple flower with five petals, light purple stamen. grows in clusters.

only five petals are seen on this blossom, they are white with bright yellow at the base.
this flower has smooth white and yellow petals and as its main feature
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the cneter.
this flower has white petals that form a pinwheel shape around the ovule, and which are yellow towards the ovule.
this flower has white petals and yellow style with green stamen
this flower has white petals with a bright yellow base that spiral together to the base of the flower.
this white flower has two colors within the petals, yellow on the inner part and white on the outer part of the petal.
there are five petal that are white at the tips, transitioning to yellow near the center of the flower.
this flower has large white pedals that turn yellow as they get closer to the receptacle.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a white pistil.

the flower stamen are smller with larger yellow in color anthers
this colorful flower has purple petals with distinct yellow stamen.
this flower has several layers of long, slim purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has a lot of slender and long petals that are purple in color.
this flower has a ring of exposed yellow stamen surrounded by a double layer of long narrow lavender colored petals.
this flower has pink oblong petals around its circle black and brown honeycomb center with yellow filaments.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the petals are oval shaped, and violet in color. the stamen is short and covered with yellow pollen

this flower has yellow petals with purple sepal as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are multishaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and blue and has yellow stamen
a flower with pointed petals on the outside and rounded petals on the inside.
the petals of this flower are gray and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has a star configuration of light blue sepals underneath five small yellow petals.
this flower has small yellow and blue petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has small yellow and blue petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has small yellow and blue petals and long yellow stamens.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has purple petals around orange stamen and a white pistil.
this flower has yellow pistil with purple petals as its main features
the flower has large violet petals that are light colored.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has wide petals that are light purple in color and arranged in an overlapping formation.
this flower has purple petals that overlap and has small stamen
this flower is small in size, with purple colored pedals, and a small pollen tube.
the light purple flowers with green leaves have a yellow center.
this lavendar petal flower has a yellow center and very delicate petals.

this flower has smooth white petals which are long and thin and flop slightly outwards.
the petals on this flower are white and thin with an open middle part
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
this flower has smooth white petals with green pistil as its main features
the long, white petals are slightly cured and the pedicel is brownish green.
this flower has long white petals and a green pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and are folded upwards
the flower is so big with white petals that are soft, smooth, lengthy and separately arranged in the green sepals

this flower has long white pointy petals and yellow stamen in the middle
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this many-petalled pale pink and green water flower has a bright yellow center and floats on the water surface along with its round notched foliage.
this unique flower has one large tubular petal and a thick stamen.
the flower has smooth white petals with yellow anther and filament in the center
this flower has a thick center of yellow stamen inside of a cup-like arrangement of layers of white pointed petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a wide yellow center and upturned layers of pale pink petals.

there are several shapes, sizes, and colors of petals on this complex flower.
the stamen are seen and the filaments pointing out.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are very slim and wavy in shape and are white and purple-striped in color.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
the flower has long, stringy purple petals with long green stamens and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a stringy stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this purple flower's petals are like thick purple threads surrounding a pale yellow center with pale green stamen.
this flower is white, purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are white with green patches
dark green pedicel and sepal supporting white crinkly pointed petals.
white petals with dark green leaves with some green in the petal
this white and green flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this purple has large, white petals with light green veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of green
several large individual white pointed petals with no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.

this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has a set of white, and pink colored petals with its center in a light green color.
the petals on this flower are white with red splotches.
this flower has large white petals with pointed tips and vertical pink accents.
this flower has wide and very smooth white petals with pale pink accents.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a green center
this flower has soft white and pink petals on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink at center and cream at edges and greenish centers.

this flower has several overlapping layers of large red petals with rounded tips and a smooth texture.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
the flower shown has layers of red petals and a red center.
this flower has petals that are red wiht yellow stamen
whats so unique about this flower is its rich cardinal color and its fan shaped petals.
the beautiful red flower is so vivid with petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like shape with yellow stamens in the center
there many yellow stamen around the dark center of this red flower.
this flower has a short yellow ring of stamen surrounded by a couple of layers of bright red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has many bright red petals that point upwards towards the sky in a cone shape are which are so dense you can't see the style or ovule.
yellow green leaves grow in an alternate pattern with large bunches of red flowers in the center.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
a flower that has dark red clustered petals and light green leaves
these red triangular flowers have lots of small red petals.
this flower has a spiky cone configuration of tiny bright red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has bunched of dark red petals in a cone shaped sphere with light green leaves around the bottom.
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.

the petals are a purplish hue blending towards a greenish hue as well.
this flower has a bright green pedicel, with petals are pale pink and yellow and have purple veins.
the flower has a drooping purple petal with a green pedicel
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are curved inward.
this small flower has thin purple petals with a soft point at the end.
this flower has petals that are cream with purple veins and formed in a downward cup.
this flower has wide white petals with purple accents and purple veins.
this is a pale purple with very vainy petals, and the pedicel is pretty big.
this flower has petals that are purple and has orange shading
this purple, pink and green flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

the flower is pink with its petals that are fused together and has spots in the inner portion
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this pink and red spotted flower has bell shaped petals that point downward.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals as its main feature
the flower has petals that are bell shaped and bright pink with purple and white spots.
this is a pink bell-shaped flower that flexes downwards and is covered in dark pink spots on the inside of the petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with bell shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are
this pink flower facing downward has a darker speckled pattern on the inside.
a mottled pink trumpet shaped flower with red blotches and no visible pistil or stamen.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that approval shaped.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and red with yellow stamen.
the petals are overlapping each other with yellow anthers being seen.
this flower has bright red petals and yellow anther as its main features
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong petals.
medium sized, bright red petals and many yellow anthers.
this flower has bright red petals and a small green pedicel
this flower has a darker center and yellow stamen, with bright red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has orange petals and a yellowish stigma and greenish pedicel.
this flower has orange and red petals with white pistil as its main features
the flower has multiple orange petals surrounding white stamen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.
white stigma with dark orange at the bottom flowing into lighter orange petals
this flower is orange in color, with rounded and thin petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
these bright orange flowers have five petals each grouped up in a cluster of three.

this flower has several layers of upturned pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the flower has large petals that are a bright pink color.
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright pink and white colored petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower has upturned players of wide pink petals with tapered tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple petals that are white on the bottom.

flower with bright yellow petals formed in a tight cluster.
yellow petals sit atop a green sepal and green pedicel
light yellow petals that are crinkled together into a dense ball with thin green leaves.
the flower is made up of a cluster of yellow petals and has green leaves.
these flower houses an array of ball-like yellow petals with green leaves in the background.
this flower has a globe-like shape that consists of many yellow colored petals.
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has a dense amount of small yellow petals and no visible pistil.
this flower has a rounded mound of pale yellow petals which are very ruffled.

this flower has dainty white and pink petals with a deeper read pistil and a green pedicel.
from bare green stalk white petals emerge from pink pedicel and pink sepals.
the pretty flower has three small white petals with a long stem.
this unique slim-petaled flower has a set of white petals and a green stem.
it is a white flower with five big petals and pink sepals and long white anther filaments.
the small, white petals sparsely surround pink colored stamen atop a green pedicel.
this flower has a thin red stem holding small very pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen
small, white petals with long, white filaments and green pedicel.
this flower has white petals, pink stamen and narrow thin, bright green stems.

this small flower has white petals and yellow stamen with reddish pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has large pink petals and smaller white flowers in the center of it
small white flowers with numerous small petals and one yellow stamen are arranged inside of fuschia bracts.
a flower with white petals and red leaves with no visible pistils.
this flower as white stamen, a magenta anther filament, and broad magenta petals.
this flower has fuchsia leaves with pointed tips surrounding tiny white blossoms.
the flower has large, purple petals with small white flowers sticking out from the center with yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
this flower has petals that are white with green spots
a large group of green sepal hold this white bell shaped flower.
this flower has large white petals and dots on the inside of it
this particular flower has petals that are circular and white with dots
this delicate white flowers have a bell shape surrounded by green leaves.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has green dots
this flower has white petals shaped like bells with green spots inside.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and ruffled.
this blossom has white petals which form several layers, there are many yellow stamen at the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this is a flower with many white petals and yellow anthers.
this white flower has rounded petals and white stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of large, fluffy white petals and many yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has thin yellow stamen surrounded by smooth white petals.

a flower with ruffled pink and white petals, white stigma, and black anther
the petals on this flower are white with pink fringes.
pedicel are green in color,petals are rounded in shape and are white pink in color
this flower has petals that are white with pink trim
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has wide white petals with yellow centers and ruffled pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has white petals with pink edges , the petals have a rippling, the stamen is purple.
this flower has petals that are generally white and round with crinkled pink edges.

a small white flower with a yellow stigma and green pedical.
this tubular flower has one curved white petal and a thick yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has one single large petal.
this white flower has two large petals and a large anther.
this white flower is shaped in a teardrop, with a thin bit of petal curling off the top tip, and a yellow pod of pollen in the middle, where the flower goes down like a vase.
this flower has a thick long yellow stamen surrounded by a curved white petal with a pointed tip.
this flower has two simple white petals with a pronounced yellow pistil.
this white flower has rounded petals, a yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
white color peculiar tube shaped flower with yellow fused center part of androecium an gynoecium
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma

a flower with pink petals and red pistils and anther filaments.
this flower has deep red center surrounded by numerous long, slightly tapered pink petals.
the petals are very long and thin and purple and point down away from the mound of stamen in the center.
this flower is pink and redin color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has many long pink petals and the red stamens come out of a ball in the center of the petals.
this flower is red and pink in color, with oval shaped petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that is purple.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has a round brown center surrounded by thin pink petals.
this unique flower has long thin pink petals with a big fussy stigma.

the flower has many small yellow petals and a yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a group of long stigmas
this flower has several overlapping layers of long, very thin yellow petals that protrude in multiple directions.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this a pale yellow flower with long petals that almost looks like a sunflower
this bright yellow flower features stringy petals surrounding a large pistil.
this is a bright round yellow flower with long singular petals.
this flower has long skinny yellow petals that puff out in all directions.
this flower has long yellow flat petals with a yellow stamen.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower is oval shaped with its yellow and orange petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
the sepals of the flower are green awhile the petals are yellow.
a number of flat, broad deep yellow petals with an orange-red stripe down the center of each overlap each other around a large center with a number of short dark stamen.
these flowers are yellow and red with brown highlights embedded in green leaves.
the flower is so big with petals that are yellow with red stripe along their length and has yellow stamen in the centre
this flower has yellow petals with red lines and many stamen
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this bright yellow flower had a red stripe down the center of each pointed petal, and a center of yellow stamen.

this flower has protuberant green and purple stamen and pollen tube surrounded by fringed thin purple petals, which are in turn surrounded by slightly pointed wide white petals.
the flower shown has white petals and purple and red anthers as its main feature.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a feathered purple receptacle and white leaves.
this flower has a circular shaped sepal as its main feature.
this flower has white petals with a layer of thin purple petals.
this flower has light green petals surrounding a hair-like purple fringe and prominent green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
the stamens of the flower have a distinctive color pattern, and in a circle formation.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is green

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are yellow with brown stripes.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by pointed yellow petals with vertical red stripes.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
the beautiful big yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has dark red stripes along the length of petals and also a bunch of yellow stamens are fixed in the centre
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has several rows of yellow and red petals.
this flower has several rows of yellow and red petals.

the flower has three large purple colored petals with large stamen
this flower is vibrant pink in color, and has petals that have veins running throughout them.
this flower has purple stamen surrounded by several large leaflike purple petals.
a flower that has vivid pink petals and also pink filaments
hotpink pedals with dark pinkesh pistil om the stem
this flower has bright pink petals that have a veined texture with darker pink stamen.
this brilliant purple flower has only a few stamen and its petals are veined, resembling leaves.
this flower has bright magenta petals, bright purple stamen, and green pedicels.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have veins.

this flower contains round, lavender petals that has several filaments in the center.
a flower with large wilted individual purple petals and yellow clustered stamen.
the flower has petals that are light purple with yellow filaments.
the laves are alternatly arranged and the flower has purple colored petals
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the end.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has lavender petals with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
a purple and white flower with a golden center stigma.
the petals of the flower are in a fan formation, and have shades of purple and white throughout.
this flower has overlapping pale purple petals which are delicately textured.

this flower is in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red with many layer
the flower shown has small red petals which are its main feature
the petals are in a cluster. they have an orange appearance. the sepal is a dark green with a black bands.
a small group of red flowers; looks like more than one flower on the stem; the petals are red.
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has small red petals and long red stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
a red flower with many petals hanging from it's pedicel with black anthers filament.
this flower is characterized by its dark red petals, as well as its red pistil at the center.

the petals are yellow in color and the pistil is not visible.
these flowers grow in such a way that they look like one large flower accompanied by a few stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower has tiny yellow blossoms of smooth and rounded petals.
this flower has very yellow petals with darker yellow to almost green stamen in the center of each flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has golden yellow petals that hang and a green pedicel
this flower has petals as well as a sepal. it is colored yellow

this flower has nice yellow petals with white ovule.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
a yellow flower with large petals and a few short stamen in the middle.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this is a flower with yellow petals and a white stigma.
these flowers are in a group of several blooms and they have a deep yellow coloring to the petals.
this flower has very small white stamen surrounded by four smooth rounded yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has small yellow petals with rounded edges and orange accents.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen

this white and purple flower has fragile petals and soft stamens.
a small violet flower withmany yellow styles
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have small veins.
the flowers has a yellow middle portion and radiating outwards towards the tip of the petals is a light pink color.
the flowers has petals that are pink with white centers and yellow anthers.
a large light purple flower with a yellow center and a long white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has petals that are rounded, a light pinkish lavender that are white and green in center.
a flower with light pink petals and yellow in the middle by the stamen.
a four petaled flower that is light lavender with a yellow center and many white anther in the center.

the flowers has so many petals that looks like it has smaller petals on its tips.
this specimen has several rows of pink petals and is wide and has a overall round shape.
this flower has green sepals with several layers of ruffled, wide pink petals.
pink flower with jagged petals and a dark green pedicel and sepals.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this particular flower has petals that are white and pink
this flower has a ruffle of small and very textured pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has ruffled edges
this flower has a thick green sepal and pink petals with a jagged top edge.
this is a pink flower with jagged petals that overlap each other.

leaves are green in color,flower petlas are red in color
this small flower has bright red petals with slightly rounded shapes.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red with yelllow stamen
the petals on this flower are red with green stamen.
this bright pinkish red flower has five veined leafy shaped petals and long green stamen.
this red flower has petals that curl inward and a slightly lighter colored ovary.
these hot pink flowers have large traditional tear dropped shape petals
a flower that has narrow and long petals that are pink.
this flower has red petals that form a half circle together

the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has five wide smooth purple petals which overlap each other.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
a bright lavender flower with wide slightly pointed petals, white pistil, and light yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pale purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has five large rounded purple petals and a yellow and white stamen.
several large lavender spade shaped pedals surround white pistol with yellow stamen.
several large lavender spade shaped pedals surround white pistol with yellow stamen.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has pink and yellow speckled petals and pink styles and pale green anthers.
the flower has pink petals with yellow and dark purple spots and green anther
the leaves are long and dark green, and there are two overlapping rows of pink flower petals with green points surrounding a pistil with green stigma and pink style.
this flower has large pink petals and a lot of dark spots and long red stamen
there are several light pink heart shaped petals, two light pink and yellow petals with maroon speckles, and prominent pink and green stamen.
the flower has several solid pink petals and petals that are pink and yellow with red lines on it.
this flower has wide and very smooth petals in pale pink and yellow.
a pink flower with folded back pink petals surrounding pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange patches
this five petal flower has bright yellow petals that are highlighted by a spot of orange near where the petals attach to the center of the flower.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has patches of orange
this flower has five bright yellow petals with a spot of orange on each petal, closest to the stamen.
this flower has yellow petals and large bright green sepals.
this yellow and red flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.

a stumpy multi flowered plant with cream yellow and white pedals.
the flower is yellow and white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pedicel
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white tips
the flower has yellow petals with an orange pollen tube.
a yellow flower with white edges and a dark red center.
this flower has five rounded, very smooth yellow petals with perfectly white edges.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has flat yellow and white petals in a pinwheel shape.

the bold yellow flower has rounded petals with red markings toward the bottom.
a flower with yellow petals with red marks and greenish anther filaments.
a small yellow flower with smooth round petals that have blots of small red markings.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are spotted with red in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange center and green stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange spots
a yellow flower with red spots towards it's center that is filled with light green stamen.
the flower is yellow with red, leaf-like spots on each petal.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a slightly wrinkled texture and some red markings.

the flower is so big and has petals that are separated and arranged in a disc like manner around the stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
the arrow shaped light pink to violet petals of this flower surround dark anthers supported by cream colored filaments.
this flower features a prominent ovary surrounded by white pointed petals with a purple stripe in the middle arranged in a star pattern.
this flower has pink stripes on white petals that come to a point
this flower has a wheel-like configuration with white and pink petals.
this flower has large white petals that turn pink towards the center.
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has eight petals that are white with a pink stripe down the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple lines

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow center
the petals on this flower are red with a yellow center.
this is flower with bright pink petals and a white stigma in the center.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has five large wide petals which are hot pink with slightly paler centers.
this flower has has bright red petals with a slightly yellow middle and stamen.
this red flower has 5 leaves with a deep pale yellow center.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has bright red petals and white stamen in a white ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center

the flower has a several pieces of yellow colored petals that looks similar to its leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow with pointy tips
this flower has red sepals surrounding several large very pointed yellow petals which point upwards.
a flower with orange and purple petals and no visible pistils.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the petals of this flower are orange and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are yellow and are veryt hin
a flower that has the likeness of a bird with yellow petals stemming from it's stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and green sepals.

this flower has many pink petals with yellow anthers and some dark anthers
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a flower with pink petals and with small yellow stamen.
this flower has pink petals that have small and yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored.
this flower has a single layer of oblong light pink petals with a ribbed texture.
this is a purple flower with eight petals and a yellow stamens.
this flower has a round grouping of yellow stamen and sparse rippled purple petals.

this flower has a trumpet shaped yellow blossom surrounded by several large pointed petals in paler yellow.
the flower shown has a yellow petal with a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow with a long stigma
a row of pale yellow petals encloses the bright yellow petals with the stamen at the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has white-yellow petals with a head that is bent to the side, the petals gradient to a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has a light yellow sepal with yellow petals in a trumpet formation at its center.
a flower with a center yellow petal cone with outer light yellow petals.
this flower has pale yellow petals which are very smooth, with a fluted and ruffled center.

this flower has a row of red petals, under a group of yellow petals, and yellow stamen.
there is an inner layer of bright yellow petals, an outer layer of pointed red petals, a prominent green pistil and many yellow filaments.
the flower shown has yellow petals with yellow pistil which are its dominant features
the flower has two layers and bottom is red white the top layer is yellow.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this plant has yellow and red petals with an ovule made up of small little stamen that look like hairs.
this flower has center petals of bright yellow and longer petals on the outside of deep red.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and has a flowery stigma
a flower with long and narrow petals that are rounded at the tip.
this flower has yellow petals, crimson sepals, and mostly yellow stamen, with a few green stamen protruding from the center.

this flower has petals that are light pink with yellow stamen.
a water flower with pinkish petals and yellow anther filaments with yellow pistils.
the flowers has thick and lightly colored petals which is mostly pink but the center graduates to a yellow shade.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower is on a green pad and has pointed pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has soft pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals oval shaped.
this flower is shaped like many stars stacked on top of each other with a fading color scheme from dull pink on the outside to bright yellow on the inner petals and pollen tubes.
this pink flower has pointed petals and bright yellow orange stamen.

this flower has long white petals and a large yellow stigma in the middle
flower made of one huge white petal and a very long yellow stigma.
this flower has one large white petal and a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has one white petal with yellow coming out .
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
a white flower with a long orange cob shaped pistil at it's center.
a single, large white petal that is teardrop shaped, and a long yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large white petal that is rounded in shape.
a flower with a large petal that is white and wraps around the pollen tube.

pretty white petals with green veining leading from stamen that is white.
the flower shown has a white thin petal with green mossy pedicel
this small white flower has fluttery pointed white petals and yellow stamen.
the pretty flower has white petals with a light green center.
the petals on this flower are a whitish yellowish color
this flower has five frilly white petals veined with light greenish yellow and a yellow throat.
this flower is pale yellow and green shade with long petals and green streaks in throat of flower and a small stamen.
the flowers white with grain leave
this flower has a white petal with uneven edges and green veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

the flower shown has orange pistil surrounded by red petals
this flower has long red petals and yellow and red stamen in the center
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this composite flower of aster family has outer 2-3 whorls of long red florets forming the corolla, and the center is dark colored surrounded by small red florets having yellow pistils.
the petals are oval in shape,they are red in color
this flower has layers of wide thin red petals with pointed tips.
this flower has layers of red pointed petals and a large center of red and yellow stamen.
this flower has red petals that has yellow and black stamen
this flower has several rows of many red petals and many yellow stamens.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower has petals that are pink with white patches
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens overlapping each other and supported by sepal
flowers are alternately arranged,they are light pink in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white, with dark pink edges and purple anthers.
this flower has large white petals whose ruffled edges are a deep pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink and ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has think pink and white petals with dark colored stamens.
the petals of the flower are a ruffled texture, and have various shades of pink and white throughout.

this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has thick triangular sepals surrounding hundreds of very thin purple petals.
the pale purple flower has large alternatimg petals with many and large purple colored stamen
the flower has green and purple petals with lots of purple anther on top
the flower has many thin upright light purple colored petals.
the flower has no visible petals, but instead hundreds of light purple filaments.
the petals of the flower are a hair like texture, and a light purple color.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple sepal.
this purple flower has an appearance that can resemble a pineapple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has string stamen

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this white flower has petals that curve up like a bell with green sepals, but appears to have no stamens.
this trumpet shaped flower has five conjoined white petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
the flower showcases a large green sepal and pedicel as well as a white colored petal.
this flower has white petals that are curved upwards into a bell shape and a green and white ovule.
white circular shaped flower with jagged edges with undertones of green the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that haveyellow veins.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that haveyellow veins.

the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth, needle shaped and separately arranged in disc like manner around stamens
petals are needle shaped and are yellow in color with lager anthers
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with anthers that are yellow.
this flower has yellow shredded pedals with yellow beaded stamen in the middle of it.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by a thin fringe of yellow petals.
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and forming a shape like needle disc with yellow stamen in the centre
this flower has petals that are yellow and has stringy stamen

the petals of this flower are white and pink with a short stigma
the flower has petals that are bell shaped and white, with purple spots on the interior of the bell.
the petals of the flowers are made of white and pink blooms that grow up a green stalk.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted inside.
jarred shaped flower with light purple petals, and a zebra decorated one leading to the pistil
this flower has white and purple petals that are formed into a bell shape with white and brown spots in the middle of the flower.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
this flower has small green sepals and white bell shaped petals with darker spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

the flower has petals that are large and pale pink with a dark pink center.
a flower with large folded over pink and red petals and green sepals and green pedicel.
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
the leaves are dark green in color with white alternately arranged petals
the flower has a smooth white petal with dark purple on the lower part of the petal
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are darker near the bottom.
the petals are a pink so light it is almost white on the largest surface area but are dark pink to red closest to the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
the petals of the flower are white and magenta and the pedicel is green
this white flower has only a few loose petals, with a cluster at the center, and a base of dark red.

sepals are green in color,flower is blue in color and capsule in shape
the flower shown has purple bell shaped petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has blue petals with green pistil as its main features
the petals of this flower are an indigo color and the stamen are dark green.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a patch of green
this flower has dark purple petals and a very small yellow pistil
a flower with long petals and many points that is blue.

this flower has a great deal of football shaped, pink petals
the petals of the flower are pink and has a pink center filled with its anthers.
the petals of this flower are a pink in color
a large salmon colored flower, with pointed petals.
this flower displayed has many pink petals as well as pink anther
this particular flower has petals that are dark pink and sharp
the petals on this flower are mostly pink, and red is the color of the stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and pink and has purple stamen
this flower has multiple layers of light pink petals in a ring formation.
this pink flower has many layers of pointed petals and bright and dark pink stamen.

this flower has a red petal with a yellow and white pistil.
this flower has a single burgundy petal and a white stigma.
the flower has a single crimson bloom and visible ovary.
a flower with large individual deep crimson petal and towering orange and white pistil.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has dark red singular petals with a single pollen tube and has green leaves.
the red flower has deep red broad leaves and a elongated stigma.
this red flower has a heart-shaped petal and a white and yellow stigma.
this flower is red, white, and yellow in color, and has only on large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style

the flower shown has purple petals along with green pedicel
these pettals are bright pink with pointy, peaked petals layered to an open center on a clean straight stem.
the petals are in a pretty formation, the smallest on the outside and the largest on the interior.
a medium pink flower, with a lot of petals that are all pointed up.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved inward.
this flower has pink petals that are pointed at the end
this flower has closed pink petals on top of a green pedicel.
this flower has several rows of different sized pink petals.
this flower has upturned layers of pale pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled upward.

the flower has several petals that are in a button, some are open on the top.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and closed together
this flower has multiple purple buds and doesn't look like it's bloomed yet
the purple bell shaped florets of this flower form a perfect pyramid upon a thick green stem.
these are purple bell shaped flowers, with a highlight of yellow, that grow in a graduated cluster at the top of the stem.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has a large number of small blue jug petals that have white edges and yellow ovaries.
this flower has a small purple globe shape with a ruffled white mouth.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together

the petals of the flower are white in color with a yellow pistil and green leaves.
this flower has large white petals with yellow stigma in the middle
this flower is white in color, with only one large petal.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with a yellow pistil in the center
this flower has smooth, white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has a single large white petal with a very thick yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this white flower has a heart shaped petal and a yellow orange pistil.
this flower has one white petal with a brown, corn shaped stigma in the center.
this flower is white in color, and has only one large petal.

this flower has wide pink petals with green edges, veined and very leaflike in appearance.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower contains green leaves as well as pink and white ones.
the petals on this plant are unique because the have a red color with a light green color all around the sides.
this flower has large pink petals and a green stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are red with patches of green
the plants bottom leaves are green and upper leaves are pink and the buds are orange and green pedicel
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has pointed and leaf-like petals with veins and pale green edges.
a flower with long and wide petal with a pointed edge.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has long petals that are purple and has no visible stamen
the flower has oval shapd petals that are pink in color
the down turned flower has wavy pink petals and yellow anthers pointed down.
this flower has petals that are pink and fold upwards
this flower has very smooth, soft pink petals which bend backwards.
the flower has a purple petals with along prune stem
this flower has a straight dark purple stem leading to upright wavy purple petals with a smooth texture.
the petals of the flower seem to be standing up, and are a bright pink color.

this flower has orange colored petals with green stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
the petals on this flower are orange and trumpet shaped.
horn shaped flowers with long orange and yellow flower petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and are bell shaped
this flower is orange and pink in color, with multi colored petals.
some large funnel shaped flowers that are orange and red pedals.
a flower with petals that are orange and curved outward.
this flower has a long trumpet shape and a rounded mouth of orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and makes a bell shape

the petals on this flower are purple with green stamen.
the flower shown has several layers of blue petals with white in the center.
the petals are two toned with medium blue coloring on the outer edges and white at their centers while the stamen and stigma are dark green.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow shading
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has has multiple layers of blue petals with pointed tips and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are both white and blue with a large green pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center
these petals are blue fading and fade into white in the center and have dark green stamens.

the flower shown has white and purple pistil with a large white petal
the flower has petals that are white in color and has white filaments.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are large and curled at the ends.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamen in the middle
the flower has many stamen white in color with larger anthers brown in color
a group of snowy white flowers with golden and white stigmas.
this flower has wide and smooth white petals with ruffled, curled edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white.
the flower has large squared of pedals surrounding white stamen.

this water lily has a ton of yellow stamen and white petals that stand up.
the flower shown has white petals surrounding its yellow anther and filament
this flower houses white petals and vibrant yellow stamen at its core.
the petals are white and pointy, surrounding stamens that are a bright yellow.
this flower is yellow and white in color with yellow stamen and pointy petals.
the petals on this flower are long and white and the pistils are long and yellow
a large spiked white flower and a long yellow stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.

a pink and white flower with a wide set of petals
three part flower with six pink petals and stamen with pink filaments and yellow anthers.
the flower has very large red petals with white on the inside and yellow stamen
this flower has pink and white petals with a green colored pedecil.
a flower with long stamen and large petals colored pink and white.
there are pedals with a white base fading into pinkish red. the stamen are a similar pink and white.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
this flower has rounded red petals with white veins, pink and yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
this flower has layers of white petals with deep pink designs and edges.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this flower has bright yellow petals, and around the edges the color fades to white.
this flower has thick white and yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has five petals that are yellow with white edges.
the flowers are yellow and white with red stems and green leaves.
this flower has large white petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower has small yellow petals with smooth white edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has wide, very smooth yellow petals with white edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower shown has bunches of skinny white and blue petals.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are purple with white tips.
this flower has petals that are blue and very thin
this flower has dense spiky petals with no distinguishable pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pointy and sharp.
this flower has purple folded petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
the petals of this flower are numerous, thin, and colored white and blue.

the petals on the flower are thin and are going downward and are yellow
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the flower has bright yellow petals with black stamens.
the yellow flower has a row of beautiful petals around it.
this flower has a wide brown center and long yellow petals.
a flower with yellow petals and black stamen.
this flower has many yellow petals bending backward on its stem exposing a black middle.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in single layer around brown stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

the flower has petals that are purple and white pistil.
the petals of the flower are purple and the stigma has white flowers emerging from it.
this flower has two large purple petals on the outside, and small white petals on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are purple with flowery white stigma
a flower with a large purple pedals and a white center.
this flower has yellow stamen in the middle, surrounded by tiny white petals and a few large purple petals.
this flower has pointed pink leaves with veins surrounding tiny white inner blossoms.
this flower has pink petals that have a flowery style on them
a flower with one large purple petal and a smaller flower with white petals growing out of it.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
this flower has very large and wide orange petals with rounded and slightly ruffled edges.
a flower with multicolored red, orange and yellow pedals.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the flower has a bright orange petal around the dark red pollen tube
stamen are barely visible and dull colored and the petals are large, and bright orange and yellow with irregular shapes.
this flower has petals that are orange with small white stamen
this flower has an irregular arrangement of overlapping petals that are smooth in texture and bright orange in color.
the orange petals are slightly ruffled and the stamen is small and orange.

this flower has petals that are red with many layers
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has many rows of red flowers with no visible stamen.
a flower with concentrically folded bright vivid red petals
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched closely around the center.
this flower has red clustered petals embedded on a green leafy vine.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are are slightly wet.
deep red, round petals with no other structures visible.
a flower with long and wide petal that are red and curled together.
the rose has deep red petals that are soft and clustered together.

the petals of this flower are yellow and red with a long stigma
the flower shown has red petals with yellow tips, and a red/yellow center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
this flower has red petals with yellow tips and a brown stigma.
the center of this flower, the pistil, looks somewhat like a hornet's nest.
this flower has many petals with yellow tips and red bodies arranged in a disk shape.
this flower has petals that fade from a dark puple to a deep red and finally a bright yellow.
these small petals have orange tips but the rest is a deep red color.
a flower with long and narrow leaves that are yellow on the edge and purple in the center.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around clustered stamens
this flower has petals that are thin and yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shapes.
this flower has long skinny yellow flowers and yellow stigma in the center of it
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the flower has many yellow petals with flat tip ends
this flower has a rounded mass of yellow hairs and long, thin yellow petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright yellow.
there are so many pointy overlapping yellow petals on this round shaped flower.

this flower has petals that are pink and fold together
this flower has pink petals and no visible outer stigma
this small flower has several small pink petals with rounded edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
the flower has a pink petal with patches of yellow and green pedicel
a pink flower and a yellow spot and a green stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is made up of different shaped pink petals with a few yellow and white highlights.
this flower has small pink petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wrinkled.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this small flower has several smooth yellow petals with rounded edges.
the flowers have very small yellow petals with white stamen in the center
this flower has a small amount of round orange petals.
the flower has rounded petals that are yellow in color and inner white colored petals
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower is made up of four yellow petals that all have orange high lights.
a flower with small yellowish red petals with very short white stamen at it's enter.
this flower has small yellow and orange petals which are smooth and very round.
this flower has a darker orange receptacle with bright yellow round petals and white stamen.

the petals on this flower are white with a little bit of ruffles on the edges and has a yellow middle.
the big flower has white petal and also yellow stamens that looks like petals in the centre
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has very large white petals with a wrinkled texture.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has wavy petals and yellow orange stamen.
a white flower with white petals with a large yellow ovule covered in yellow stamen at it's center.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has multiple layers of pale peach and yellow petals with pointed edges.
this flower has large yellow petals and no visible outer stamen
the flower has peach and white petals with yellow stamen in the middle
a flower with orange petals and dark yellow pistils receding.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has many level of pale yellow petals that become slightly more orange toward the edges.
this flower has layers of small oblong peach and pink colored petals.
this flower is a has petals that are ascending from yellow to white and then to a brownish pink color.
this is a light brown flower that turns yellow toward the receptacle.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
the flower shown has small red petals with yellow pistil
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by layers of long red petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a large red flower and yellow flower, red large petals and yellow pollen tube.
this flower has red petals with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
this bright red flower has pointed petals and a dark brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
many red petals surround multiple red stamen atop a green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are yellow with numerous folds.
this flower is one large group of golden lacey petals.
these two beautiful flowers has a lot of tiny yellow pedals with green leaves
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have curled edges.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are orange and are ruffled together
the petals of the flower are golden yellow and the pedicel is green
the petals and centers of the flower are yellow, and the leaves are green.
this large flower has clusters of bright yellowish orange petals.
this flower has a globe-like shape that is made up of many orange petals.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are mostly white while the inner layer is detailed with purple.
this flower has a white petal and a lot of purple anthers surrounding the petals
this flower has a large pistil with several stamen, purple and white frills, and white, skinny petals.
this medium white flower has rows of thin blue petals and thick stamen.
this flower has wide rounded pale petals surrounding a fringe of hair-like purple petals.
the purple and white petals are thin and the sepals are green and wrinkly.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has a lower row of white petals, an upper row of long, pointed purple petals and a prominent stamen and pistil.
a small flower with thin purple and white petals surrounded by white broad leaf petals.

this flower has long, tapered lavender petals around prominent brown stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
there are light purple petals that point downward and the stamen and stigma are brown and orange.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooped downward.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower has lavender petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with purple-white droopy petals topped with a big ball of orange-green stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has yellow petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the flower has yellow petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
a yellow flower with curved smooth petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and just beginning to open.
the flower consists of smooth rounded bright yellow petals sitting on a bright green pedicel.
this flower has broad petals that are bright yellow and come from a single stem.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals are a very bright pink which is a contrast to the stigma in the middle which is green.
this small flower has slightly ruffled petals in shades of bright pink.
the petals on this flower are pink with a yellow base.
this flower has petals that are pink with a hint of yellow
this flower has large and very ruffled petals in shades of pink with yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has pink petals that droop, green pointed leaves, and green stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has multiple blooms surrounding a singular stem, bright pink petals, a yellow ovule and green leaves.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
the petals of the flower are orange in color and are arranged in a clump.
the petals are orange in color and the overlap each other.
this flower has petals that are orange and bunched together
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this orange and pink flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has broad light orange petals that have shadings of white.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this particular flower has petals that are dark orange and round

sepals are green i n color,flower petals are yellow and brown spotted in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange dots
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with orange speckles.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower shown has yellow and purple petals with green pedicel
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has large yellow petals with red spots on them protruding from green pedicel.
this flower has light yellow petals with lots of small yellow markings.
this pale yellow flowers is beautiful during the spring time and it has bright specks of orange arranged within it long leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots

a large deep ink colored flower with a lot of petals.
the flower has a bright pink petal with yellow anther and white filament
this flower possesses a set of vibrant pink petals and interesting set of yellow stamen.
this is a very large red flower with really long stamen.
several bright deep pink petals folding over one another to reveal a yellow tipped white stamen.
a hot pink flowers with several wavy petals and a white pollen tube with lots of light yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curled back on the egdes.
this flower has bright pink petals with a stamina that has a white filament and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has many pink petals with white filament and yellow anther.

the star shaped white flower has petals that are fused near the sepal and flaring out as separate in the outer region
this flower has large white petals and a long white stigma in the center
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with whit style
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this white flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
a star shaped flower with five white petals with purple lines running through them.
this flower has a white five star petals with a white anther.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this bright white flower has a row of star-shaped petals and an inner trumpet-shaped row, and also has a white pistil "

pedicel is green in color,petals are smaller in size and are purple incolor
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower has multiple tiny purple blossoms with very thin petals.
this purple flower looks like a ball and has individual florets that have their own stamens.
this flower has purple and very thin petals that make a ball shape
this flower is purple in color, with small star shaped petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly light purple in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
this flower is bulbous and contains many little flowers within it, all a lilac color.
this flower has a bulb-like shape with lots of very tiny blue petals.

this flower has a long and thin yellow petal with a yellow pistil
the flower has many small pointy yellow petals with yellow anther in the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny and long.
the flowers has hundreds of slender yellow petals that looks like hair.
yellow flower with a bee inside of it.
a dull yellow large flower with long pedals and a tan center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and long.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pale yellow.

this is a flower with ruffled petals that are pink and white.
the flower has purple and white petals and a hidden pistil.
the flower is pink in color and has petals that ruffle along the edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very wavy and ruffled.
this flower is a light pink and a white color, and it has curvaceous petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this is a flower that has ruffled white and pink petals.
this flower has layers of pink and white petals.
this flower has pink and white petals arranged in a non-uniform pattern.
this flower is pink with white on it

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the petals on this flower are pink and in the shape of a bell
a flower with a large bell shaped singular pink petal and green sepals.
the pink petals form a deep bell shape upon a green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are pink and in a bell shape
the bell shaped pink flower has fused petals that are soft and so smooth which is supported by green sepal
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and in a bell shape
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
a flower with long petal that curls outward and is light pink.

this flower has overlapping pointy yellow petals that wrap into a circular shape.
this yellow-petaled flower is pointed at its tips and features a covered center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
the pointed yellow and orange petals surround the pistil protecting it.
there are several yellow, pointy petals on this flower, and no distinguishable pistil or stamen.
this flower has vertical layers of thick and very spiky yellow petals.
this flower has stacked layers of orange petals that are long and sharply pointed.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are pointy at the edges

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the face f this flower is pointed downward, but the three large pedals turn 180 degrees from the face and point upwards.
this flower has nice purple petals and a green and purple stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and in a bell shape
this flower has purple and white petals with brown stems
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has long lavender petals that get darker purple and white highlights closer to the pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this flower has petals that arepink and are folded upwards
this flower has a brown pedicel with upright petals that are light pink.

a flower with a pink pistil and a pink and green stamen
this is a very unique looking purple flower with plenty of stamen.
the stamen is a light pink color along with the pink petals blossoming open.
the flower has multiple petals that surround an ovary that is full of stamen that have pink anthers.
this light purple flower has a large head, with curved, pointy petals and very thick filaments.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has wide, spike-tipped pale pink petals and tiny pink blossoms.
this flower has large pink petals and small pink stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointy.
this flower has petals that are white and has a flowery stigma

this flower has small yellow petals and no visible anthers on it
this flower has petals that are red, purple and thin
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this is a vertical flower with different layers of red and yellow petals going upward.
the flower has soft pink petals, yellow petals, and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red tips
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple and dark red.
this flower has groups of very small yellow petals and deep pink sepals.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are curved outward.
this is a fragile looking flower that is nearly in a trumpet shape and is white.
this flower is slightly bell shaped with conjoined white petals which curl slightly backwards.
the flower shown has a smooth white petal very large with white filament
this flower has a large white petal and white stamen with dark white anthers on it
this flower has large white petals that fold away from the center which contains thin upright stamen.
the petals are white in color ,the stamen is a pale white changing to a light green ,the petals are large curvy. the anther filament are gold tips.
this flower has a flopped white petals and tightly grouped filaments in the middle.
this flower has conjoined, very soft slightly ruffled white petals.
this flower has one large, circular white petal that curves downward and a white stamen.

very long orange petals formed into a tight long cone with very long purple stamen protruding.
this flower has orange and red petals and is shaped like an elongated trumpet.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cup.
a flower that has tubed shaped petals that have multiple tones of orange
the flower, orange and yellow, is shaped like a horn, with its pistil and stamens nestled deep inside the cone of its joined petals.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and are bell shaped
long, orange-red petals and thin, darker stamen.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pedicel.
this flower has long tubular shaped orange petals rising out of dark purple sepals.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
this flower has a large round red petal and a pointy yellow stamen.
this is a flower with one large red petal and a long green pistil.
the stamen is yellow in color while the petal is red.
this flower is red, white, and yellow in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
this flower has silky red petals and a yellow tube like pistil
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
the flower has one large, glossy, red petal with a large white, and yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style

a multiple white pedaled flower with a yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color with green stems and have a yellow center.
this flower has white smooth semi pointed petalas that are small in size .
the flower has solid white petals on the top and sides but no bottom petals and yellow stamen.
flat white soft looking petals with yellow pollen tubes near petals that have not sprouted.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white and the pedicel is green
this white flower has three spade shaped petals and a fourth curled petal that contains a yellow pistil.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
a with flower with green lines running from the stigma.
the flower has white petals with a green pedicel and green sepel.
leaves are dark green in color,flowers are white and capsule shaped
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and a dark green pedicel.
the petals are white with green veins and the sepals are waxy and deep green.
a large white star shaped flower with dull green markings.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.

this flower has many light pink rounded petals folding out from the center of the flower covering the stamen and piston so you can't see them.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
a beautiful pink rose has green sepals and the corolla has 3-4 whorls of broad petals.
this flower has light pink petals that are bunched together in rows.
the flower has smooth pink petals with a green pedicel
this flower has a pattern of spiraling pale pink petals with smooth edges.
this flower has delicated, densely-layered, pink petals sitting atop several small, pale green sepals.
this flower has pink petals concentrated more closely in the center.
this flower is pink in color, with large wide pedals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very thin and ruffled.

the flower has orange petals with yellow anther and filament
the leaves re green in color and the petals are dull orange in color
a flower with orange petals and a orange stamen accompanied by orange pistils.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are curved down.
these large orange flowers have pointed petals and yellow centers.
this flower has a round yellow center surrounded by thick orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals oval shaped.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed and orange.
these flowers have dark orange pointed petals and yellow stamen

the flower is made of petals that fold around and is yellow and orange in color.
the pedals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
this flower is a tightly wrapped collection of multiple orange and red petals.
the flower shown has purple and yellow petals with green sepal
this flower is red and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower wrap around the bloom and are a sunset orange like color.
this flower has multicolored petals in shades of pink and orange that are wrapped tightly around each other.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are wrapped closely around the ovary.
this flower has layers of rounded, very smooth petals in orange and pink.
this flower has petals that are red and orange shading

the flower is orange colored and thin and sharp as well.
the tropical flower has pointed petals that are in various colors such as orange and purple.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has petals that are orange with hints of yellow
this flower has a small number of sharp pointed orange petals supported by a bent green pedicel.
this flower has a sharp, ribbed sepal and a sparse arrangement of long, sharp orange petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
a slender green pod which opens along the side to reveal bright orange and blue spikes.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a green and red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin

this flower has purple petals that overlap and have a stripe down the center.
this flower has purple petals, white anther and filament, and green sepal.
this flower features a prominent ovary covered in white stamen surrounded by layers of elongated white petals with a purple stripe up the middle.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker striped in the centers.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the stamen in disc like manner
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with multi colored petals.
a flower with long and narrow leaves that are white with a purple streak.
this flower has eight petals in a circle that are light pink with purple stripes down the center of each petal.
white anther located in the center of purple and white petals are this flowers main feature.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped in the centers.
the leaves are green in color the petals are yellow in color with maroon spots
the petals of the flower are yellow with pointed tips and red details.
lots of yellow petals with a red stripe down the center form a pinwheel pattern around a flat center.
the flower has yellow and red petals with yellow stamen
this flower has very yellow petals that have orange strips going down the middle with very short stamen in the center of the flower.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are pointed and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stripes
this flower has tapered yellow petals with vertical red center stripes.
a flower with long and narrow petal that is bright yellow.

these two flowers has white round shaped petals with a little yellow .
the petals of the flower are white in color with thin white filaments.
light white petals with a middle point on the ends of each one, dark green matte leaves.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this is a white flower with green in the center and white stamen and dark green leafs.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.
this flower has a white coloring and a smooth funnel-like shape.
this flower has very smooth rounded petals in a pure white hue.
a large white funnel shaped flower with a white stigma.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are round.
this flower has a large red petal and a dark red stamen and stigma
large, round, pleated, red petals circle the stigma on this vibrant blossom.
this flower has a protruding pollen tube surrounded by five large rounded red petals.
the flower has five petals that are red with a red stigma.
this flower has a tall red pistil surrounded by bright red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
a red flower with five petals surrounding a red stigma.
five bright red petals surround a red stamen.
this flower has bright red petals, and a pistil that is red as well.

this light purple flower has petals shaped like a bell that extend from the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this bell shaped pink flower has a wide mouth surrounded by the curled round edges of conjoined petals.
these flowers are purple in color and their petals form a tube shape around the pistil.
this flower has a wide pink trumpet shape with rounded curling petals at its mouth.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
a flower with long and curly petals that are pink with spots.
the petals on this flower are mostly pink, but white is the color of the stamen.
this flower has many small bell shaped petals that are purple in color.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower is bright yellow with a black ovary and yellow anthers.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
four vibrant orange-yellow petals that surround similarly colored stamen and a green pistil.
this flower has yellow petals with stringy stamen in the middle
this four petaled, yellow, fan shaped flower have bright yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has large rounded pedals that are bright yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with 4 pedals, and short stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals that are wide in shape along with yellow stamen.

this flower features a bright pink bract and blue rounded petals in a nest of long rounded leaves.
the purple petals of this flower go up from the center, and then curve back down.
the flower has a large red ovary and a bloom that is made of purple petals.
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are symmetrical
this flower has flat vertical stem design from which protrude several pale purple petals.
this flower has petals that are red and is folded together
this flower has rows of pointed and tightly jointed red petals with a purple flower with thick petals extending from the side.
a flower with long and narrow petals in a row that are pink.
the fruit of the flower is red in color and has leaves that are green in color.
this flower has a thick vertical pink chevron holding thin delicate purple petals.

this is a purple five petaled flower with green leafs.
this flower has purple petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffle.
a large petal purple flower with dark purple stamen and stigma.
the flower is violet with its petals starting as a tube in the sepal and gradually flaring out as separate petals that are forming a disc like shape
the flower has many pale purple petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and thin.
a very thin purple petal with a dark purple interior is the flowers main feature.
this flower has large petals that are light purple in color with slightly crinkled edges in a funnel-like shape.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a black center

this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and wavy.
this small flower has smooth rounded peats which are bright red and overlap slightly.
the flower shown has several red petals, and white anthers.
flowers are red in color,they have smaller stamne and pistil
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red color, and the stamen is the same color as well.
this cluster of flowers have bright red petals with dark green leaves.
this flower has small pink petals that overlap each other along with pink stamen.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
the pretty flower has purple with lots of little petals.
this is a purple flower with many petals and many stamens in a complex structure.
the flower has purple petals over the green sepals that stick out.
very thin staman stand slightly above the bright purple petals that are in folded shapes.
the petals are light purple and slightly ruffly and the stamens are light purple.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
a flower with short and rounded petals that are light purple.
this flower is fully lavender colored except for the sepal which is a vibrant green.

the flower has overlapping petals of dark pink and a green pedicle.
this flower has a green stem, green leaves, and soft folding pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up.
this flower has curled pink petals and a medium green pedicel.
this flower has bright pink petals that curl under at the tips.
this flower has bright pink pedals that are rolled over om the ends.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the flower has pink petals overlapping each other on a long stem
this flower has a large number of smooth pink petals with curved ends.
the petals of the flower are dark pink in color and are attached to a skinny green stem.

the petals of this blossom are purple and overlap each other, the pistil is quite small and yellow.
the flower has petals that are purple with green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are purple and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin and large.
this flower features a long pedicle surrounded by broad purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a satellite shape
these purple flowers are mostly hidden by their dark green leaves and stems, some bulbs are formed.
this flower has thick green leaves surrounding pale pink rounded petals.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant purple color, and have the shape of an arrow.

the pinkish color flower has long strings on it .
there are a cluster of lavender stamen, laying on top of the pointed petals of the flower.
this flower has multiple green sepals with slightly purple tips, and hundreds of thin purple petals that all point upwards towards the sky.
the flower has petals with green centers and light burgundy tips.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong sepals that are green with purple markings and a dome configuration of very thin and spiky purple petals.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower opens up into a pompom of lavender and white spikes with light green leaves surrounding.
with wide green leaves surrounding, the long lavender petals hide the stamen deep within the flower.

the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
the flower is made of purple colors which are on green stems and have green grasses attached.
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
the petals are soft and purple with no pistil or stamen visible in the center.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled in appearance.
this flower has five large, rounded petals in a shade of pale purple.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark imprints
the flower has several deep purple petals that are round and wavy on the edges.
this flower is a striking purple and a bit of a trumpet shape, with five petals that have a waviness to the edges.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this pink flower has many rows of pointed, teardrop shaped petals and orange stamen.
leaves are dark green in color,petals are overlaping and are light pink incolor
this flower has multiple layers of petals that start out light pink and get darker closer to the pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has sharp thin pink oval shaped petals with a dark pink and red center.
this flower has layers of spiked, thick pale pink petals.
the petals of the flower are a light pink color, with shades of orange at the tip of the petal.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a large amount of thin bright yellow petals that turn more orange on the upper layers.
this flower has multiple hairlike layers of very thin fringed yellow petals.
bright yellow thin petals blur into the stamens in the center making it difficult to tell the difference between stamen and petal.
the small yellow petals sit on top of a thin green pedicel on this flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a thick round fringe of long and th
there is a dense yellow stamen on this pale flower.
the beautiful yellow flower has blade like lengthy petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming a spherical shape

the flower shown has orange and green petals with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are orange and pointed with yellow center.
the warm toned petals on this flower are pointed, and cascade toward the center of the flower.
this flower has red, white and yellow petals with green tips at the end.
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has orange pointed petals and yellow clumped pistil.
this flower has a thick yellow center and large, thick, very pointed waxy red petals.
the petals are waxy and bright orange and the sepals are bright green and waxy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is made up of two rows of pointy orange petals than three rows of yellow petals.

this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
the petals of this flower are orange and green with a long stigma
this flower has spike like orange and purple petals and a green pedicel, sepal, and receptacle.
this flower has tall pointed yellow petals with a few pointed purple petals mixed in.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has pointed green leaves and pointed petals of purple and orange.
this flower has spear shaped yellow petals and sturdy looking purple stamen.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are pointy.

this flower has dark pink stamen surrounded by lighter pink petals which are delicate with rounded petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers has a lot of pinkish color petals that is hanging on a tree
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
these flowers have bright white overlapping petals with white filaments and red anthers.
this flower has small white petals and long white stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are small ovals.
this white flower has rounded petals and a red and green pedicel.
the petals are light pink and the stamens are white and pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very small

a flower with purple and white petals and yellow pistils.
this flower has blue and white petals with yellow anthers.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has petals that are purple with white and purple upper flower and yellow stamen.
the outer petals are purple in color and the inner petals are rounded shaped white in color with many yellow colored stamnens
the flower has yellow stamen and petals that are white and purple.
this flower has bright purple sepals and white petals with blue spots on their center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has five rounded purple-centered petals surrounded by five purple pointed petals.
a flower with white, blue, and purple coloration and a yellow stigma in the center.

this flower has petals that are white with long stamen
the flower has white stamens with larger yellow anthers and white petals
the flower shown has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled back at the edges.
the flower shown has white petals as its main feature.
this bright white flower opens like a cup to protect the small stamen.
this white flower with big fan shaped pedals have long white stamen sticking out of the middle.
this flower has large white petals with white stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
a flower with connected petals that are white.

a flower with white and purple stripes on the petals with orange anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has purple and white petals with a large pollen tube.
there are many white purlple colored petals that are round in shape with large yellow colored stamen with large anthers
this unique flower has white petals with purple veins running through it, and an orange stigma and style.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are striped.
this purple and white flower has rounded petals and yellow orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamenb
this flower consist of large fan shaped purple and white striped pedals and a large yellow stamen.
this flower has light purple petals, tinged with white, and orange stamen.
this flower has large petals with a combination of purple and white with a large yellow pistil.

this flower has deep yellow petals surrounding black stamen and pistil atop a green pedicel.
the flower has many yellow petals with black anther in the center
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the flower has many dark yellow narrow petals with brown pistil.
this flower has a large yellow petal and a bunch of black anthers
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has thin long yellow petals and black stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has black stamen
this flower has a round brown center and long round-tipped yellow petals.
this flower has several narrow flat petals around a flat round black pistil

the petals are white in color and the sepal is green in color
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower shown has point white petals which are its main feature
long white smooth narrow rounded petals with lightly pink petals below and a yellow pistil.
this is a white flower with thin long petals with a yellow stamens.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white and yellow pistils.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
these flowers have white petals which stick straight up around the yellow stigma.

this flower has petals that are purple and sharp looking
the flower has spiky green petals that are long and thin as well as sharp.
the flowers appears to be of a wild specie with the sepals being visible.
this flower has spiky petals and are green it also has a round pistil
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
a long layered pistil is surrounded by petals that are long and pointy and petals that have a green underside and are white on top.
the petals of this flower are sharp green and white and the pistil is tube like
this pale green weed has many jagged thin leaves with a large thick pistol in the middle.
this flower has spiky white and green petals, the center is green and looks spiky as well.
this flower has thin spiky green petals and a large green spiky ovule.

the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals are a bright pink color while the pedicel is a dark green.
this flower has layers of pink petals which curl slightly at their tips.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of bright pink petals and a dark red pedicel.
this flower has beautiful pink petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
a pink rose with many petals woven into a tight nest.

this flower has yellow petals and pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with golden tips and orange stamen.
the flower has heart shaped orange petals that are thick.
this flower has large yellow petals and yellow stamen in the middle
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has four orange petals and a flat pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright yellow petals petals with matching yellow stamen on a soft, pale-green pedicels.
the four yellow petals on this flower surround a group of yellow stamen that lay flat against the petals.

this flower has petals that are purple, blue and orange
the flower shown has purple and orange petals with green pedicel
the flower shown has orange and purple petals and a large sepal as its main feature.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower has purple outer petals and inner petals that are orange in color
the petals of the flower are extremely long and pointed, and consists of blue and orange colors.
this flower has petals that are orange and purple and are thin
this flower has a gray and pink colored sepal with sparse, bright orange petals.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower looks as though it is a bird in flight, pretty purple wings taking off from a vibrant hue of orange and pink, as almost welcoming the sky in its ascent.

this flower has a lot of long and slender yellow petals with extreme short stamen on the middle of the flower.
long yellow petals heavily layered with deep orange pistils sorrounded by a fringe of stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are long and curved.
this large blossom has many overlapping layers of long, thin yellow petals.
the flower has many yellow petals with black anther in the center of the flower
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has long yellow pedals and a brown center with yellow and brown stamen.
the pastel yellow petals is striking next to the dark brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
this flower has layers of light yellow petals and a bunch of brown stamen.

this flower contains an ovary with bright purple stamens surrounded by a crown of thick green and purple petals.
the flower has petals of a purple color and are very long and thin.
this flower is pink and red in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this large fluffy ball has lots of thin purple petals.
pointed maroon petals form a rounded platform for purple colored stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has a large amount of very thin purple petals that stand upright.
this flower has petals that are pink and is very stringy
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skiinny.
this flower has purple hairy like petals attached to a brown sepal.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has green stamen topped with tiny white blossoms and surrounded by pointed triangular petals which are veined and leaflike.
three triangle shaped, white flowers that surround 3 yellow flowers with green pistils.
this flower has bright white petals with green ovaries and white stigmas.
the petals on this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has 3 white pedals and 3 green and white stamen.
a flower with white petals that encircle long green stamen and white anthers filament.
this white flower with large triangular leaves has three green pistils with white stigmas.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stigma

these small flowers are bright red and have smooth petals with rounded edges.
the flower petals are overlapping ,rounded in shape and are orange in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted white in some spots.
this flower has large red petals and no visible outer stigmas
the flower shown has many smaller red petals with sepal
medium sized, pale red-orange petals, small darker anthers.
this plant has numerous flower heads grouped together, each with rounded pink petals.
this cluster of flowers features stacked red petals that open to reveal a small pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and bunched together
this flower has small, overlapping petals which are a pale and waxy red hue.

this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the flower has green petals with its purple filaments standing out.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
a flower with green petals and lavender pistils in the center.
what i enjoy about this flower is its light purple bird nest like stigma and its cactus looking petals.
a large green and tan cactus like plant with a purple large center.
this flower has petals that are green had has stringy stamen
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are purple.
this flower consists of mostly lavender colored stamen in the center.
this flower has layers of rounded green leaves surrounding a wide purple fringe.

the flower has large paper thin white petals with yellow anther filament
a frilly white petunia with a deep throat with several pale yellow stamen and stigma.
the delicate white petals hide the small yellow stamen inside.
here a large white flower with an indented yellow stigma appears to float as on water.
a large white petunia bloom sitting on lush green leaves.
this lower has large white pedals, yellow anther and green sepal.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has a large funnel-like white petal with slightly wavy edges.
a flower that has white petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stamen

the flower has long green petals that are thin and sharp.
the middle of the flower has a cactus like look, and the petals don't really look like petals
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
the ovary of the plant is thorny and green in color with a sepal that is green.
this flower has a long pointy green petal with a stigma that has spikes on it in the middle
this white and green flower has pointed petals and a green and white stigma.
these flowers have green and white shaggy petals with a cone shaped stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower is green and white in color, with pointed and sharp petals.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.

this dark purple flower has a star like shape with light green and white stamen.
purple perianth segments surround a three-pronged stigma, a visible ovary and many corona filaments.
this flower has petals that are purple with long stamen
this flower has a long dark purple petal and long purple stamen sticking out of the middle
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has purple petals and a frizzled fringe of hair like protrusions.
this flower has purple petals with stingy stamen and a big style
a flower with long and narrow petals that are dark purple.
the flower is purple on the outside white on the inside and seems to have stringy piecies on the outside

this is a large flower with white petals and purple stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
leaves are green in color,the petals are light purple with many stamens
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
a flower with light purple petals and with dark purple stamen and pistil.
this six petal flower is a pale shade of purple, with rounded and pointed tipped petals, and many thin dark purple stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright white colored.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has light purple petals shaped in a star and thin purple filament.

soft pale purple petals on top that are symmetric yet not at all the same shape. bottom most petal looks heaviest and is a deeper shade of purple.
this is a purple and pink flower with long petals
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and droopy.
the petals have a mostly light purple color while the one with the stigma has a dark purple color
a larger flower with light purple petals and a darker purple pistil area.
this white and pink flower has white sepals and a toothed petal.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
this flower has white petals with crinkled edges and a trumpet shaped petal at its center.

this flower has yellow pistil and small white petals as its main features
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are drooping.
the petals are white and thin while the stigma is pure yellow.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow stamen
this is a large flower with white petals and yellow stigma.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a yellow center and long thin white petals.
this flower has petals that are thin and oblong shaped and arranged in a ring.

this is a delicate but sturdy pink double flower with many toothed petals and it has dark green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and very ruffled
these pink flowers have toothed petals that are arranged in multiple layers.
the flower has pink petals that have tiny ridges in them.
this flower with light pink petals blossoms from a bulb.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
pink petals layer around in a circle overlapping and the edge of the petals looks like lace.
this pretty and delicate flower has a strong green stem and base and is a pretty pink color.
this flower has pink petals that are white at the edges, the petals seem to hide the short pistil in the center.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
there are some yellow color petals with red bottom,having many yellow stamens
this flower has petals that are orange with many orange stamen.
this flower has yellow pistil and yellow petals as its main features
leaves are green,petals are orange in color with orange anthers
this flower has an overlapping ring of rounded orange petals with a wrinkled texture.
the bright orange petals have dark brown stripes and the stamen are tiny and orange.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with wrinkled and wavy petals.

the flower shown has bright yellow petals as its main feature.
the flower shown has large smooth yellow petals with green pedicel
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has large yellow petals with yellow stamen and black anthers on it
this yellow flower has pointed petals, a yellow stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has large yellow petals and a large yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has bright yellow petals as well as yellow stamens.

this reddish looking flower has red petals with red stamen.
this flower has orange petals and green pedicels. it also has reddish orange stamen.
a bush of pink flower that is small and embedded in leaves
this bunch of pinkish red flowers contains about five flowers each with about five large petals and two or so long red stamens and large thick crinkly leaves
this flower has deep red-orange petals and a thing, similar colored pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has long stamen
the flower has red petals and red pistil and stamen.
the petals of this flower are red and it has a little green pedicel
a flower with are short and wide that are red.
this flower has small pale red petals which are smooth and rounded.

the petals on this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are green near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with small green stamen
this flower has bright white petals with green filaments and a lime yellow anther.
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this white flower has pointed petals and a green and pink stamen.
this flower has squared of corners with a white green and pink pistils.
this single white petal creates a circular shape that surrounds a small cluster of short stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.

the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled and bunched together
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has curvy red petals that twists and turns inside each other.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curled and bunched together.
this flower has tightly bunched together groups of blossoms that are red in color.
this flower has small, bright red petals with round edges and smooth surfaces.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has very bright red petals which protect it's red pollen tubes.

the flower has petals that are yellow and red with white stamen.
the flower shown has purple sepal with small white and yellow petals
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very tiny
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
the maroon colored petals wrap around the pedicel and go up, changing to yellow at their tips.
this flower has small red and yellow petals that are folded upwards
this flower has yellow layered petals on a brown pedicel.
this flower is tall and shaped more like a cone than a regular circular-shaped flower, with yellow and white petals and maroon sepals.
this flower has red petals that stack on top of each other with white petals scattered, the pistil seems to be covered by the petals.

this unique plant features dark purple petals and a central stamen mass.
this is a purple flower with large petals. it has red and white pollen and lime green leaves.
bluish purple pets with a black and white center
a light purple flower with cream and plum color stamens.
the petals of the flower are purple while the leaves are bright green.
this flower has large, long pale purple petals with slightly curled edges.
a flower with bright violet petals and white and red stamen with visible anthers.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are wilted.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has broad purple petals, white filaments and maroon and white anther filaments.

a few flowers with red petals and white pistils in the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has five flat, bright red petals that are rounded and are surrounded by bright green sepals.
this flower has petals that are red with short stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large horn shaped petal.
the pink flower has five connecting pedals that have an impression vein through each pedal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a white stamen
this flower has red petals, a green ovule and white anther filaments.
this flower has connected red petals are surrounding white stamen.

the flower shown has bright red petals as its main feature.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a tall, pointy, orange petaled flower with a short stalk.
flower with shiny long oblong petals with pedicel hidden in leaves and small discreet red pistil.
this flower has petals that are red with a bit of green towards the insides
this flower has distinctive, rough orange petals arranged in several rows.
this flower has green sepals with long and pointy red petals.
this is a red flower, with green leafs and red petals with a bit of orange in the center
this flower has petals that are red and has green patches
this flower has very thick and very pointed shiny, waxy red petals.

the petals on this flower are white with a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
a flower with a singular open petal and towering yellow stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
pedicel is green,one larger rounded petal that is white in color
this flower has large white petals and a long yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow styles
a flower with one white petal that is wrapped around the pollen tube.
this flower has funnel type of shape with a white petal and a thick yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.

a flower with a tower of bright vivid crimson petals stacked atop each other and green pedicel supporting them.
the flower has lot of weird looking red petals that looks like a small pine tree.
the flower has lots of smaller red and yellow petals
this feathery, flame-like flower head is a deep crimson red.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has vertical growths of shaggy red petals interspersed with pale green leaves.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.

this flower has petals that are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are uneven around the edges.
large pink petals surrounding a pink and yellow pistil seated in darker pink part of petals.
this flower has large pink petals, a long pink stamen, and yellow anthers
a flower with pink petals and a long pink stigma with red anther filaments.
this flower's petals are in a single layer which cup a long stamen with yellow anther filament.
this bright pink flower has rounded pedals and a pink stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has dark pink petals and one long filament.
this flower has thick pink petals and a long pink style.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yelloow stigma

this flower has large pink petals with white in the center, and has no visible outer stigma
the flower has a set of pink colored petals with it's outer edge in red color.
the flower has petals that are white with red edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green leaves.
a group of pink and white flowers with a large center.
these flowers have soft pink and white petals on a vine of green leaves.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has white petals with pink tips and edges, a light green ovule and green leaves.

this flower has petals that are pink and closed together
this flower has a small pink petal and no visible stigma in the center
this flower has several pink petals which are upturned and have very smooth edges.
the flower has very smooth bright pink petals with a pink pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small pink petals and a pink pedicel.
long pink stem with hot pink petals
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
a pink folded over slower with light pink pedicel and dark pink centers.

this flower has petals that are red with white edges and yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the flower shown has yellow pistil with a flat purple petal
this flower has burgundy leaves with white edges and many yellow stamen.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are white on the tips.
the petals are deep red with white edges and the stamens are bright yellow.
this flower has red petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has large petals that are red and turn white towards the tips.
this flower has a bright yellow center and wide, rounded red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

a cluster of flowers with red petals and white anther filaments and pistils.
broad red petals, stringy sepals that are similar in appearance to grass with alternating green and purple coloring.
this flower has several small red blossoms which have ruffled feathers and slightly serrated edges.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
the flower has many red petals with green pedicel as well
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has pink stamen
this flower has small rounded red petals with very serrated, shaggy tips.
a large group of red flowers and a pink stigma.
this vivid red flower with a lighter colored center with pink stamen has green needle-shaped leaves.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has cream colored, and violet petals that jut out from the side and bend upwards.
the petals of this flower are white and pink with a long stigma
white petals with purple tips.
this flower has petals that are white with patch of purple
long oval petals in a single layer that are slightly curly with magenta highlights and no visible stamen or pistil.
the flower has two oddly shaped white petals that have light purple at their tips.
a flower with white petals and have a hint of purple on them.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink on the bottom.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center

this is a colorful flower with dark pink petals and a yellow center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are heart shaped.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner in single layer
a flower with large pink petals which have yellow central spots and a cluster of yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow center
this flower has bright pink and bright yellow petals with a yellow pistil.
this flower has pink and yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
the petals on this flower are pink and the pistil is yellow
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and a red and green pedicel.

this flower is in red and yellow color, with petals that are oddly shaped and wavy.
this flower has long slender orange and yellow twisted petals and very long stamen.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and and ruffled along the edges.
this unusual medium flower has waxy pointed petals in red and orange.
the flower petals are smaler in size and needle shaped and pink in color
this flower has upward-facing long thin red petals with ruffled yellow edges.
this flower has skinny red petals that have yellow edges
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red with yellow edging.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has long, thin petals that are crinkled at the ends and pink and yellow in color.

a long wavy white petals with deep stamen and polen tube
a flower with white petals and yellowish anther filaments in the middle.
the flower shown has white petals along with green sepal
a white and green petal flower with white stamen
white flower with green veining and a scalloped, lacy edging.
this flower has a large funnel-like petal with uneven edges and a white coloring.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
this white flower's petals has jagged edges, with vein-like vomit-yellow structures leading towards the center.
this flower has a wide and ruffled trumpet shape and is white with green veins.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

this pink flower has long narrow petals with a long narrow pollen tube.
this flower has long pink stamen surrounded by long, very thin curled pink petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curled.
this flower has narrow pale pink petals and pink filaments.
this large white flower has long curly stamen and curved petals.
the petals of the flower are long, thin and curved, and consists of various shades of pink and white throughout.
this flower has long abstract whitish pink petals and a reddish brown pedicel
this flower is pink in color, and has stamen that are very long.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

the leaves are flat and white on one flower and blue on another though both have a clump of very thin stamen in the center.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flowers have white smaller stamen with diffrent whole colored peals
the two flowers have petals that are white and purple respectfully while the insides have white filaments.
this flower has purple petals, a green sepal and pedicel, purple anthers and filaments.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
a flat flower with large white petals in two layers and a yellow ovule at it's center with many light red stamen sprouting from it.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
one flower is white with a smooth texture and the other flower is purple with a wavy texture.
a flower with eight white petals overlapping in one row and a similar flower that is purple has six petals.

the petals of the flower are pink while the anthers are also pink.
a pink flower with long pink pollen stems with leaves under the bottom
this large pink flower has five curved soft petals and some stamen
the pinkish petal had several similar colored anther protruding outward.
these pale pink flower petals have hot pink stamen inside of them.
this flower has five red and slightly ruffled petals with rounded edges.
this flower has deep red petals and stamen and green leaves.
this flower has pink tear drop shaped petals with pink stamen in the middle.
this rough petal flower is pink all over,petals, stamen, and filament as well as anther.
this flower has several large pale red petals circular in shape, about the same number of pistils also pale red, and several large, elongated dark green sepals.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of overlapping smooth white petals with pink centers.
the flower has large oval petals that are white and a small green sepal.
this flower has large white petals and no visible outer stigma
the flower has virtually white petals which towards the base has a red color
this flower is a creamy white with a blush of rose near the bottom.
this flower has all white petals that gradient to a feint purple in the center with green sepal.
the flower on the branch has large, oval shaped white leaves that change to a pink at their base.
this flower has white petals that are all folded together
the flower has many large oval petals that are white.

this flower has purple petals and green pistil as its main features
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a large number of pointed white petals surround a group of green stamen and a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
the flower has light purple petals and green pistils and stamens.
this flower has layers of pale purple petals which are wide with tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower has broad overlapping light blue petals and a tall green stamen.
this large flower has purple petals and many green stamen.
this flower has large purple petals and a dark green pistil.

the flower shown has pink and white petals with sharp edges and yellow stamen
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by several layers of pointed pink petals.
this flower has a lot of pink petals, and a center that has a lot of yellow stamen in it
this petals on this flower are pink with numerous yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a pink flower that is spiky in appearance and has a large golden center.
this flower has yellow stamen inside layers of upturned pale pink petals.
four stacked/concentric rings of light pink petals, pointed at the outer edge, each slightly smaller and pointed more upward than the lower ring, surround a bright yellow interior with multiple stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of pink petals with slightly pointed tips that build upon each other.

this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flower shown has smooth yellow petals shaped as a star
this flower has layers of vertical yellow petals which appear sharp and leaflike.
this flower has petals that are yellow with long stamen
this flower has pointed yellow petals that turn green and leafy.
this flower has multiple layers of yellow and green petals with every other part of the flower being gold.
this yellow flower's deep green leaves are layered, and shaped exactly like it's sharp petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has yellow and pointy petals that have many layers

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large blue petals with a white center in the middle
this trumpet shaped flower has five purplish-blue petals with a maroon line up the center of each.
a group of two flowers with indigo petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has a few large dark blue petals that are white at their base and give the flower a circular appearance.
this flower has blue petals that have purple lines on them
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
a flower with a one connected petal that curls outward.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white and blue in color, with multi colored petals.

the petals of the flower are ivory in color and the filaments are purple in color.
white pointed petals in multilayer rows, around a broad stamen pistil area with long purple pistils and shorter red stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
flower with many long white petals and long purple stamen
the flower has petals that are overlapping and tan and purple filaments.
a cream colored star shaped flower with purple long pedals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
the stamens of the flower are of a hair like texture, and are a bold purple color.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has a lower row of pointed white petals and an upper row of long thin purple petals.

this is a flower with pink downward facing petals and a red center
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the flower has pink petals that are soft smooth and arranged around the stamen and also the petals are facing the ground
the flower shown has drooping pink petals with a green pedicel
there are large bright pink, drooping petals with a large brown center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a single layer of purple petals in a ray configuration.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a downward facing ring of pink petals surrounds a orange stamen in this flower.

purple petals shaped like wide leaves and a dark center filled with short stamens that are white
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
the flower petals are rounded in shapew and are purple incolor
the flower has petals that are purple with dark purple center.
papery purple petals surround a tubular throat that is dark blue or black.
this flower has petals that are purple andpurple and has black shading
the petals of the flower are dark purple and have a circular opening in the center.
this trumpet shaped flower is entirely vibrant purple with some noticeable veining and wavy edged petals.
this flower has large purple petals with a dark purple center and small white stamens.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.

flower with long light and dark purple petals pointed upwards
a purple flower with petals spirally arranged, small green calyx, and a long pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
a row of purple feathers which lie on one another in a circular fashion project out of a dark green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals and green pedicel as its main features
a flower with it's floppy purple petals shaped like a butterfly.
the petals of this flower are long and purple and the pedicel is skinny and green
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this pale purple flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and is folded upwards

the petals of this flower are yellow with many black and short stigmas
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by long yellow petals.
this flower has long pointed yellow petals and a bunch of black anthers in the center
the flower has a bunch of small yellow petals with black anther
this flower has long shaped yellow petals with a brown ball in the middle
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a black center
this flower has many yellow petals arranged in a circle around its black center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has long thin yellow petals with a round black center.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has long orange petals with yellow spots on them, and a yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
the flower has six long orange petals which have red dots on them.
the flower shown has six orange and red blotchy petals as its main feature.
6 bright orange petals that look like a tiger stripes.
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
this flower has orange petals and a very long green pedicel
this flower has dark orange petals with red spots on them, yellow anthers and filaments and bright green leaves.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower is light pink in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has lots of long light pink petals around a green and pink stigma.
petals are oval in shape,they are light pink in color
this flower has layered soft pink petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this pink flower has dense many layered pointy petals with pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skin and layered.
this flower has pink petals and has orange and yellow stamen
this flower has long thin multiple layered petals and the stamen are the same pink color.

the purple petals are of a lilac color blending into a center of deep purple while the stamen and style vary in shades of purple.
the plant has outer petals that are green purple in color with outer petals that are spiky and needle shpaed
this flower has large green stamen and pistil surrounded by a purple fringe and white petals with rounded tips.
the flower is purple with a green stem and green leaves.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, with oval shaped petals.
this unique purple flower has a layer of flat pedals and a layer of thin squiggly pedals.
purple petals in a star pattern with a layer of squiggly hair looking purple stamen surrounding a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower has pink petals that have long and stringy stamen
a purple flower with the pink filament and stamen and the pedicel and leaves are green

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
the large flower has many oval shaped petals surrounding and bell shaped petal with large stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has yellow petals, and several yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a trumpet shaped center petal.
trumpet shaped centered by rows of bright yellow petals with matching stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bell shaped
the petals are bright yellow and some are pointed while other form a vase shape around small yellow stamens.

this flower has petals that are purple with purple stigma
the flower shown has green pedicel with dark blue petals and anther
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
these flowers have purple and lavender petals with black stamen and green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
the flower has soft blue petals and black stamen and pistil.
this flower has a thin green pedicel leading up to wavy blue petals with dark stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are covered in water.
this flower has purple petals with dark purple veins and dark purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has purple stamen

the pedicel on this flower is green with purple petals
this flower has several layers of long, thin purple petals which curve upwards.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
flower with small thin purple petals and long stamen stinking out.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has protruding purple petals which are rolled like tubes.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower has bright purple curly petals and long white stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with large green and yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are connected near the ovary, but become more sparse near the edges of the light purple edges.
this flower has a bottom layer of light purple petals with a second layer of very thin purple petals.
stringy, dark purple stamen surrounded by large, leafy violet petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a brilliant star shaped flower, with dark purple spikes above light purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stringy stamen
the thin purple petals have white stripes and the anther are yellow.
this flower has white oblong petals underneath a layer of bright purple filaments.

the flower has pointed layered petals that are lavender in color with pointed tips that are brown.
this flower has wide, spoon shaped purple petals.
overlapping purple petals, brown and pointed on their ends, form a short tower (continued from their waxy green sepals) and hide whatever is in their center from view.
this is a purple large petal flower that lives in water with lily style leaves.
this flower has very large ovaries that are light purple and a bit of brown at the tips.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has vertical layers of upturned pale pink petals.
this flower has layered lavender petals with green leaves underneath it.
this flower has petals that are pink and have several layers
this flower has multiple layers of oblong purple petals with green tips inside layers of bright green sepals.

this flower has petals that are purple with white and pink center
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are light in the center.
this flower has petals that are either blue or purple and a white center.
this bright blue flower is trumpet shaped with ruffled petals which are conjoined and bell slightly outwards.
flowers are blue and purple in color,they are both capsule sgaped
flower at the end of a vine-like plant, with purple and deep blue petals, white pistil, green pedicel.
these flowers have blue and purple petals with small stamen in the center of it.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
this flower has a wide rounded trumpet shape with blue and purple coloring.

this flower has white petals and yellow pistil as its main features
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
sepals are green,petals are roubded in shapea nd are white in color
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by upturned white petals.
the petals of the flower are white and the pistil is golden yellow

this flower features broad orange yellow petals arranged in a cup shape.
this flower has yellow petals and no visible outer stigma
a flower with yellowish orange petals and yellow pistils showing.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are thing.
this is a bright orange flower with papery petals that make little cups because the petals lift upwards.
this flower has a very small white sepal with four slightly upturned bright yellow petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
the small, yellow petals are turned upwards away from a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of orange

the flower has a bowl shaped petal that is white and a large pollen tube.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected.
this trumpet shaped flower has a large white pollen tube surrounded by conjoined white petals which curl slightly outwards.
a flower with light blue petals and light blue pistils in the center.
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
this flower has white, connected petals that curve inward toward the center, where long white anther protrude.
this flower has petals that are white and has a satellite shape
this trumpet shaped flower is white with white stamen sticking out from the center.
this flower has one connected white petal that surrounds the white stamen.
this flower has tall thin white stamen and a large white petal with a smooth texture.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and white with yellow stamen
the petals are bright pink and the middle petals are pure white with yellow veins, while the stamen is bright yellow.
this flower has reddish sepals and a smaller white flower and numerous yellow stamen in the center.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
the outer layer of petals are dark pink while the inner layer is light pink.
this flower has five tapered pink petals surrounding five rounded white petals.
one ring of petals is a bright pink, an inner ring of petals is a yellowish-white and the pistil is yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has long bright pink petals under a row of curved white petals.

this is a small flower with orange petals, and white styles.
the flower has orange petals with white anther and purple pollen tubes
this flower has bright orange petals with red veins running throughout, with a cluster of white stamen.
this flower has numerous orange blossoms which are arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has a large orange petal with a white color anther on it
this flower has bright orange rounded petals and very short white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
an orange flower with speckled orange petals and bright white anther filament.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has small orange petals and a white pistil.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower has pink petals with a pink spotted stigma and green sepel.
here is a purple bell shaped flowers with green stems.
purple tube flowers with black and white dots inside.
this flower has bright purple flowers shaped like a bell, with dark purple spots on the inside.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape with pink tones and a rounded mouth.
this flower has petals that are purple and has black dots
this flower grows up on a vine and has many bell shaped magenta flowers with a spotted inside.
a purple bell shaped flower with a black and white dots.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside and bell shaped.

this flower has pointed layers of upturned white petals with pointed tips.
the flower has a set of pointed petals that are colored in a very light yellow shade.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with many layers a
this flower has many white petals which emanate from its pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has thin white petals with pointed tips arranged in multiple layers.
this flower has pointed white petals that have yellow stamen
these flowers have white petals sitting g on beds of large green pods.
this white flower has pointed petals, bright yellow stamen and a brown pedicel.

the flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen.
this dark pink flower has five petals and a flower head containing a bunch of stamens and one pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow pistil and bright purple petals as its main features
this flower has wide heart-shaped fuchsia petals and a center of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
this flower has dark purple petals with orange-yellow stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and slightly ruffled.

this orange and yellow spotted flower has yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are spotted.
there are three bright yellow large and lengthy stamen, and the flower's petals are sparse.
the petals on this flower are orange with red dots.
this flower has long pointed orange dotted petals with a long yellow skinny stamen .
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this red, orange and yellow flower has spotted pointed pedals and a green pedicel.
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
this flower has thick orange petals with red spots and yellow stamen.

this flower has white petals and pink pistil as its main features
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and has curly edges and also encloses bunch of stamen
this flower has big white petals and long purple stamen with dark purple anthers on it
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of green
flower has petals that are overlapping, pale pink and yellow, with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has large and wide soft white petals with pink edges.
this flower has five petals that are light pink and arranged in a star-like configuration.
this flower has it's petals arranged in a star shape with long pink stamen at it's center.

petals are dark pink in color,stamens are many and are white in color
the petals on this flower are purple and are going outward
this flower has long purple petals with short white stamen on the center
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower has yellow and white stamen and large oval shape purple petals.
this flower has a purple petal, yellow stamen and brown pedicel.
this flower has six large dark plum colored petals and long yellow white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thin short white stamen and tapered dark purple petals.

the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
5 white petals that turn yellow at the center of the flower and rotate like a pinwheel.
this flower has five small white petals with yellow centers.
5 delicate white petals that fold and turn to gold at the base.
large red petals with a long pistol resembling an ornate vase. this pistol is surrounded by several yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has smoothly textured white petals with yellow markings on them.

the flower has oval shaped petals that are pink in color on the outer surface and white on the inner
this flower has several concentric layers of petals that are pink on the outside and white on the inside, and the petals are clustered together at the center and more spread out in the outer layers
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are cirled inward.
the flower has pink and white petals in a cluster that gradually unfolds.
the petals of the flower are pink and have green leaves.
this flower has pink pedals arranged in circular shape with a touch of white.
a large pedaled flower with a bright purple and white coloration.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals that are folded together upwards

a purple flower with trumpet shaped leaves with white spots on them.
this flower has purple and white petals, green sepal and green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals and a dark purple pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple wiht pink dots
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has six petals with a elbow shape curving them together to form a flowery bell shape with dragon skin colors.
a flower with hard petals that are a dark purple with light purple spots.
this is a purple spotted flower with downward pointing petals.
the flower has six purple petals with pink spots all over.

the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy and bunched.
flowers are alternately arranged ,flowers are ed in color
this flower has petals that are orange with small stamen
this flower's petals are orange-red, and it grows in bunches on a single stem.
a flower with a large petal that curls outwards and is bright orange.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light orange.
this flower has large red petals which are smooth-textured and ruffled at the edge.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy on the edges.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the flower shown has small yellow petals with yellow pistil
a small yellow flower filled with tiny yellow petals and a brown pedicel.
the flower is yellow and spherical in shape and has petals that are soft and smooth
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this is a yellow flower that has many narrow petals in rows forming a pom pom shape.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched closelytogether.
this flower has an almost circular shape which is enhanced by pale yellow petals.
this flower has long and thin bright yellow petals placed close together in a tight arrangement.

this delicate yellow and white flower has a dainty curl to the petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are smooth white and yellow in color with green pedicel
the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow details.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has five very smooth white petals, rounded, with yellow centers.
this flower has a spiraling five pointed arrangement of smooth white and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
the beautiful flower has white petals that are gradually getting yellow towards the center and they are so soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner overlapping with other petals

this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
the flower shown has small red petals as its main feature
this is a flower that has red ruffled petals that are different lengths.
the flower has four dark orange petals converging loosely around a center.
this flower has petals that are red and has ruffled edges
this flower has smooth oblong bright red petals in a slightly wavy configuration.
this flower has only a few petals that are all bright red in color.
the petals are bright red with ruffled edges and the sepals are brown.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are ruffled.

the bright petals are feathered and curve toward the center.
this flower has many small petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
this flower has hundreds of long thing yellow petals that curve inwards towards the style.
this flower has many little yellow petals surrounding the yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has layers of very thin, hair-like yellow petals and hairs.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple layers of long yellow petals.
the many long, thin, yellow petals of this flower are extended/flat around the outside and curled and more dense on the inside.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
the pedals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has bunches of small flowers with red petals.
the flower shown has orange-red petals as its main feature.
this is a small red flower with short, round-edged petals.
these flowers have red clustered petals arranged in a bushy form.
the flower has coral colored petals surrounding black anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has a satellite shape
a flower with short and wide petals that are red.
bright red/pink flower with many petals

this flower has a large number of red petals close together surrounding a group of tall yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has round, dark magenta petals and a big collection of yellow stamens
this dark pink flower has several layers of petals, it also has yellow stamen protruding from the center.
a medium flower with large magenta petals and bright yellow stamen.
hot pink petals with bright yellow anthers in the center and many petals that all touch.
very bright yellow filament and anther rest in the middle of a bright purple petal.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and very bright pink petals with rounded tips.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
the flower is white and the stamen and pistil as well.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a large flower with white petals and white stigma.
this flower has large white petals and off white stamen.
a white flower with many petals and the stamen also white and the leaves are green
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this is a white star-shaped flower with white stamens.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are very thin.

this flower has petals that are red with green trim
this flower has leafy red petals as its main feature.
the petals are large and mostly salmon-colored with creamy white edges.
this flower is red and tan in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has a prominent green pistil surrounded by pointed pink petals with green edges which are veined and leaflike in appearance.
this flower has pink and tan petals with green stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
the flower has several large petals that are pink and white.
this flower has a green pistil along with big pink and white petals that are varying in size.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a small stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this is a flower with yellowish orange petals accompanied by yellow pistils slightly showing.
sepals are rounded and white in color,petals are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are laege.
the petals are orange-gold and are facing upward and the sepals are small and green.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this bell shaped flower appears to have four petals which are yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded.

this flower has large orange with red spotted petals that have their own stems.
the flower has long oval rounded petals that are red with a hint of yellow.
these flowers possess dotted orange and red patters and green stems.
red white and orange pedals bigger pedals with gaps.
the six petals are a distinctive mottled dark pink and orange with light green stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower has large orange petals with spots of bright red.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange with pink spots.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange and they have red spots

the flower has disc of petals that are below the disc of stamens that are blue
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are bright purple, white, dark purple, and yellow and the stamen is yellow.
this flower has petals that are green with purple and stringy stamen
this flower has white petals with an inner row of very thin purple petals.
this flower has rounded thick green petals and quills of white and purple.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are purple and white and the pistil is dark purple
this flower has white oblong petals and flat purple filaments.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen

the flower has petals that are white with jagged edges and yellow filament in the shape of a sphere.
this flower has multiple yellow stamen and large white petals with a wrinkled texture.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are very ruffled.
the petals of the flower are white in color and are curled along the edges.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has ruffled white petals and a circular yellow center.
this flower is made up of larger white petals surrounding the yellow stamen.

the beautiful star shaped flower has the most attractive coloring with petals of brightest pink and the leaves a very unique green.
the flower has several sets of pointed red petals that appear waxy and somewhat thick and get shorter as they near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with pointy ends
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has large pointed red petals and no visible stigma
this flower has vertical layers of thick and spiky petals in a bright fuchsia color.
this flower has petals that are red and are pointy at the end
this flower has very long bright red leaves with white tips.
this bloom is magenta in color with several layers of spiked petals extending outward.
this flower has alternating layers of bright pink petals with pointed tips.

the flower has white stringy petals with yellow and purple pollen tubes
this flower has protuberant stamen surrounded by long, very thin purple petals.
the flower has petals that are white with purple lines and red style.
the flower has white petals with yellow and red anthers in the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this white, blue and purple flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has tall purple pistils and yellow stamen rising above a flat layer of filaments and white petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly wild purple, with green and red stamen.
a cream colored star shaped flower with a large gold and maroon stigma.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are pink on the outside layer and white on the inside layer
this flower has petals that are white with red centers and shaped like a star.
this flower has a layer of white petals with a dark purple center and a lower layer of pink petals.
this flower has pink petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has soft white and pink petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink and white petals with tiny yellow stamen.
this flower has five large pink petals on the outside and five smaller pink petals on the inside.
this flower has a row of elongated pink petals under a row of white clam shaped petals.

this red and purple flower has flat pointed stamen and rounded petals.
the flowers middle is pink, crisscrossed petals and on the side is lavender colored petals.
the flower has purple blooms attached to a red appendenge and green leaves on the plant.
this flower has petals that are red with patches of purple
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower has layers of iridescent purple petals and light green pedicels.
af lower with long and narrow petals that are in rows and are pink.
the red petals lay flat and cover the pollen tube on this flower.

a small and closed up yellow flower, the petals are yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled over the center.
the petals are bright yellow and curled in on each other, and the stem is thick and green.
this flower has round, yellow petals which overlap in multiple layers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this lemon yellow, oblong blossom has a peculiar, closed look about it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that have a round shape.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a long green stem.
this flower has rounded yellow petals that are folded over each other.

the petals of this flower are white and purple with a long stigma
petals are smaller and are white nd purple spoted in clor
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower has white petals with purple spots, and a white pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has white petals mottled with purple dots and large long stamen.
this flower has a sparse configuration of six white petals with purple spots and tall stamen and pistils.
this white and purple flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has white petals with purple spots and the style is green.

this is a red flower with round petals and a black center.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has very small red petals with dark red pistil
the petals of the flowers are red in color and are arranged in bunches along the stem.
small, light red oval petals form a circle at the top of the stem.
a large bunch of deep red flowers with a dull green stem.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has small blossoms of red petals which have smooth, rounded edges.
a flower with short and rounded petal that is red.

this flower has star shaped white petals as its main feature.
this flower has prominent green and purple stamen and pollen tube surrounded by two layers of thin purple and wide white petals.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are white with long purple stigma
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a large pinwheel shaped and gray flower with a large colorful center.
a flower with white petals and purple stamen.
this flower is white, purple, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
the flower has white long thin petals and purple anthers.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the flower has smooth white petals with yellow stamen and a green pollen tube
this flower has large white petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
the flower shown has thick white petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has a slightly cupped ring of smooth white petals surrounding a circle of short stamen pistil.
the petals of the flower are white in color and has a center that is the yellow in color.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled on the edges.
this flower has pure white petals with a bright colored yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has a cluster of blooms, and the open ones have yellow and orange petals.
this flower has thick purple sepals from which protrude several orange blossoms.
the flower is very big and has vivid yellow and red color, and it has separate petals that are curly
the tropical flower is made of brightly colored parts that are orange, pink, and red.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color purple .
this flower has petals which are a mixture of light blue, bright purple, bright red, orange, and yellow.
this flower has pointed pink petals and vivid orange blossoms.
this flower has sunset orange petals that bloom from a light purple sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin

this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow and dark dots
a orange and red speckled petal with a shiny light green leaves
this unquie flower has dots on the pink petals with green bulbs on them.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots and orange stigma.
a flower with red and pink pedals and a yellow center.
a flower with light orange petals with brighter pink spots, yellow anther and orange filaments.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
the petals of the flower are yellow and red in color with a speckled appearance.
this flower has six yellow petals with bright pink spots and edges.

a prominent pistil with a larger stgma,yellow stamn
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
this flower has white and pink petals and yellow stigma and stamen.
the petals on this flower are pink with a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are cream tipped in pink with large yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has light pink petals that have dark pink on the tips
this flower has a wide yellow pistil and thin yellow stamen and white petals.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
the petals of this flower are red and pink with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are pink with small red spots and yellow stigma.
the petals are light pink with hot pink polka dots, and the stigma is bright yellow.
this flower has thick, rounded orange petals with bright red spots.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has red petals with dark red spots all over the petals, yellow orange stamen and light pink anther filaments.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of oblong light pink petals with red spots on them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots

this flower has spiny blue petals as its main feature.
this flower has dark blue petals which are pointy as its main feature
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has small pointy thin purple petals all around.
the flower has petals that are white and spiky with green pedicel..
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
a flower with long and curly pistils that are blue.
this flower has purple spiked petals with sharp edges attached to a thick green pedicel.
this flower has sharp light purple petals and a white pedicel

the flower has four petals, one petal is purple and the others have yellow and red stripes.
the flower has diffrent multicolred petal tha are rounded in shape with large hanging stigma
this flower is pink white and green in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower petals are a light bluish purple with white stamin and yellow stigma.
the pale pink flower has fan-shaped petals with darker pink stripes.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has wide and smooth white and pink petals with rounded edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple and yellow lines
this flower has multicolored petals that are pink, yellow, and white.

the flower has petals that are pink on the bottom and white on top.
this flower has petals that are pink with whit eedges
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petal shape of this pink and white flower gives it the look of a squid
this flower has white and pink petals with purple pedicel as its main features
this flower has deep pink stems with lighter pink sepals leading up to a trumpet shaped petal.
this white and pink colored flower has rounded petals and white and yellow stamen.
this flower has white and pink petals and a very long green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has long blue petal and no visible outer stigma in it
this flower has petals that are dark blue at top with purple exterior.
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
this flower is blue and purple in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
a flower with a singular ocnical blue petal, green sepals, and brown pedicel
this flower has trumpet shaped petals that are bright blue.
this flower has blue petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has large blue petals with a brown pedicel.
this flower is blue and purple in color, and has a single large horn shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green lines

this flower has one large pink petal that wraps around a long slender brown stigma.
a single lavender petal forms a reflecter around a long cone of pistils and stamen.
single bright pink pointed petal with a spotted dark mauve pistil.
the single leaf of the plant is red in color and has a textured ovary that is brown in color.
this flower has a single pink petal extending vertically and almost paralell to the pistil.
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple pistil.
a long thin corn cobb stamen with one large unfolding pink petal.
this flower has a pink smooth petal with dark brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a straight pedicel and pistil layered with a single large pink petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big style

the petals are weight and stamen and pistil are not seen.
white, ruffled petals with green veining form a trumpet shape in this delicate flower.
this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals with ruffled edges which form a slight star shaped outline.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals are white with ruffled edges and green veins and the sepals are green.
these few white petals have very uneven edges but are long in size with a small line of yellow color running up their center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
a white flower with white ruffled petals forming a cone with light green stamen.
this flower has a large white petal with jagged edges.

the petals of this flower are white and pink with a short stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with white patches
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has pink and white petals with long white filament and dark anther.
flower with long pedicel, white and pink petals, elongated filament and visible anthers.
this flower has a light green ovary surrounded by a funnel-like arrangement of white petals with red stripes.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
variegated pink and white petals that form a trumpet pattern with long thin stamen filaments and golden anthers.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green near the center.

this flower has a white wrapping floral bract as its main feature.
the pedicel is green in color,petal is large and rounded in shape
this flower is white and green in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has long thick big petals that appear to be connected as one big white petal that wraps around the flower.
this flower has cream colored petals shaped like a cone and light green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has a thick and very smooth yellow petal which is upturned slightly.
this flower has a green pedicel with a large white petal.
this particular flower has petals that are white and curved

the petals of the flower are bright white while the anthers and filaments are yellow.
this flower has layers of white petals and exposed pale yellow stamen.
the overlapping white pedals surrounding the yellow anther filament to the stigma.
the stamens and the anther filaments are light yellow while the large white petals surround them.
in this white beauty there are so many yellow small stamen, with what appears to be a little black anther at the end of them.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and layers of rounded white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded and layered.
the petals on this flower are mostly white with short yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are a bright white color, and the stamens of the flower have various shades of yellow, brown and orange throughout.

this flower has petals that are pink and pointed at the end
the flower's petals are a deep reddish purple color with white accents with white becoming a more dominant color the further the petals are from the center of the flower.
the flower floats on water and has petals that are bright pink.
tall pedaled flower that has purple pedals that form a v shape.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light pink petals lying flat on the outside and more petals growing upward that are dark pink.
a dark purple with flower that is on green leaves.
this bright flower has hot pink petals that shoot straight up.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pointy tips
this flower has many layers of elongated petals that are pink on the outside and white and pink on the inside.

this orange flower has several ruffled, fan shaped petals and small orange stamen.
the flower shown has orange pedals as its main distinguishing feature.
the petals of this flower are orange with short stigmas
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curled and wrinkled.
the flower has an orange petal with purple anther and an orange filament
this flower has five wide and very rounded petals in a shade of dark red.
this orange flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has five vibrant dark orange petals with yellow filament.

very flat white flower with bright yellow center.
the flower has wide flat white petals and a yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are white with yellow centers and white filaments.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
white overlapping petals with yellow toward the stamen and the stamen are white.
this flower is a broad flat white petal with yellow center with greyish green leaves.
the flower has white stamen and white round soft petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.
these flowers have white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has small white and peach colored petals with yellow pistil
the flower has petals that are peach fading to yellow.
this flower has the many rows of petals arranged in a circular order and has the prominent yellow anthers at the middle
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower has many petals which are white, yellow and orange.
this particular flower has petals that are short and long and light orange
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow center
a flower with long and narrow petals that are coral on the edges and yellow in the center.

the flower is bright with its petals overlapping each other.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple with a patch of yellow and black lines
this flower has large purple petals and a center that is yellow in the middle
this flower has petals that purple with yellow and white center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
the petals on this flower are a distinct winged shape, they are mostly purple, becoming more white and yellow the closer into the stile they get.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow patches
a flower with four purple petals with a light purple and yellow center that have purple lines running through.
this flower is made up of two purple petals with two purple and blue petals and a purple blue and yellow petal.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white trim
the flower has white and yellow petals and no visible pistil.
this flower has five evenly spaced oblong petals colored yellow and white.
white star shaped petals fading from yellow on the inside to white on the outside.
this flower has five overlapping petals that are white and turn yellow around the halfway mark towards the center.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a tropical five petal flower with a white outer transitioning into yellow inner petal with no visible stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the flowers is a rounded shape with pink petals and a fuzzy pink stigma.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has five large and smooth pink petals which have vein like vertical striations.
the flower has a purple stamen with a large purple petal as well
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are round.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
this flower has trapizoidal petals, pink stamen, and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a pink stigma.
this flower has a thick pink pistil and large pink petals arranged in a wheel-formation.

