a yellow and white freight train sitting idle on the track
A man with a large top hat pouring a kettle
An apple laptop on top of the bed.
The old man blows the candle while the woman is holding the cake.
The military men are playing Frisbee outside together.
A large amount of bananas that are sitting inside of a large tin.
Woman pushing a cart of luggage in a transportation terminal.
a man driving a motorcycle down the road with a box tied to the back of it
two signs that are advertising a mexican restaurant.
A refrigerator and a table in a room.
A group of elephants walking through a grassy area with thick trees behind.
A girl running after a tennis ball on the court
A worker tends to large figures placed in oversized beds. 
A living room with contemporary furnishings and wall hangings.
there is a male frisbee player about to catch the frisbee
A photo of a horse hooked up to a carriage.
A man skates down a ramp painted with graffiti.
Pair of adults and teens having silly fun. 
This is a man working behind the counter of a bar with a lot of oranges and lemons.
A large tall building tower with a clock on the top.
A close up of a pizza pie on a plate.
The building with the flags shines bright at night. 
A smiling man is next to an open oven with a pan.
Train yards are usually not very attractive places.
A clock near the front of a house.
Blue jacket sitting on top of a fire hydrant. 
A dog that is looking at his reflection in a mirror.
A piece of ice cream cake on a plate 
A living room with a wooden table next to a kitchen.
Four pictures of a computer and a desk.
Three zebras are walking on the grassin front of a hill.
A girl holding a sandwich wrapped in paper.
Sign on the side of a building in Stockholm.
A table top with phones and a camera on it.
a line of cars are oarked outside an old church
a picnic table sitting in a spot with a good view of the ocean 
A woman walking by a fence holding an orange umbrella over her
Food items next to beverage displayed on wooden surface.
A woman is holding a bunch of bananas on a street side market. 
A school bus sitting at a traffic light across from another vehicle.
Corner of intersection of building with foreign language sign.
A man is floating with a parachute high in the sky
A person riding a surfboard on an ocean wave.
A large white horse next to a calf in a meadow.
A toilet paper dispenser on a tiled wall next to a toilet
There is a white plate with meat and broccoli on it
a man water skiing at in the water at the beach
A person is riding a skateboard on the beach.
This is a kitten on a keyboard chasing a mouse.
A small child in blue on a set of skis
A white horse standing next to a tree.
A group of boys with skateboards in their hands are on the sidewalk of a street in town.
Disorganized plate containing light meal with no visible meat.
A very cluttered Chinese street showing many business signs.
One of the slices of pizza on the dish is turned upside down. 
There is a man playing a video game.
A tree sitting in the middle of a lush green field.
Many people laying and playing on a beach and in the water.
A slice of a pizza is cut and sitting on a plate. 
This is a woman displaying her white horse.
A pit bull dog on a messy bed. 
a bunch of lights are hanging above a street
A crowd of people are standing in line.
a chinese pug dog standing up on hind legs to peer over table
Elephants in a zoo close to buildings 
Two zebras that are grazing on some grass.
A woman bending over near a child over hamburger patties.
Surfers board a public bus carrying their surfboards.
A picture of a man wearing a suit and tie
a red and white plane is flying over some water 
Group of people standing in a field flying different colored kites. 
A cat closes its eyes to nap on the edge of a sofa.
An old TV and a flat screen TV on a homemade entertainment center.
A white cutting board with a head of broccoli and a bag of carrots.

The contents of someone's purse with glasses, makeup, an ipod, phone, and pens and paper.
A microwave on a counter without the clock set.
An art exhibit with two chairs and a blue vase.
A very big white bus parked by the curb.
A red train is moving down a track
A man and a woman formally dressed posing for a picture.
A green and white rain next to a phone booth.
A white bathtub sitting next to a  toilet.
A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.
A large red and white boat docked next to a walkway.
A man rides the wave of a surfboard.
A plate of donuts sits atop a brown counter-top. 
Four men in room working on a computer.
Several food containers on a table of wood near a map.
A plant that looks like a bunch of unripe bananas.
Queens Library cargo truck parked at a street meter.
A white break room with a wooden floor
A man is at a table of breakfast food.
A tennis player makes a quick shuffle to return the ball.
A giraffe standing upright near a group of trees.
a boy doing a trick on a snowboard. 
A person on a surfboard in the water.
A person is flying a kite low to the green ground.
Flower umbrellas hanging upside down inside a room.
The large airplane has his landing gear down.
A cat stands on a table with a laptop in front of a person.
A young girl who is eating a piece of bread.
A person sitting along a wall near a fire hydrant.
a man is talking in to a microphone on stage
The horse is practicing jumping over hurdles with the trainer.
A man riding on the back of a white horse next to a cow.
Buses going through several intersections with their headlights on
A large tall building with a clock on the top.
Three zebras are eating dry greenish brown grass.
A bag is sitting on a park bench next to a small luggage with an umbrella on top.
A zebra standing next to another rolling in the dirt.
A brown bear sitting on top of a grass covered field.
A blow dryer sitting upright on a chair.
A small bird perched on top of a wooden branch.
an image of a group of men that are skiing down a slope
A wooden bowl filled with bananas on top of a counter.
A child with a knife cuts a food item.
A street car going along a track on its own.
A little girl with a pink bow in her hair eating broccoli. 
A bus and others vehicles are sitting in traffic. 
Some people who are riding on a sail boat.
a man smiling showing off a loaded pizza 
this is a plate with food and forks in a table
A dog sniffing another dog wearing a hat
A couple of people standing outside of a store.
A woman is standing in the kitchen with an eat-in bar.  
A giraffe is looking at something while standing near a fence.
Child in bed covered with a flower patterned blanket. 
People coming through a terminal at an airport 
