A person reading a brown elephant a bottle filled with milk.
A table with a laptop, CD's and several Coca Cola cans on it.
Boys playing baseball, with one little boy at bat and parents watching.
a cat and a dog lay on either side of a sleeping person in a bed
A baseball player is swinging his bat at a ball.
Motorcycle being show off on a red carpet at a show.
a kite stuck up high in a tree
A very dark image of people and cars by a street.
an image of a couple that is skiing and on skiis
A person on some skis in the snow.
The top half of a clock tower against a cloudy sky.
A pair of Clydesdale Horses being steered by a man.
Picture of bottom of jacket with stethescope poking out from underneath
A white bear laying on top of a stony ground covered in filth.
A bunch of guys are dressed in similar attire.
A person standing over another person sticking them with a hypodermic needle.
a woman in a bathrobe is eating a meal
a red phone with a flip screen on it
The person sits with an open umbrella in a pink dress.
A parrot sitting in top of a tree with branches.
A bathroom with a toilet and sink, nicely tiled.
a baseball player steps in to the batters box 
A worker is next to a metal trailer at an airport.
A dog enjoying playing on the beach in the sun
A man in skis holding two ski poles towing a piece of luggage.
a hilly grassy area filled with people sitting down and taking pictures
people stand outside of a shop where there are tables and chairs
some people sitting at an outdoor table and talking to each other 
Residential bathroom with modern design and tile floor.
Two dogs that are playing with frisbees out in the snow.
A woman snaps a photo of people having fun in the courtyard.
A man with a beard smiling at the camera
A toy town with a train on the tracks passing a signal.
A white jet airliner docked next to utility vehicles.
A kid hanging out a window while holding an umbrella.
A group of parked motor bikes sitting next to white railing.
Mandarin/tangerine oranges in baskets, on green artificial turf covered folding tables.
Four people enjoying a meal are posing for their picture. 
A spacious and airy room with sofa, table, chairs and LED.
A man jumps from the pier while holding a surfboard
all umbrellas are closed at he tables outside the hotel 
A boy and a girl are sitting on a person wearing a large bear suit.
A pet is drinking out of a toilet bowl.
The small kitchen has wood cabinets and a dish washer.
A group of baseball players that are in the dirt.
a laptop and notebook on top of a brown wooden desk
A sidewalk with two parking meters in front of a planter.
A woman is surfing on a wave on the ocean.
A pair of elephants are shown in a field.
A fire truck (ladder truck) drives down a street in the city.
A blue and yellow bus sits on the track.
Oddly shaped carrots hanging in front of other vegetables.
An old and weathered fire hydrant stands in front of a large house. 
There are appliances and cookware in a kitchen.
Two women who are holding discs on a beach.
A yellow umbrella outside of a restaurant widow.
A boy is jumping his skateboard over an orange cone.
Several dump trucks are going along the road.
two people on a beach with a kite flying in the sky 
a tennis player throws up a tennis ball to serve the ball
a dog holding a red frisbee in its mouth.
A rainbow of kayaks arrayed on the sand flats at the water's edge.
A man that is standing on a sidewalk with a skateboard.
A child in a rain coat with birds surrounding them.
a banana tree sits in the sun an a nice day
a person taking a photo of a baby with their cell phone 
A computer keyboard next to a computer mouse.
A locomotive travelling down the railroad tracks in Winter.
A small black dog standing in a sink
A black cat drinking out of a cup on a night stand.
Man, woman, and child brushing their teeth with different brushes. 
The backside of two giraffes that are standing together.
Two double decker buses sitting parked near each other.
Computer screen displaying a page of small print. 
A "No Peddling" sign stands on the side of a road.
A pedestal sink and a toilet in a bathroom.
Two girls are keeping up with their friends.
A plate of potato chips and sandwich, next to a glass of water.
A brown cow sits in the middle of a grassy field.
A baseball player on home base, swinging a bat.
A couple of people with snowboards in the snow.
A woman playing tennis with her racket ready behind her.
a guy skateboarding down a road with something in his mouth
A stop sign stands at an intersection of two streets.
Red bricks set in a sidewalk leading the way past a fire yellow and black hydrant.
Two parking meters that are nearly covered with snow
a close up of a zebra behind a fence 
A locomotive hauling a colorful train of boxcars. 
A small bathroom has a white tub, sink and toilet with a wooden lid.
Female tennis player in pink and white outfit with crowd watching. 
A setup a model village and train set.
A group of giraffe standing next to a wooden fence.
Two people on the beach with surfboards seen over a man's shoulder.
A photograph of a bedroom inside a home.
A girl eats a candy apple while in a Ferris wheel car.
A person s walking down a dark alley way carrying his skateboard.
a living room with a view of a field from the window
Three elephants standing behind a metal wire fence.
Martha Stewart posing with a fluffy Himalayan cat.
A person in the ocean holding a kite like object in the air by a string.
A person is in the middle of skiing down some slopes.
The doors of the white city bus are open.
The transit train stretches down the track under the power lines.
A close up of a giraffe sticking its head in a sunroof
The woman is making a meal in the kitchen for her family.
A young child brushing their teeth with a green toothbrush.
a street sign sits next to a street 
there are lots of pieces of tape on the floor and a pair of scissors
A room with a painting, books, and guitars. 
Two men moving a refrigerator across a street. 
picutre of the street signs at Pete Rose Way and Broadway
a person at a store looking at kites
A television is in a wall and on
the woman is wearing and umbrella hat and on her phone. 
In a desert area, a black dog leaps from the ground as a white Frisbee hovers near his nose.
An adult giraffe standing next to a small elephant.
A nice looking living room with some nice chairs.
A baseball player has his bat outstretched on the field.
A blue and white British Airways bus resting at the London Bus Museum.
A bathroom has a brown and yellow accents.
A signpost with a modified street sign attached.
Street signs on the side of the road.
This is a kind of weird and fun candy.
A busy street with traffic moving in both directions and several two level buses on the street with people around.
A striped tie with the shirt collar unbuttoned
The view of a baseball game from behind home plate.
a number of fruits at a market 
There are several trays filled with doughnut sandwiches.
