Three young women are swimming on their surfboards.
A man lunging forward towards a frisbee next to three other men.
A zebra and giraffe stand beside each other.
The cows are standing in a herd in the field.
A giraffe is grazing in a field with people in the background.
Two monks stand under an umbrella on the sidewalk.
A locker room with some naked men in it.
A man on an outdoor basketball court going to get a ball.
a red and grey fire hydrant on a street corner.
A couple celebrating a birthday in a kitchen.
A man has stuffed a jelly doughnut into his mouth.
A smiling girl with a piece of bread in her hand.
A bright yellow fire hydrant has pretty flowers and decorative stones surrounding it; a cement building is in the background and one of the curtains is very colorful. 
a person that is surfing on a big wave
a blonde dog is sleeping on his back
A man posing with his hand made stop sign by a tree
A brown brick clock tower next to skyline.
a small boy in an orange shirt on a blue and white belly board
A toddler looking up and smiling while pulling a pink bag.
Two small dogs on the grass next to a driveway

A parking meter beside a statue with a bag hung from it
Breakfast entails a croissant, coffee, water and a spoon.
The breakfast entree and coffee is on the wooden surface.
The man is enjoying the large cheesy sandwich.
A man is about to serve a tennis ball.
A surfer is knocked into the air by an ocean wave.
Two children pose for a photo while on skis.
A hydrant is open and pours water onto a city street.
A few birds sitting together in a nest.
A cow walking on the side of the road beside a home and some bikes. 
A large covered train station with a bullet train parked.
Baby boy with Frisbee on beach near surf watching the waves. 
A MAN TOO TALL FOR THE BED PROVIDED
A skateboarder is doing a trick in the air
A clear jar containing blueberries, raspberries, oranges, and liquid sits on a table.
Small group of giraffes in open field in native land.
a bathroom with a towel draped across the bathtub, a toilet,sink and mirror
a bus that has some bikes on the outside of it
Two green buses in London that are clean and shiny.
A man is on a snow board with a kite.
A bunch of elephants are gathered around in the outdoors near some rocks.
at a wine tasting they are given three different ones to try
A collection of kitchen utensils in a metal bowl.
An old gothic style building with statues adorning it and a clock.
Two people riding on mopeds in a parking lot. 
The girl is standing under an umbrella in the rain.
a woman walking down a crosswalk next to woman riding a skateboard
A beer bottle filled with flowers sitting on a tree stump.
A small plane on the sand near a beach.
A man is surfing in the crystal blue water
A train sitting on a track next to an abandoned track.
A woman stands on skis on a snowy hill.
a kitchen with brown cupboards and a tile floor 
A large passenger boat is floating down a canal.
A block of sheep and lambs walking under a tree in a green pasture.
Three giraffes and two zebras are feeding in a zoo. 
A young man is skating on a skateboard at a park.
A large, majestic clock tower reads 5:50 as it stands against a blue sky.
a brown table and chairs and a vase with flowers
Two puffy sheep stand in the snow and one sheep has its nose to the ground.
An old, run down city bus sits parked, with rust.
Two skiers trekking through the snow on an overcast day
an image of a broken toilet thrown in the bushes
A freshly made pizza that is being served to someone. 
A soccer player preparing to kick a soccer ball as an opposing player runs along side.
A large bus carrying several passengers drives through a busy part of town
Two side by side oranges with one cut in half.
many different buildings near one another near trees
A picture of a red mac truck passing by a car. The picture is in the rear view mirror.
A red bench that is sitting on a sidewalk.
A bed with a bed frame made of pipe
Two guys standing in a lake with a boat tied to a pole.
A train on the tracks going by some trees
A group of people ready their skiing equipment in the snow.
Roadway intersection next to railroad crossing in urban area.
Several baseball players pose for their photo to be taken.
A red bird with a long beak stands on thick branches in a tree.
a kitchen with plastic bags on the floor
A fat zebra standing in front of upright logs.
a pizza sits on a card board trey 
The bicycle is parked on the side of the alley.
Two lambs eating hay from ground of a field
Three chocolate cupcakes and two forks are on a wooden table.
A computer arrangement of two monitors, a camera, key board and mouse on a desk.
A young woman holding a suitcase disembarking from a train car
A forest with eucalyptus trees and a bench.
A bathroom with mirrors, a sink and railing with a towel draped over it
The baby boy is transfixed by the images on the home  laptop computer.
The tower in town has a clock displayed on it. 
A apple, banana, juice and a cup of coffee on a wicker basket.
a man kneeling down to look at a fire hydrant 
A man refreshing fake flowers in vases on a crypt wall
A cabana covered bed on a sandy beach.
There are many bottles of beer in multiple fridges
There is a man standing next to a motor cycle.
A clock tower has a white pole on top.
a person taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror
A giraffe standing next to three baby giraffes in a zoo exhibit.
A man and a woman riding on an elephant
a jockey riding a horse down a track with people watching
THERE IS A CAT THAT IS SITTION ON TOP OF THE SUITCASE
a surfer on a surf board in the midst of a wave
A boy with messy hair bent over brushing his teeth.
The president of the United States giving a speech at a podium.
A washroom having toilet,bathtub.In between is a partition by curtain.
A cubicle with a computer on the desk.
Two double winged single engine planes flying in the sky.
A fire hydrant that is on a sidewalk.
A rusty fire hydrant is close to the edge of the curb and painted green.
Two elephants are in a field of grass together.
A small cat is standing on a table
A man carrying a bag walking down the train tracks. 
A bathroom sink sitting under a bathroom mirror.
a pole that has a big blue sign on it
A cat is laying on top of a laptop computer.
Some people are rafting together on a river
A kid stands in front of a horse drawn carriage
The man is getting ready to stab the cake.
an image with a person holding an umbrella
a truck filled with people next to several cars.
A group of five people holding racquets on a tennis court.
Two urinals sitting next to each other in a bathroom.
A girl is looking at a large donut with a bite taken out of it.
a bathroom with a sink and a toilet in it
A bus parked in the weeds on a sunny day 
A person with a fur hat going down a snowy hill on a snowboard.
A snowboarder and a skier sit side-by-side along a brick wall.
Sailboats in a marina under a full moon
