this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
the pretty flower has a lot of light blue petals.
these light blue flowers have lots of layered gauzy petals.
the petals are a purple hue with whitish stamen as well.
light purple petals are layered around the layered purple stamen and pistil.
this flower has a few layers of overlapping tiny light blue petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
there are many purple petals that cover the pollen tube on this flower.
this particular flower has petals that are long and purple with a lighter purple center
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny, ruffled purple petals.

this flower has petals that are white with a pink stripe in the center, and red stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has white petals with a pinkish center and the stamen appears red
white petals with purple stripes middle long green leaves
this flower has petals that are white with red dots
this flower has white and pink petals with red dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with red stripes.
this flower has curved white stamens with yellow anthers and curving white petals with streaks of red and pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has white petals with red spots and red anthers.

this flower has purple petals and two yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
the flower has overlaping petals with larger anthers that are yellow in color
this flower has wide, overlapping purple petals with rounded, ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has vibrant yellow stigma and green pistil set inside a dark ovary and surrounded by overlapping smooth purple petals.
this purple and white flower has rounded petals and yellow stigma.
a group of purple flowers with green and yellow stigma.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled back.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this is a purple flower with white on the petals and anther filaments.
the flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has an overlapping wheel arrangement of light purple petals with slightly irregular edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the purple petals have light veins and the stamens are yellow.
this five petaled purple flower has short yellow stamen in it's center.
this flower has large petals with long white stamens.

a five petal yellow and white flower with tiny anther in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white on the fringe and yellow inside
the white flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the sepal forming a disc like shape
this flower has 5 round petals going from yellow in the middle to white on the outside. no visible pistil.
this flower has five white, rounded petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has five white petals with yellow highlights giving it a star like shape.
this flower has thick petals that are white then fading yellow to the center of the flower.

this flower has numerous layers of large yellow petals that are pink around the edges.
perched upon the green sepal are this bloom's variegated yellow to pink petals, arranged in an overlapping spiral.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are a mixture of yellow and orange
this flower has the yellow petals, shaded with the orange color at the top,overlapped each other as whirls
this flower has orange and yellow layered petals on a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
large, yellow petals with red-orange edges and brown-green sepals.
this flower has layers of yellow petals with pink tips and fuzzy, green sepals.

these flowers are a bright golden yellow with many smaller petals coming together to create a dome shape, and hiding the central pistel and stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this large dome shaped flower has many overlapping layers of small, ruffled yellow petals.
leaves are green in color,the petals are floral in shape and yellow incolor
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely bunched together.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny orange petals with ruffles.
this flower has small yellow petals that are arranged tightly around each other in a bulb-like fashion.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has yellow petals that are ruffled together in a ball

this flower has thick spotted red and yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are yellow and red with spots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has six long, tapered petals with red spots and accents.
the six yellow petals, with alternating sizes, are covered in red speckles.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower has yellow petals with orange and red spots and it is arranged in a star-like shape.
the almond shaped petals are yellow with red spots and the stamen are small and orange.
the flower has six bright beautiful yellow petals with bright orange spots throughout.

this flowers petals curl up to the underside of the flower with a dark salmon color polka dotted with dark black dots and long cone shaped anthers.
the flower has orange petals with brown stamen that float.
the flower shown has orange petals with black spots and purple anther
this medium orange flower has curly orange petals with black spots.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has many orange petals which have black spots on them.
this flower has pastel orange petals with brown spots on the that curve up and away from the brown tipped stamen.
this orange flour with brown polka dots has distinctive petals that curl under themselves.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots

the flower has white petals with white anther and a green pedicel
this flower is white with a green center of it long petals.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are white with green veins.
the flowers have green pedicels that go into white pedals and a green ovary.
this flower has five ruffled petals which are conjoined at their centers.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
the flower has white petals with green lines running through it and wavy edges.
this flower has four white, yellow stained petals, a fuzzy pedicel, and jagged leaves.

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
the large flower has many oval shaped petals surrounding and bell shaped petal with large stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has yellow petals, and several yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a trumpet shaped center petal.
trumpet shaped centered by rows of bright yellow petals with matching stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bell shaped
the petals are bright yellow and some are pointed while other form a vase shape around small yellow stamens.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
the flower has large petals that are light yellow colored.
this small flower has circular shaped petals colored white, with a yellow tint towards the center.
this flower has petals that are white with white stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has white petals with yellow anthers.
this circular, white flower has petals laced with yellow, with a green pedicel.
this flower has white petals that has yellow lines in the center
the petals on this flower are light yellow with darker yellow lines in them and it has yellow anthers.
this flower has conjoined soft petals in pale yellow with darker yellow veins.

this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower is star shaped with many red pedals.
this flower has long pointed red petals and a red stigma in the center
the flower has oputer petals that are green in color and the inner petals are brown in color
this flower has petals that are red and has pointy ends
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips and shiny.
this flower has thick and very sharp red petals with waxy texture.
the flower has deep pink petals that are come to a point.
this flower has purple petals with pointy tips to them in a stacking pattern.

this aquatic flower has curved pink petals and grows on the water.
a flower with pink and white petals curled up on each other.
the petals are a pinking hue with splashes of white as well.
the flower has bright pink petals that are curling upwards with variants of white.
the flower shown has purple and white petals as well as green sepal
flower with pink and white petals that are long and curved towards the center of the flower.
this flower has different rows of long pink and white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
a red and white flower with a curled up center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.

this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals on this flower are pink near the tips turning to white near the stem.
the pink petals are cupped upwards while the pedicel is dark and the leaves are small.
this light-pink petaled flower features a strong stem rising to its core.
this pinkish and purplish flower has large alternating petals that are oval and pointy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has spots of white
this flower has long and tapered white petals whose edges fade to a pale pink.
this flower has light pink petals with a white base that lay out flat from a green stem.
this flower has a long visible pedicel, and a large yellowish pink sepal, with a couple layers of large pink flowers that darken at the very tips
this flower has multiple rows of pink petals with pointed tips and a yellow sepal.

this flower has petals that are dark pink with white stigma.
the flower has bright pink petals that are triangular shaped.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigma
this flower has large triangular magenta petals, with magenta stamen and white stigma.
this bright fuscia flower has petals that are not centered with two smaller flowers centered in the pistil.
the flower has pink leaves at its base, the flower itself has a single, five lobed, white petal.
this flower has bright pink petals with little white stigmas.
this flower has very tiny oblong white petals in a ray-like configuration with huge pink sepals.
this flower has pink petals and a white pistil.

a yellow and orange flower with a big circle of yellow stamen.
the flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around the disc of stamens
the petals on this flower are yellow with a brown stripe.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange linesa
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped red in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the flower has alternating red and yellow petals along with lots of yellow anther in the center.
this flower is yellow, red, and black in color, and has petals that are striped down the center.
this yellow red and brown flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has a single layer of yellow petals with red centers in a ray-like formation.

this flower has a large light purple purple petal that surround that pistol and gets darker at the base.
the flower shown has light purple petals with white pistil
this purple flower has continuous petal that surrounds purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are all connected to each other.
these flowers are a beautiful color with overlapping petals and leaves.
flower with light purple petals around a long narrow base with a long narrow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has a funnel-shaped petal with light pink coloring and a dark pink ovary.

this flower has large rounded overlapping purple petals with center orange stamen.
the flower shown has six purple petals with an orange pistil
there is a white and purple striped petal with golden stigma.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower features an ovary covered with orange stamen surrounded by layers of white and purple striated petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple lines
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
the white petals have purple veins and the anther is bright orange.
this flower has large purple petals and a large orange pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are yellow with red lines
a center of short orange stamen, surrounded by bright yellow petals, each with a red stripe down its center.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have red detail with a yellow center composed of the anthers.
this flower has long yellow petals and a center with yellow stamen in the center
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
this flower has a double row of elongated yellow petals that all have a maroon strip down the center.
this flower has brightly colored petals with yellow edges and red down the middle.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are striped down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the blossom has a round dull yellow center surrounded by bright yellow petals that have a red stripe down the middle.

the petals of this flower are white with short little stamen
this flower has white petals and white stamen in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected together.
the petals of the flower are whit in color with yellow anthers
this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals that curl slightly outwards, and a bright yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a broad flat white petal with a yellow center.
smooth white petals of this flower surround the white anther in the center with a touch of yellow.
this flower has white petals, yellow center and white pistil.
a flower with a long petal that is rounded and white with a yellow center.

this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the petals of this flower are lavender wtih a long stigma
a small purple and pink flower in long green leaves
the flower has dark purple petals that have specks of white.
the petals of the flower are pink and purple while the grasses are white.
a pink and purple group of flowers with green stems.
the flower has has several oddly shaped purple petals surrounding one, central pink petal.
this flower has purple petals, with pink petals in the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together

the flower has smooth yellow petals with some red and white stamen
this flower has small orange petals and white anthers in the middle
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are orange with short little stamen
these small blossoms have five rounded orange petals which curve slightly outwards.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
a flower with short and wide petals that are orange.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the beautiful orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has white stamen sticking out from the center
this flower has small and rounded orange petals with small veins and red accents.

this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower has a central pod and black stamen surrounded by smooth, rounded red petals.
this flower has two overlapping petals with the top petal looking like a trumpet.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
outer petal is rounded in sahpe inner petal is capsule in shape
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has red petals that fold together and has green stamen
this is a round shaped red flower with a darker colored center.
a flower with one large red petal around it's center and another outer layer of two petals.
the strange looking flower has red petals with a brown inside

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the petals on this flower are pink and in the shape of a bell
a flower with a large bell shaped singular pink petal and green sepals.
the pink petals form a deep bell shape upon a green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are pink and in a bell shape
the bell shaped pink flower has fused petals that are soft and so smooth which is supported by green sepal
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and in a bell shape
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
a flower with long petal that curls outward and is light pink.

this flower features long yellow stamen surrounded by broad reddish orange petals.
the flower has petals that are red in color with yellow anthers in the center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
the flower has petals that are burgundy with yellow anther and burgundy filaments.
this flower has purple petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stamen
this flower has large deep red petals that overlap each other and many yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a pistil.

this is a flower with red upward pointing petals on it.
pedicel are maroon in color,petals are red in color,and sepals are green in color
a red petal flower with green sepal and a red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has fuzzy green sepals and a smooth green pedicel with dark red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has red curled petals and long spiny sepals.
this flower has petals that are red and is folded upwards
this flower has a green stem holding wide dark red petals.

the petals on this flower are a light purplish color.
delicate lavender petals with purple toward the stamen.
this flower has a drooping head and several long, slightly tapered whitish-purple petals.
the light purple petals are touched by drops of dew.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are covered in water.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this purple flower has a dark brown pedicel and purple, dew-covered petals that are semi-open.
the petals on this flower are pink and purple and the pedicel is a dark red color

this flower has petals that are white with spots of pink
this flower has large white petals and a big yellow stigma in the middle of it
the petals on this flower are white with pink tips
this flower is whit and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with pink tips and many yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals that become pink towards the ends, and yellow stamens and stigma
this flower has a very side yellow pistil surrounded by small yellow stamen and white petals with pink edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink tips
this flower has a yellow stamen and layers of upturned pink-tipped white petals.
a large white and pink flower with a golden center.

the flower shown has white bell shaped petals which are its main feature
this flower has many tube like florets with purple spots on inside all housed from a stem like pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this white, bell shaped flower has red spots on the inside of its petals.
this is a white flower with purple spots that is shaped like a bell and has pollen tube that is partially visible in this photos.
this flower has tube-shaped white blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
these flowers have white droopy petals with red dots on the inside.
a flower with one petal that is white with purple speckles.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

this flower has large red petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this red flower is shaped like an elongated trumpet with rounded petals which curl slightly at the mouth.
this flower has petals that are pink and bell shaped
this flower has thick ovular shaped red petals as its main feature.
a flower with long and tube shaped petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are red and is bell shaped
this trumpet shaped bloom is yellow when it first blooms then turns red.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
phallic like flower with red orange and yellow petals that are tall and droop at the very top

a flower with white petals, yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has white petals with tiny orange stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has rounded petals a green pedicel and yellow orange stamen.
the flower has a large cluster of golden stamen and fluffy white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals tat are wavy and wrinkled.

this flower is star shaped with petals and its stamen is yellowish
this flower has smooth white pointed petals with a rounded yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the large white cupped petals of this flower surround a large yellow pistil.
this white star shaped flower has a round yellow stigma in the center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ovals shaped.
this flower has a yellow stamen and layers of white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has thick white petals with smooth edges and yellow stamen in the inside of it
this flower has a large yellow pistil and layers of white petals.

the flower has a large white petal and a long pedicle.
the white smooth petal on this flower is the predominant feature
this flower is white in color, with petals that are shaped like a bell.
this flower has white petals which come to a point at the end.
this is an upright white flower with large petals and stigma which cannot be seen.
a white funnel shaped flower with green leaves surrounding it.
this flower has petals that are white and in a bell shape
this flower has very soft conjoined white petals in a rounded star shape.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are white
this flower has white petals with pink pedicel and purple linings.

single large deep red heart shaped petal with one long style tipped with yellow anther.
this flower has large white pistil and red petals as its main features
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
the red blossom on this flower almost looks more like a leaf than a blossom but it surrounds a long bushy filament that is white for most of the length and has a bright yellow tip.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow and white style
a flower with one petal that is bright red and surrounds the pollen tube.
this flower has one large waxy leaf shaped red pedal with a yellow and white stamen.
this flower has a large red petal with deep ridges and a thick white and yellow pistil.
this plant has large red pedals and a white to yellow pistil.
a red flower with different shape and the stigma is white and yellow

the flower shown has red and pink petals in various sizes
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flant has large leathery leaves and bright pink flowers shaped like pine cones that open brilliantly.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
a light pink cone shaped flower with many pink petals stacked on top of each other.
the petals of this flower are a vibrant pink hue and the sepals are a dark jade green.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
a flower that has multiple pink petals.

the petals of this flower are white with long stigmas
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has a set of white colored petals with its stigma in yellow color.
it has a star shaped blossom with six long, slender white petals with a number of yellow filaments protruding in the center.
the flower shown has a white petal with yellow anther and filament
a flower with white petals and bright yellow stamen and very visible anthers.
this flower has white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
the flower has six white petals with white filaments, and yellow anthers.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and six very smooth, large white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this bright yellow flower has several smooth petals with very rounded edges.
this flower has a single layer of bright yellow rounded petals and numerous yellow stamen in the center.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a group of thick yellow stamen and a green pistil.
a flower with bright yellow petals and long yellow stamen.
five round, bright yellow petals surround dozens of equally bright yellow stamen, greener at the center.
the bright yellow flower has five pedals that are all the same vibrant yellow.
the petals of this flower are yellow and round and the stamen are yellow.

this round bell shaped flower has rounded purple petals with a white star shaped design.
this flower has pink and white petals with a white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have a white stripe in the shape of a star.
this pale violet flower features a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.
the delicate flower is a light pink with a white star shape that reaches out to all the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has a funnel-like shape with very light pink petals that have a white stripe down the center of each one.
a light pink flower with a white star pattern at it's center that surrounds a light colored pistil.

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has thin pointed purple petals with a center of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the golden color filament is above the lavender colors petals which droop downward.
this flower has a textured brown center surrounded by down turned pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has a single layer of light purple petals that are long and pointed.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has lavender petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
there are some sparse long thin deep pink petals in a star configuration surrounding a cluster of deep yellow stamen covered ovule.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this is a pretty white flower with yellow on the inside of the petal.
the petals of the flower have overlapping folds and are light yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower has large white and yellow petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and yellow near the center.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
a yellow and white flower with it's petals in a pin will formation and very small yellow stigma at it's center.

this purple flower has flattened petals with yellow sepals in the center.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are lavender with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with a yellow stigma
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has purple petals that make a satellite shape with yellow stamen
this flower has large light purple petals that spiral out from the center in a fan-like shape.
this flower is purple in color, with very thin and wavy petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are light purple.
this flower has purple petals as well as a orange stamen.

the petal is white and the inside of the flower is yellow.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has large white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a rounded white star shape with bright yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are only yellow near the ovary.
a group of white flat flowers with a yellow center.
the flower has white stamen and round petals that are white with alittle yellow.

the petals of the flower are red in color and have yellow detailing along the side.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are pink with green edges
the obvious parts of this bloom are the petals, which are red with white edges are long and distantly spaced.
there are dark red and white petals with red pedicel.
a flower with red and yellow petals and green leaves.
this flower has pink petals that have white edges and are long, thin, and wavy in shape.
this flower has red and yellow staggered petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals that gradient to white but doesn't seem to have a pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stripes

the petals of this flower are red and yellow with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are red with yellow fringes.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
a flower with spotted yellow and red petals with additional red anther sprouting from its center
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
this flower has wide and round-shaped red petals with mottled yellow edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower has yellow petals that have red all around them
this flower has brightly colored petals that are red and yellow and arranged in a wavy configuration.

these large white flowers have fluttery petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
there is a stigma in the center of the flower with visible pollen.
flower has white peadals with yellow on the edge ofp pedals
the flower has a thin white petal with a green pedicel
this flower has frilly white petals and a center that is greenish yellow.
this white flower has pointed petals, green sepals, and a yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
a flower with long, white petals that have pointed tips.
this flower is made up of one connected white petal that has some green near the pistil.

this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower shown has purple petals and a large pistil as its main feature.
the flower has a series of pink short and thick petals that are layered next to each other.
a flower with purple petals and no visible pistils shown.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
a flower that has stacked petals that is purple.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this is a long purple flower with sharp and pointed petals.
this fower has long narrow green leaves and a lavender wide pistel and three small purple leaves.

the flower shown has green pedicel with a smooth white petal
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
this is a trumpet shaped white flower with a central yellow pistil.
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow pistil.
a flower with a wide petal that is white and wraps around the pollen tube.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large rounded petal.
this white flower has a wavy petal, a green pedicel, and a yellow orange pistil
this flower has a large funnel shaped petal that is white with a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style

this flower has petals that are pale pink with pink filaments.
a large light pink petaled flower with long white filiments
this flower has pink and white pedals with pink spots and pink and green stamen.
this flower has a large pink petal with spots, and with anther filaments with a pink stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that form a star.
long thin pink stamen hand down the flat pink petals of this flower.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and very thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
the petals of the flower have a light pink color, with a stripe of white on the outside of the petals.
this flower has five large and wide pale pink petals with delicate white edges.

this is an orange flower with spots of red on the petals and white stigma.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has large bright orange rounded petals with a pistil that is short and tan colored.
the flower shown has white pistil with small yellow and orange petals
the flower is orange with petals that are soft, thin and arranged separately around stamens
this flower has yellow pedals containing red veins, and a pale yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a white center
this flower has orange petals and white anther.
this flower has bright orange petals with darker veins that overlap slightly in a wheel formation.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have darker veins.

the flower has two main colors purple and white.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white patches and dark lines
a white and purple pedaled flower with dark lines and a yellow center.
this flower contains multicolored whitish-yellow petals along with purple sepals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower is white, blue, and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
a violet flower with yellow and white tinting surrounding dark brown lines.
this flower has smooth rounded petals with blue and white coloring.
a large purple and white pedaled flower with black markings.

this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
the flower shown has yellow petals with a green pedicel
this vibrant yellow flower is made up of many overlapping petals that will bloom into a complex flower.
the flower has yellow petals with a yellow stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has wide rounded yellow petals with a smooth texture.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and curled around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has a long thin green pedicel with a round yellow petal on top.
this flower has yellow petals that are curled in so you can not see the inside of the flower.

this flower's five petals are gradient-colored, going from dark to light purple and turning yellow with black stripes in the middle by the pistil.
a flower with large purple petals with black strip leading into a yellow spot in its center.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
an ombre affect on the petals by one shade of purple fading into another, with black lines and bright yellow centers.
this flower has large purple petals and a bright yellow center in it
this flower has purple petals with brown streaks on them.
this flower has white and purple petals with dark thin stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow center
the petals of this flower are purple, golden yellow and white, and they have stripes on them
the flower has purple to white gradient petals with a orange center that has black stripes.

the petals are rumpled and orange, surrounding golden yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by five large, wide red petals with rounded edges.
neon orange with burnt yellow infuses this beautiful flower with a bulbous stamen.
this orange flower has five crumpled, fan shaped petals surround yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are wrinkled.
five bright orange, wrinkly petals turn yellow near the yellow stamen and red tipped stigma.
this flower has orange petals with thick and yellow stamen
this bright orange flower has large orange petals that blend into the yellow center of the stamen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
an orange flower with separate petals that arranged in disc like manner around stamen

this flower contains round, lavender petals that has several filaments in the center.
a flower with large wilted individual purple petals and yellow clustered stamen.
the flower has petals that are light purple with yellow filaments.
the laves are alternatly arranged and the flower has purple colored petals
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the end.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has lavender petals with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
a purple and white flower with a golden center stigma.
the petals of the flower are in a fan formation, and have shades of purple and white throughout.
this flower has overlapping pale purple petals which are delicately textured.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with a light yellow center.
the flower shown has green sepal and pedicel with white petals
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is white with yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
the trumpet shaped white flower has fused petals that are supported by green colored sepals
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower has red petals which overlap in layers and a yellow pistil.
bright red and pointed petals are arranged in layers surround yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has large red petals and orange stamen coming out of the middle
this flower has a couple of rows of oblong pink petals and a center dome of yellow stamen.
this flower has large red petals and bright yellow stamens.
these flowers have red layered petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
the petals on this flower are unique because they go downward and are yellow
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the flower has a few petals which are yellow in color .
this flower is bright yellow with a long green filament and yellow anthers.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines
a large pedaled dark colored flower with dark green leaves.
this yellow and brown flower has rounded petals and green sepals
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright yellow colored.

the yellow leaves are long, slender and pointed and they surround a brown, domed center.
this flower has a large brown center surrounded by many thin, long yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are long and pointed.
these large flowers have long yellow thin petals with a black center.
the petals on this flower are long and yellow in color.
this flower has a black ovule, simple rows of yellow petals and a narrow pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the petals of this flower are long and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has long skinny yellow petals and a black center.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

the flower has skinny oval shaped yellow petals layered on top of each other.
this is sort of a sunflower with yellow slim petals with dark stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow with brown stamen
this flower has multiple layers of bright yellow petals around a wide pistol.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this yellow flower has pointed petals and brown stamen with yellow anthers.
this is a yellow flower with oval-shaped petals and a round brown pistil.
this flower has multiple layers of thin oblong yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.

this is a large, orange flower with blue spots on the petals and orange stamen.
this flower is orange ad purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals are bright orange with black polka dots, while the stigma is light orange and the sepal is black.
a large orange pedaled flower with a long stigma with a brown tips.
this flower has petals that are orange with black dots
this flower has orange petals that have black dots on them
large, curled orange petals, with dark purple spots, orange filament, maroon anthers, and an orange pistil.
the petals of this flower are orange with black spots and the pedicel is green
this particular flower has petals that are orange with black dots
this flower is entirely orange, with brown spots on the petals, and brown anthers.

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by five gossamer petals in a pale pink hue.
this small flower has purple-white rounded petals and a golden stamen.
this flower has pale pink almost white petals and tiny, long yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are short and white with pink
light pink flower with five round petals and yellow anther encircling the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is light pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
the petals of this flower are pink, the pistils are white, and the pedicel is gray

large puffed petal with a upturned part revealing a yellow pistil with three purple, yellow and white petals portraying a background.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow lines
petals are pink in color,they are larger and broader in size
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
a small flower with purple pedals and a golden center.
this flower has varied petals, three of which are rounded with pink stripes on a yellow background and one larger rounded petal that is solid light pink.
this flower had yellow and white petals attached to a big white pedicel.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow lines

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
the petals on this flower are bright red with yellow pistil in the center
this is a flower with dark red petals on it and yellow anthers.
this flower has red petals, orange stamen, and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals are deep red, in contrast to the yellow stamens and filaments.
this flower has bright red petals that are oval in shape and a grouping of yellow stamen at its center.
this flower has a dark red petal and yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a large red flower with a dark golden stigma center.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven at the ends.
pink petals with some having yellow as well as magenta veining and pink filiment and green anthers.
pink flower, with bright yellow inviting center.
the petals are a light pink color with splashes of yellow and red.
the filament of the flower is pink with a green anther while the petals are pink.
the light pink petals have dark pink stripes and ruffled edges and the stamens are pink and green.
this flower has pink filaments with green anthers in the middle of petals that are mostly pink with a few yellow and lined markings.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that have striped.
this thin, light pink flower has distinct markings and some yellow on only some of the petals, with a few visible stamen in the center.

this multi-head flower has long purple petals.
these purple flowers have long tubular petals that curve upwards.
this flower is long and upright in form with purple petals.
the petals of the flowers point upwards and are bright fuchsia in color and are on a wooden stalk.
this flower shown has very delicate purple petals with a purple pedicel
this flower has upright petals of lavender shaded to deeper purple.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
there are twisty pastel pink long oval petals that reach upwards with no visible stamen or pistil.
a flower with long, slender purple petals, darker near the base and green stems.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards

this flower has white petals with pink dots scattered throughout the petals along with a light green ovule and a green pedicel.
this flower has a simple row of white petals dotted with purple and has the stamens at the center
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals are white with purple spots and centered around some purple stamen and pistil.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of white petals with small purple spots.
this flower has slim white oetals that are speckled with purple spots and has stamen with light purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
the flower has six white petals with purple spots, and several large white anthers.

the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
the pink and white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming funnel shape
the flower shown has yellow anther green pedicel and large white and pink petals
this flower has petals that are pink and white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with pink patches
this flower has wide and smooth white petals with pale pink edges.
the alternating leaves are broad and green and the flower petals are spotted white and pink
a flower with wide and curled petals that are white with pink spotting.
this flower has white and pink petals that has green in the center
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

the flower is yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and has stamen in the centre
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has a yellow pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
a flower with rounded petals that are a bright yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has four yellow petals and long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this is an orange flower with four leaves and orange stamens.

this flower has petals that are yellow with orange dots
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted and oval shaped.
the flower shown has six yellow petals with red spots on each petal.
flower has petals that are yellow with orange and brown dots.
this flower's broad, oval-shaped petals are yellow in hue with spotted red and orange.
this flower has six petals of yellow that are spotted with orange.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with orange spots.
this flower has six yellow petals with red spots and a yellow pistil.
this flower is made up of six yellow petals with orange spots.

this flower has five large, rounded yellow petals with hints of white at their tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are large and curved.
light yellow petals fading to white at the edges, only five in number pinwheeled around a hidden reproductive center.
the yellow and white petals of these flowers look like edible icing on a birthday cake.
the petals on this flower are pale yellow with whitish tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light yellow and white petals with curled edges that spiral out from its center.
this flower has yellow and white petals with green leaves.
the flower has five white and yellow petals all twisted together.

this flower has petals that are bright pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the ovary.
this is a large flower that has pink petals and a long pink pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this flower has blue pistil with dark pink petals as its main features
this flower has thin pink petals with brown tipped stamen in the center.
this flower has deep pink petals which have some white on them as well.
this flower has large deep pink petals in a trumpet formation around the pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stamen

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
these bright yellow flowers have small angular petals and a large amount of stamen arranged in a circle in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flowers is composed with multiple elongated and thin petals.
the petals are long and thin and yellow and the stamen is short and yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
a large dull yellow flower with a tan center stigma.
this yellow flower has many layered pedals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow stigma
a pink flower has two whorls of big petals, a prominent yellow pistil, and several yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker at the tips.
overall the pistil is a golden color, while the petals resemble pink lemonade.
this flower has pink petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has long oval petals with points that are shaded from cream to pink and a yellow stamen.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower has a yellow trumpet like stigma, with soft pink petals that are lighter pink towards the center and darker pink towards the edges.
this flower has a prominent yellow pistil surrounded by pink and white petals.

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming a disc like shape
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are dark near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this is a flower that has very large pink and white petals.
the flowery petals are of pink hue and the center is scarlet with the polen tubes with the stigma growing from the center.
this flower has very leafy purple petals with a large stigma that stick out of the center.
this flower is pink and red in color, and has petals that are red near the ovary.
this flower has pink petals, a red ovule, white anther filaments and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center

5he flowers are lternatly shaped with large purple petals that are oval shpaed
this flower is bright purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has a thick brown stem and several large, slightly pointed purple petals.
this plant has multiple blooms, whose petals appear bright blue at full growth
some rich and dark purple or lavender petals with dark vein like patterns inside of them.
a tiny purple petal with dark purple veins and a dove wing shape.
this flower has purple petals on a brown fuzzy pedicel.
this purple flower has petals as well as a pedicel.
this petal has gorgeous purple petals and a long green pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen

this is a yellow rose with orange on the petals and leaves.
this flower has petals that are overlapping, golden and dark pink.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange patches
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
the flower has bright orange and yellow petals and sepals with small thorns.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange and the pedicel is thorny and green
the flower is mostly yellow flower with orange highlights surrounded by a thorny sapel.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and many golden pedicel.
the flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted and ruffled.
the petals are rounded and are white,stamens are many and white in color
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has large white petals that have a very wrinkled texture.
the petals of the flower are very wrinkled, and a dull white color, and the central clusters of the flower are a vibrant orange color.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a ruffled cluster of round yellow stamen and very wrinkled white petals.

this flower has start shaped purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has 8 pink petals with yellow seeds in the middle
this eight petal flower has bright purple color petals that are surrounding a bright yellow center made up of a cluster of filaments.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with wavy oval shaped petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center.
this flower has a ring of light purple petals with notched edges and a wrinkled texture.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
a flower with tightly bundled yellow petals and green pedicel.
this yellow flower has many layers of fan shaped petals.
the beautiful colors of the red petal, green pedicel, and yellow stamen on this flower, make it a vibrant contrast.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and yellow with green pedicel.
a group of yellow flowers with a ball shape look.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of bright yellow petals atop a dark green pedicel.
there are a group of three smaller yellow flowers that seem to be coming from the same root base.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together

this pink blossom has narrow delicate petals which are curved, and very long stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have thin pink filaments.
this flower has purple petals and green pedicel as its main feature
this flower has petals that are [ink and very thin
the flowers have thin long pink petals with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are thin
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curly and wavy.
this flower has very long pink stamen surrounded by thin curly petals that are also pink in color.
a flower with light pink curled back petals surrounding a cluster of purple stamen.

the flower has petals that are pink with pink stigma and yellow filaments.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with a long styke
this pink flower has small green sepals and a protruding pollen tube
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
a star shaped purple flower with a long stigma with a gold tip.
this flower has pink petals, with a red pistil and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stamen
the flower has five bright pink fan shaped pedals with a tall pink stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has a tall pink pistil and bright pink petals.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this white bell-shaped flower is all on petal.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this is an all white flower with a yellow stigma and a green pedicel.
this white funnel shaped flower appears to be all one petal with a yellowish green tubular center and is on a plant with hairy stems.
the petals are white and ruffley with yellow in the center where the pistil is.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
flower with green pedicel, very small curved green sepals, 5 white petals with yellow-green origins, petals radiate from center outward as somewhat cone shape.
this flower has a white funnel-like petal with light green accents.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
flower with small yellow rounded petals, flat stamen and tiny stigma barely visible.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the flower has large yellow petals that are orange in the center.
this flower has one row of round yellow gradiated petals and orange stamens.
the small flower is bright yellow in color and is attached to a thin green stem.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has small and very smooth orange-yellow petals with straight edges.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are yellow and fairly large with red markings
the flower has long, tapered orange petals trimmed in pale yellow.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow trim
this flower has very distinctive orange petals with an uneven yellow border.
this flower has yellow petals that have a splash of orange at the center of each floppy leaf.
this flower has yellow and orange rounded petals that fold down over each other
this flower has long, drooping petals that are orange with yellow tips.
this multicolored flower has orange petals with yellow edges and a droopy shape.

this white flower has pale colored stigma. there is one large outside petal.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
a bright white flower with white filament and yellow anther.
the white circular flower has white filaments with yellow tips growing from a thick green stem.
this trumpet shaped bloom has 5 large white petals tapering to a green sepal supported by thick green stems.
the white petals curl at the edges and form a shallow vase shape around white and yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
this flower has a papery, white petal and white stamen and anthers.
a beautiful white flower with petals curved under and tan stamen and stigma sticking out from the middle.

a small flower with angular shaped yellow and red petals, small yellow stamen and green stigma.
this flower has thick yellow and orange petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals in the shape of bells and are white and red
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this is a yellow flower with a red center of the flower.
a flower with white petals and red towards the stamen.
this flower has large pale yellow petals with ruffled edges and bright red centers.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has yellow petals with a red patch in the middle
this flower has white pointed petals with a red center.

this leafy flower has big yellow pedals that have a bright orange center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a flowery stigma
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this yellow flower has large petals with a reddish orange center.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a center that is orange.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pink near the base of the ovary.
the white and yellow flower petals flourishes the melon pollen tube and stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
this flower has big yellow petals with a red ovary and a very large yellow pistil.
this is a yellow flower that turns red toward the receptacle and has a yellow pistil.

leaves are green in color,petals are white in clor with a ayellow patch
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have a star in the center.
the petals of the flower are white in color with a yellow center and large green leaves.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming a disc like shape
this flower has wide and rounded white petals and a star shaped yellow center.
this flower has five yellow and white petals that have a star shape.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the flower has round soft petals that are white, yellow, and brown.

the flower shown has a large yellow pistil with white and pink petals
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl like shaped inner layer and outermost layer is forming disc like shape
the petals of this flower are white with pink tips.
this flower has petals that are white with pink shading and yellow stigma
this flowers yellow center is surrounded by upturned layers of white petals with pointed pink tips.
this flower has a wide yellow pistil in the center of ascending cupped layers of white petals with pink tips.
this flower has white petals with light yellow tips and a bright yellow stamen.
this simple flower has a bright yellow stamen and is complimented with pale white petals with pink tips.
this flower has long tapered white petals with very pale pink tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

a pink flower with curled petals and a large pink pollen tube.
the flower shown has purple petals which is its dominant feature
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
these flowers have lavender petals and lavender stamen in the center of them.
this pale pink flower has five broad petals (with darker pink thin lines extending from base to tip) surrounding a short pink pistil that is covered with pollen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower has a thick pink pistil and light pink oblong petals with darker stripes.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has a bright pink coloring with white around the edges and in the center.
a cluster of 5 bright pink petals fading to whit in the very enter and white on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with white edges
this flower is punk and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the flowers have petals that are tipped with white and are pink in color.
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
these flowers have bright pink/purple petals with white on the edges and middle.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
these flowers have white spikes on the edges of the fuschia petals

this flower has five large and wide petals in bright red with very round edges.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has five large red petals surrounding three yellow tamens in the center.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are red.
red colored flower pedals with yellowish stigma and pollen tube showing
this flower has five smooth red petals shaped like pumpkins and little yellow stamen in the center.
the petals are bright red with dark red stripes near the yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has thick green stamen and purple fringe surrounded by wide pale purple petals with pointed tips.
the stamen are seen and are green in color and the petals are purple.
the flower shown has green pollen tubes which are its dominant feature
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stringy stamen
this flower has purple petals with wavy white and purple filaments.
the flower has a large green pollen tube with purple sepal supporting it.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are stringy and purple, the pistil is green, and so is the pedicel
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are dark pink with white stigma.
this flower has heart shaped purple bracts, arranged in threes, from which small, white trumpet shaped flowers emerge at the center.
the flower has purple outer petals and white inner petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with flowery stigma
this flower has three leaf shaped purple petals that surround the longer white pistil.
a purple flower with many smaller white flowers embedded in it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small and oval shaped.
this flower has very tiny white petals in a wheel-like formation.

the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has a lot of burgundy petals with brown spots on the petals
a pink flower with layers on narrow and pointed petals with purple stamen.
this flower has purple pistil and pink petals as its main features
this flower has many slender long petals that are pink speckled with white around pink and white stamen.
the big flower is beautiful with dark pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner around a bunch of red stamens
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted white.
this flower has petals that are red and has purple stamen
the flower has pink stamen and several pink oval petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow and are stringy
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of very thin hairlike fringed yellow petals.
the flower shown has yellow petals and a bright yellow anthers as its main feature.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
the flower has a prominent yellow pistil with many anthers
bright yellow multiple rows of needle shaped pedals with yellow stamen and stigma.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by layers of hair-like thin yellow fringe.
this bright yellow flower has pointed petals and yellow orange stamen.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and are very small in size.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy

this flower has petals that are pink with many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with layers and yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple on the tips and turn white closer to the pistil.
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower has a wide yellow pistil and layers of oblong pink petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.

the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming bowl shape in different layers
this flower has multiple layers of light yellow long rounded petals that get darker yellow toward the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
the petals of this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has large white petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are light green and yellow
this white flower sits on top of a smooth lily pad and has large white petals that extend outward.
this flower has ascending layers of white oblong petals with thick yellow stamen at their center.

the flower shown has a thin white petal with a green pedicel
a flower with on large tubular white striped petal and haired sepals.
the flowe petals are rounded in shape and is green white in color
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have small veins.
white trumpet shaped petals with light green vertical lines on each petal and a green sepal.
this white flower has ruffled petals extending from its deep center.
this flower has a white trumpet shaped petal with faint green lines showing in the creases.
the petals on this flower are mostly soft white in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has what looks to be one large petal that completely surrounds the pollen tube, it is all white with stripes of green coming from the receptacle.
this flower has white petals with green lines in the middle

the flower has petals that are dark purple and one petal has a yellow center.
the flower shown has bright purple petals with patches of yellow
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this pretty flower has purple corolla that has yellow color in the center, and has white stigma and anthers.
this flower has small purple petals with yellow and darker markings as well as white pistils.
the purple petals have dark purple stripes and the petal is yellow near the white stamen.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are purple and yellow and they have stripes
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center

this flower has petals that are white and folded upwards
this flower is bright white with pointy white petals that go in different directions.
white pedals with dark green and light green leaves
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has smooth white petals as its main feature
this flower has sparse white petals and lots of large dark green leaves.
this flower has white and thin petals that fold up together
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
a flower with white petals and large green leaves.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.

a flower with white petals and a large light yellow stigma in the center.
this flower has a single white petal and a single yellow style protruding.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow style
the petals on this flower are purple with a yellow pistil.
this flower has a thick yellow pistil wrapped in a white petal which is thick and smooth and has one sharply pointed tip.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow style
a dull gray shiny flower with a long dull yellow stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.
a flower with a large petal that is blue and surrounds the pollen tube.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and a thick white petal with pointed tip.

the petals of the flower are red in color and have a center that is made of yellow anthers.
this flower has red petals which overlap and many yellow stamen.
these blossoms are reddish orange with yellow anthers and brown-maroon stigma.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is bright orange red with a single layer of petals and center yellow stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are red colored.
this flower has a short clump of yellow stamen surrounded by layers of oblong red petals.
the petals of the flower are red in color with a middle full of yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has large white petals with no visible outer stamen
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
the flowers have five petals each that are oval and white.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five large, smooth white petals with slightly pointed tips and yellow centers.
this flower has smooth oblong petals with slightly curled edges that are white with yellow coloring.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the white and yellow petals form a star shape and the pedicel is light brown.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thick white and yellow petals with a light green pedicel.

this is a white flower with cupping petals.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are curved inward.
this large curvy waxy white flower has tear shaped petals and green stripes.
this flower has multiple layers of sail-shaped, white petals, some of which contain light green sections.
a bulb type flower with white petals that point up and cover the stamen and inner flower.
a floweer with white petals and a few light yellow petals.
this flower has layers of upturned white petals which are wide with tapered tips.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pointed white petals and has green shading
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow towards the centers.
the flower shown has white and yellow petals which are its main feature
a 5 petaled flower that appears to have been twisted. no stigma or stamen present
this flower has petals that are white and in a spiral shape
the flower has petals that fold inward are are white in color.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a purple pedicel.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and yellow.
the petals of the flower form a distinctive starfish shape, and have various shades of white, yellow, and orange.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has smooth petals arranged in a spiraling fashion that are white and yellow in color.

a flower with large tubular individual petal which has white and pink spots on its interior and green sepal.
the blooms of the flower are made of petals that are pink in color.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the flower has purple petals tubular shaped with white spots on them
this flower has long purple petal with spots on the inside of it
this flower has wide tube-like blossoms of bright pink with curling, rounded mouths.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
this flower has a group of pink bell shaped petals.
a group of velvet and white flowers with black dots.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and spotted on the inside.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a small stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this is a flower with yellowish orange petals accompanied by yellow pistils slightly showing.
sepals are rounded and white in color,petals are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are laege.
the petals are orange-gold and are facing upward and the sepals are small and green.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this bell shaped flower appears to have four petals which are yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded.

this flower is trumpet shaped with a light pink petal and green sepal.
this flower has a tubular shaped petal that is light pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and bell shaped
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has light pink petals and a bell shape.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a bell shape
this trumpet shaped flower has purple petals and long green leaves at the sepal.
this flower has small green sepals holding a much larger bell shaped purple petal.
this flower is a long open trumpet shape of light pink with rounded edges.

the petals on this flower are orange with white stamen.
this flower has overlapping orange petals which are smooth with rounded edges.
petals are rounde in shape,they are orange and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
a yellow small flower has some orange lines inside the flower and alternating green leaves
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
two young flowers are ripening next to an older, orange one.
a flower that is short and wide and dark yellow.

this petals on this flower are are orange with a purple pistil.
this flower has several very pointed petals in yellow and blue.
the flower shown has green sepal with a blue and orange petals which are pointy
this flower is yellow, blue, and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this odd looking flower has a green stem that bends to one side and the petals look like a bird in flight, with one purple elongated petal and two yellow pointed elongated petals attached to it like wings.
this flower has long pointy leaves and yellow and blue pointy petals.
this flower has a large green pedicel and a few long narrow yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has three long pointy yellow orange petals and one long purple pistil.
this flower has orange petals that are tall with pointed tips.

there are two distinct sets of petals. the bottom layer is a darker shade of pink, while the upper layer consists of a light pink. there are 5 rows of petals on both rows.
this flower has two layers of pink petals and many yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals, yellow anther and white filament, and green sepal.
this star shaped flower has a bottom row of pink arrow shaped petals that are beneath lighter pink rounded petals and a thickly clustered mass of yellow filaments and anthers.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the white peddles are beautiful and long white yellow stamen are awesome and big purple overys.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a beautiful flower with white and purple petals and yellow stamen
a flower with out petals that are pointed and purple.

this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
this flower has a tiny white center blossom surrounded by triangular hot pink petals which are leaflike and veined.
this flower has only a few dark pink pointed petals with miniature flowers in the middle with stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
outer petakls are larger and pink in color,inner petals are white and small er
this flower has pink petals with white and flowery stamen
a deep purple flower with a white center that is small.
these flowers are hot pink with tiny yellow stamen in the middle of them.
a pink flower with pink pollen tube and stamen and the leaves are green
this flower has large, bright purple petals and bright purple stamens.

this flower has petals that are white with shades of purple
this flower has large and long white petals which are smooth with accents of vivid purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
what i love about this flower is the subtle hint of pink/fushia colors in its petals.
sepals are green in color,outer petals are white in color,inner are white purple
this flower has a trumpet shaped center petal that is white with purple patches and it is surrounded by other solid white petals.
a flower with white petals and green pedicel and leaves
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has smooth white petals with purple markings as well.

the flower shown has red petals with red filament and anther as well
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower is pinkish red in color, with tight clusters of petals, and has many serrated leaves.
the flower has a patch of red petals that are square shaped.
this dark pink flower grows in large clusters, with green leaves and prominent stamen.
characterized by broad rosy peach colored petals with even larger broad leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the coral petals are clustered around small, coral colored stamen.
this flower has many heads grouped together with bright pink petals and stamen.
this flower has orange petals and a bright green pedicel

this red flower has vibrant petals with black on their tips.
the flower presented has many red petals with green sepals
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
there are many deep red leaves crowned by large deep green sepals.
this flower has long pointy red leaves with slightly darker tips
this flower has petals that are red and has pointed tips
a large pedaled flower that is red in color and has green leaves attached.
this flower has layers of very long pointy tipped red petals that get smaller the closure they get to the pistil.
this flower has numerous layers of bright red petals that all long and pointed at their tips.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has small skinny petals that are yellow, and there are yellow anthers in the middle
this flower has round overlapping fringed layers of hairlike, thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
purple sepals,brown outer petals and yellow needle shaped inner petals
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
a large yellow flower with many thing flower petals surrounding a cluster of short stubby stamen.
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals.
this flower is a light yellow color, with many petals radiating outwards.
this flower has a round yellow center surrounded by layers of thin fringe-like yellow petals.

this bright orange flower has long, oval shaped petals and the color transitions to yellow towards the center.
the flower has orange petals with a yellow stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has narrow orange petals that are lighter toward the center and numerous yellow anthems that create a broad center.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored and oval shaped.
the many long petals form a round flower that's bright yellow in the center and gradates to bright orange around the outside.
this flower has different layers of bright orange oblong petals.
this flower has small orange petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this beautiful flower has several rows of long, thin orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

a small blue flower with white anther filaments and pistils.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are shaped like a bell.
this light blue cornet shaped flower has petals joined into one segment.
the petals on this flower are light purple with a distinct star pattern throughout.
the flower has purple petals that grow from a green pedicel.
this blue and white flower has rounded petals and a white pistil.
this is a light blue flower with one large petal that turns white toward the receptacle.
a flat light blue flower with a cream colored center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white center
a periwinkle flower with overlapping petals that form a cone, and heart-shaped leaves on a vine.

this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this orange flower is arising from the thick sepal and holding the petals with the black pistil at the side
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has petals that are pointed and bright orange.
this flower has long blade like petals which are orange in color and a purple style all enclosed in a green sepal
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has long orange petals with sharp pointed edges.
a unique looking flower with orange and black petals coming from a green stem
this flower has orange upright petals that have pointed tips.
this flower has large, very thick and very spiky petals in shades of vivid orange and indigo.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white under a layer of pale yellow petals and yellow stamen.
the flower shown has white and yellow petals with yellow pistil which are its dominant features
a yellow and white star shaped flower with darker yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a flowery stigma
this flower has thin white petals on the outer portion with yellow petals towards the center with a cluster of yellow stamen.
the filaments and anthers are prominent, rising above delicate yellow and white petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petal that is yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has large white petals and a light green pedicel on it
the flower has green sepal and a white petal with green on its inner parts
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals with ruffled edges.
this small trumpet-shaped blossom, with fringing around the five protruding edges, is a very pale yellow with delicate veining inside, and many tiny hairs on the darker yellow stem of the blossom.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
the petals on this flower are mostly peach white, freckled green is the color of the stamen.
this flower has five conjoined white petals with green veins and ruffled edges.
a flower with connected petals that curl outward and are white.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has bright white petals with purple filaments and purple anthers.
this flower has wide rounded pale green petals and a hair-like fringe of purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has long light green petals under needle like lavender white and purple petals.
this flower has long light green petals under needle like lavender white and purple petals.
this flower has long light green petals under needle like lavender white and purple petals.

the flower shown has yellow petals and yellow anther with a green pedicel
this bright yellow flower has four curved petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has bright yellow petals and stamen and light green pedicel.
this cool flower houses yellow petals and slightly darker stamen.
this flower has a whitish-green pedicel with four bright yellow slightly upturned petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has smooth yellow petals with round edges attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are fan shaped and lift up in bright yellow.
a flower with yellow wing like petals that surround yellow stamen.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are dark around the edges.
the flower has petals that are in a trumpit shape and that are pink.
this delicate looking flower has large, rounded petals with a trumpet like shape.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow center
this flower has five large petals which are pink with brighter pink edging.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the pedicel on this flower is thick but the pink flower petals are paper thin and open in the sun and close in the night.
this pink flower has five rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, with horn shaped petals.
this flower has bright pink petals that come in to form a sort of bell.

a prominent green stigma,yellow many stamens and light pink petals
this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink
multi colored petals with many bright yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has light pink petals and yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has white pointed petals with a outline in pink with green filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower has white petals with light pink on its edges, a green ovary, and yellow stamen.
there is a single ring of large pink and white petals fading into brown and green in the center and a large cluster of light yellow stamen.
this flower has five wide, rounded white petals with ruffled pink edges.
this flower has pink, white and green petals a large cluster of yellow and green stamen clustered around a yellow-green central pistil.

the flower has petals that are thick, smooth with a pointy tip and red in color
this flower is stacked high with many pink petals, the sepal are the same pink color
a flower tower with petals that are red and stacked on top of each other.
an all red flower with thick and pointy red petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically stacked.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a chevron of vertical red petals which are thick and waxy.
this flower has thick, shiny red petals that layer on top of one another.
pointy red petals sit atop each other on this bright colored flower.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upward together

this is a colorful flower with dark pink petals and a yellow center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are heart shaped.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner in single layer
a flower with large pink petals which have yellow central spots and a cluster of yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow center
this flower has bright pink and bright yellow petals with a yellow pistil.
this flower has pink and yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
the petals on this flower are pink and the pistil is yellow
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and a red and green pedicel.

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a central white blossom surrounded by large pointed red petals which are veined and leaflike.
this flower has petals that are red with a flowery stamen
the petals on this flower are orange with a small white flower as well.
this flower has three leaf shaped red petals that surround the long white tipped pistil.
this flower has very large bright red sepals with small white petals.
this flower has large and thin pale red petals with a white stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are red and has flowery stigma
this flower has petals that are red and has flowery stigma

the flower shown has yellow anther with pink filament and petals
this pink flower has overlapping petals and yellow florets growing in the middle.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are dark near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigma
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big stigma
this flower has overlapping light pink petals and a deep red stamen.
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft and arranged separately around red pistil that has yellow stamen at its tip
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has five slightly overlapping rounded pink ruffled petals.

this flower has 3 top white petals and 3 lower petals that curve inwards, protecting the stamen and pistil.
this flower has a fluffy cloudy shape with white overlapping petals.
this white-petaled flower has a yellowish pistil area and grows in bunches.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded and thin.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are bright white colored.
the petals are round and white with yellow stigma in the center.
this flower has wide rounded and very smooth white petals and accents of yellow and purple at the mouth.
these flowers have round petals and yellow stamen and pistils
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches

this pink and white flower has a rounded yellow stigma surrounded by yellow filament.
the flower's petals are white fading into pink at the tips, the stamen bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are this flower has petals that are white with pink edges
this flower has petals that are white with pink tips and yellow center.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has white petals with light purple tips and a large yellow stamen.
a white and pink flower with a yellow cluster of stamen at it's center.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen surrounded by white petals with pale, pointed pink tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are white and a yellow stigma

the petals on this flower are very large and purple in color
this flower has thick purple petals as its main feature.
this symmetrical bloom has three large petals that bend downwards and three large petals that bend upwards.
this flower has petals that are purple with short stamens
this flower is lavender in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled edges
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has purple frilly petals, some standing up and some curling down.
this flower has very long, flat purple petals with fringes at the end.
this flower has wide and delicately veined purple petals with ruffled edges.

sepals are green,petals are yellow in color and are folded
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has pale yellow petals and green toothed leaves.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower has pale yellow petals that extend from a deep green pedicel.
there are yellow pedals overlapping and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has prominent green pointed sepals underneath layers of tightly wrapped yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is folded together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
so what makes this flower so special is it flamingo colored like petals
stamens are longer with darl anthers,petals are red in color
this flower has hot pink stamen surrounded by five wide long fuchsia petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
pink filament with white anther rest inside the bright pink petals.
this flower has bright pink petals in a star configuration.
delicate bright pink star pattern petals with long pink stamen strands.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

this brightly colored flower has sharp-edged red leaves which catch water for the plant's later use.
this flower has long pointy red petals that peel away from the center in layers.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower has petals that are shiny and red with green pedicel.
this flower is red and white in color, with shiny and pointed petals.
this flower has pointy thin red petals with a green pedicel.
narrow bright red arrow shaped sepals layered with red narrow flowers with white tips protruding.
this flower has bright red petals that are long and spiky in shape.
this flower has red petals with many layers and has green patches

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the tips.
the flower has petals that are upright and pink with dark pink tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower has several upturned layers of wide, pointed pink petals.
the petals are a pink ombre and are pointed upwards away from large green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.,
this flower has pink and white petals atop a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has long pink petals with purple tips and a green stem.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a center that is yellow.
this flower has large orange petals and short orange stamen on it in the middle
the flower has four yellow petals arranged symmetrically, with yellow anthers on the sides.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
beautiful bright yellow flower with four petals arranged alternate pattern
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has wide and rounded petals in hues of pale buttery orange.
this flower has 4 bright yellow petals and a series of stigma sticking all around.
this flower has round and yellow petals with light orange stamen

this white petal has oval-shaped petals that end in a point, lines on the petals, and yellow powderish center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has long separate radiating white petals and a furry yellow center
the petals of the flower are a light blue in color and are rather long and narrow while the stamen is round and golden-yellow in color.
this flower has bright white petals and a yellow middle part
this flower has a round yellow center and long rounded white petals.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a blue flower with yellow disc floret bud and the pedicel are green
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and slightly drooping.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the petals of this flower are white and purple with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with purple shading
a flower with five white poitned petals and one ragged purple petal
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has smooth and wide petals in very pale lavender with a bright purple accent near the mouth area.
this pretty lavendar flower has lavendar petals and a dark purple inner section.
a flower with long, pointed, and narrow petals that are white.
this white star-shaped flower has 5 pointed petals and a large purple pistil with white stamen coming out of it.
this flower is mostly white and its bottom petal is purple.
this flower has petals that are white and has patches of purple

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
dark pink petals green leaves brown branch
the long, thin pink petals of this flower surround and protect its stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has several large light pink petals that are long, and pointy.
this flower has long and what appears to be hard and solid looking pink red petals that are bunched up hiding the stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and ate folded upwards
a flower with cupped pink petals protruding from a green pedicel.
this flower has long pink petals that are oriented in an upright position.

this flower has white pointed petals and no visible stigma
this flower has several upturned layers of white petals with tapered tips.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow steman
the petals of the flower are thin and pointy, and they have different tones of yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
petals are a delicate pale yellow in contrast to the vibrant golden stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has many layers
this flower has upturned layers of pale yellow petals with pointed tips.
this flower has longer white to yellow petals surrounding a yellow pistil.

this flower has petals that are purple with white patches
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
small purple flowers with purple petals and purple stamen.
the flower is pink and has fused petals forming a bell like shape and has spots in the inner portion
a violet bell shaped flower with red spots on the inside of the petals.
this flower has a round trumpet shape and a wide mouth in shades of pink.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this series of pink flowers faces downward and is in the shape of a bell.
this flower has many purple, bell-shaped blooms and the interior of each is spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

this flower is two tone with purple and white petals and a yellow pistil
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals on the flower or both white and purple.
this flower has petals that are white with patches of purple
the flower has purple and white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has soft yellow and lavender petals with brown specks in the center of them.
this flower has different petals, some of which are mainly white with a little yellow towards the center, and some that are white towards the center and purple towards the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has black lines
this purple, white, and yellow flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has purple-tipped white petals with black marks near the receptacle.

the lavender petals are flowing outward with green leaves at the base of the stem.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the extra long petals of the tree blossom are lavender on the top a much deeper purple on the bottom.
this flower has lavender tapered leaves surrounded by green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and split apart from each other
this is a purple flower with long petals that flex upward.
this flower has long thin, round-edged pink petals and very shiny green leaves.
this flower has large pink and white petals that look thick in appearance.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and are folded upwards
this flower has massive lavender colored petals that are oddly shaped.

this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long thin white petals.
the flower has many white petals surrounding the yellow anther
flower has petals that are white and narrow and a yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals are thin and white and are centered around a mound of yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly white, and yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower has a single layer of long white petals in a ring formation.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white.
the long, white petals form a circular disk around a cluster of golden colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the flower is red with petals that are soft, separated and surrounding the stamen that has white anthers
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
small flower with ruffled red petals and multiple white stamen in the middle
the flower has petals that are dark red with white stamen.
this flower has thick red petals as its main feature.
this flower has bright red petals with a pale yellow stigma.
this flower has red petals that have small white stamen
this particular flower has petals that are circular and red
the petals of the flower are a bright red color, and the stamens are a yellow color.
these flowers have red petals and a white stamen in the center.

this flower has petals that are white with pink shading
a pink and white flower with think stamen and pointed petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the beautiful flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens that are yellow
the petals of this flower are white and pink with a long stigma
large yellow stamen are located in the center of the pink and yellow petals which are pointy in shape
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of petals, gradating in color from a soft pink on the outside to a silky white in the middle, to a soft yellow at the core.
this flower has a center of bright yellow stamen surrounded by rows of white and pink petals.

this flower has purple petals, and a lot of purple stamen with purple anthers
this wide flower is purple in color and has a very dark color in the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the bottom layer is made of petals that are white in color and the middle is purple.
this flower is fully bloomed and has a variety of purple flowing throughout its petals.
this flower features bright purple and white petals with very tall pistil and stamen.
this flower has green stamen, white and purple anther filaments and white petals.
this flower has a tall green pistil and stamen in the center of a layer of purple filaments and white oblong petals.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner below the disc of curly purple stamens
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen

this flower has petals that are orange with a big yellow stigma
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has a prominent orange and yellow pistil surrounded by five large orange petals with rounded edges.
this beautiful has a orangish color with green petals
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this is a pink flower with a prominent pistil with yellow stamens.
a red large flower and a long stigma that is yellow.
this red flower has pointed petals and a red stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape with veins.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma

this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this flower has small red pointed petals stacked ontop of eachother.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and are red in color.
this flower has petals that are stacked and bright red.
this flower has petals that are red and are crumpled together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has a thick vertical pattern of short, tapered red petals.
this flower has a thin column of layered petals that are oblong shaped and red colored.
this is a long bright red flower with pedals at angle.

the flower has a large white ovary and sharp petals that are red in color.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals on this flower are mostly red but gradate to white at the base and are pointy at the top; the center is white and cone shaped.
spiky red petals surrounding a lavender center, including stigma and stamen.
this strange looking flower has long thing red petals around its large center.
this flower has tall spiky red petals in a ring configuration.
this flower has red long petals with sharp edges and white stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red points
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed.

this flower has numerous green stamen with white anthers surrounded by overlapping rounded white petals.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with peach anther and green filament
this flower has white wide petals and olive green leaves.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this yellowish white flower with overlapping wide petals has a bunch of green stamens bunched together, with eggshell-colored, bilateral anthers.
the flower has four white petals with green filaments, and cream colored anthers.
this flower has white broad petals an a large number of stamen.
this flower has pale yellow flowers with rounded petals surrounding a cluster of green filaments and light yellow anthers.

this flower has one white round petal with off white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow center
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this small white flower has a single layer of white petals that are tinted yellow at it's core.
a flower with wide petal that is connected and is white with yellow center.
this white and yellow flower has triangular petals and white stamen.
this flower has small white petals, a yellow center, and white stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

this beauty has pink and yellow petals with a small yellowish brownish stamen.
the pretty flower has pale orange petals with yellow at its center.
a flower with numerous petals and with a yellow center
the flowers have petals that are layered and are light pink and yellow in color.
this flower contains several layers of peach elongated petals surrounding a yellow ovary.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has ascending layers of small oblong petals that are yellow and pink in color.
a flower that has long and narrow petals that are pale pink.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
a flower with light orange petals and goes yellow towards the middle.

the petals of this flower are a great withe. the stems have a slight green mixed in.
this flower has thin pointy white petals and wild stamens
the many think white petals of this flower encircle the many white pointy stamen.
light white and green flower with sepals that spread.
this white flower has thin petals that look pointed and small thin wispy stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has long thin white petals with green at the very tip.
the petals of this flower are long and white and the pedicel is green
this flower has long and very thin, pointy-tipped white petals with small white center blossoms.
this bloom has straight green petals and features large anthers on long pink filaments.

this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower is unique for its petals that looks like pomegranate.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has pink and purple petals that turn downwards.
the petals on this flower are purple with pink dots.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is a downward facing cup of a dull red with pink splotches.
this flower has long, drooping purple petals with white spots.
this flower has purple closed petals that are hanging from a green pedicel.

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and white with yellow stamen
this flower has a red and white color scheme on its petals with yellow anthers.
on the flower the first row of petals are bright pink and the second row is light pink.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
a flower with a base layer of 5 star shaped red petals and a second layer above that of five pink petals that surrounding a cluster of yellow stamen and anther filament.
this flower has deep pink sepals with pointed tips and very small white petals with pink circles on them.
this flower has an outer layer of red petals and an inner level of white petals
the petals of this flower are red and white and the pistil is yellow
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower is has a checkered color scheme that is pink and purple.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has wide purple petals with pointed tips and an intricate pattern of mottling.
the petals on this flower are purple with pink dots.
there are purple and white mottled long oval petals in a cup shape with no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and curved downward.
this unusual flower has a purple and pink color with green long stems
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has dark purple overlapping petals with lighter purple spots on them.

the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
white petals purple in the bottom yellow middle green leaves
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this predominantly white flower has a trace of purple along the underside of the petals and its pistil is yellow.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has a yellow center and smooth, upturned white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are just opening.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma
this flower is a white!

the petals are round, layered and are red. the stamen is green.
petals are green and red in color,with a prominent green stamen and pistil
the flower has red petals and a green and yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with a big green style
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has big red petals and the pistil is tube like
a flower with one petal that surrounds a pollen tube.
a heart shaped flower with one large shiny red petal surrounding a light green stamen.
this flower has orange and red petals with a green stamen and dark green large leaves.

this flower has green pistil and small rose petals as its main features
a cluster of peach colored flowers with no visible pistils or anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has multiple layers of reddish peach colored petals.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has small and waxy petals in a shade of pale red.
this flower has mall red petals and small red stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

this flower has purple petals with white tips on them and long stamen that are purple
longer white stamens,light pink and white petals
this flower has ruffled, slightly overlapping petals of purple with white edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with white around the edges
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has ruffled overlapping petals of pale purple with white edges.
a vibrant flower with lavender and white tipped petals adorned with an array of long anthers.
this flower has 5 light pink petals independent of one another and white tips.
a flower with short and wide petals that are purple with white edging.

this flower has petals that are dark pink and white stigma.
the flower has pink outer petals that are larger in size with smaller white colored inner petals
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
the flower shown has purple sepal with white petals and yellow anther
this flower has a bright purple petal with small white stigmas
this flower is pink and white in color, with very small star shaped petals.
several maroon sepals below small white pedal flowers with yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are brigh tpink.
this flower has bright pink leaves with veins surrounding tiny white blossoms.
this is a flower with large pink petals and small white flowers.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a purple flower with green anthers and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stringy stamen
the flower is arranged in layers and has filaments that are purple in color.
pedicel is green in color,outer petals are larger than inner petals
this flower has long oblong purple petals underneath a layer of curly purple filaments.
this flower has white petals with hairy stamen in the center of it.
this flower has down-turned rounded petals with a frizzed fringe of purple hairs.
the flower has several light purple petals with an oddly shaped green pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen

the petals on this flower are pink with orange stamen.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
what i like about this flower is its acorn looking stigma
round pink flowers with large cone shaped centers and dark green folage.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has a spiky brown center and down-turned long pink petals.
this flower has thin pink petals and a cone-shaped pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a large flower with purple petals that surround a large orange ovary.
this flower has long and slightly pointed purple petals in a ring configuration.

this flower is peach in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has a very wide center surrounded by several layers of pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow steman
this medium white and pink flower has curved waxy petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has pink pointy petals and a center that has a lot of yellow stamen and white anthers
there are many peach colored petals that are long and narrow which surround a large cluster of filaments that are folded over and gather in the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has peach petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has many slender petals of light orange around a large center.
this particular flower has petals that are white and light red

this flower has petals that are orange and yellows and shaped like spheres.
this flower has bright yellow to orange petals among green leaves.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
an orange and yellow flower with little tightly wrapped petals surround the stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven in shape and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a round mound of tiny, ruffled orange petals.
the petals of the flower are clustered, and a bright orange color.

this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have a thick yellow pistil.
the petal of this flower is round and pink and the pollen tube is orange
this flower has petals that are red with orange styles
leaves are green,petals are pink in color with a prominent pistil
a flower with wide petal that wraps around the pollen tube.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this pink flower has a heart shaped petal and a pink and yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big yellow style
this flower has a tall orange pistil and a large pink petal.

a flower with one large white circular petal and three other yellow folded ones.
this flower has yellow and purplish petals, a yellow stigma, a white pollen tube, and a green pedicel.
the flower petals are white in color with larger yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are yellow and white with short stigma
a flower with a long and wide petal that is white.
this flower has white petals that have black and yellow lines
this flower has a large white petal on one side and 3 yellow smaller petals on the opposite.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has rounded white petals which are wide and very smooth.

the petals of the flower are thin and red in color with a green stem.
the petals are long and thin and not organized, with pointy endings.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this strange looking flowers has red long petals with spikes
this flower has a spiked bulb topped with long curled tube-like red petals.
this flower has long pink petals with tips that curl upwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
this flower has long, thing pink petals with thin, white stamen.

a flower with no visible petals and purple pistils in the center.
this flower has petals in the shape of a ball and are very thorny
this flower has long purple stamen and no visible petals in sight
this flower has a spiky bulbous mound from which protrudes a hairy fringe of bright purple petals.
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has pointed petals with spikes all over them attached to green pedicels.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
the flowers is made like a ball with sticky points on them
this flower has a dome-like configuration of very thin spiky purple petals.

this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has flowing white petals which twist and overlap and no visible pistil.
this flower has many large, white petals that are creased in the middle and have round edges with no visible stamen or pollen tube.
the flower's white, wavy rounded petals droop down, mostly obscuring the also downward-facing central features.
the petals of the large flower are white in color with a green stem.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has ruffled edges
this white flower has different shaped white petals growing loosely above a thick stem.
this flower is characterized by its layered, white, wavy petals as well as its dark green pedicel.
this flower has all white petals with rounded edges and a slightly wrinkled texture.

a bulb beige stigma accompanied by triangular white shaped smooth petals.
a white flower with five petals fused at the base to form a bowl-like structure that holds yellowish pistil.
the pretty flower has large with petals that look like some kind of horn.
the flower has a narrow tube, but widens into a flared mouth, and has green sepal and white petal
the petals are bright white and the pistil is prominently on display.
five white pointed petals with a white pistil make up this flower.
this flower has thin green pedicel and a five-pointed star shaped blossom with smooth white petals.
this flower has five white pointed petals with a center stamen of light yellow.
a beautiful flower with white petals and a white stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has a small style

the flower has petals that are pink with yellow filament.
a flower with large crimped pink petals and central cluster of black and yellow stamen.
the flower is pink with petals that are smooth and arranged in a single layer of disc and has clustered stamen at their centre
a wide open faced pink pedals with a yellow stigma.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
the bright pink petals flow away from the vivid yellow anther.
this flower has a yellow center and wide, long pink petals.
this flower has large pink petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pinkish purple petals with rippled edges and yellow and black stamen.

the flower is pinkish red with petals that are soft and starting as fused petal near the sepal and flaring out as separate petals at the outer region
a flower with bright pink petals with orange center and creme white stamen cluster
leaves are green in color,flower is light red in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with a yellow center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this bright pink flower has five rounded petals of uniform size, a large dark striped gold ovule, and a yellow, open stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower has red colored petals that surround a stamen of red.
this flower has a trumpet-shaped petal with bright pink coloring and an orange ovary.

a flower that has a very feint pink tone on the petals, with a tan center
this flower has petals that are pale peach with white anthers.
the flower has smooth white petals as well as white anther and filament
this flower has many rows of long oval shaped white petals with a cluster of yellow stamen coming out of the ovule.
this flower is light pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pretty light pink flower has an off white center.
this flower has dull pink petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has multiple rows of light pink oblong petals in a ring.
this flower has pretty cream looking petals to it with white in the middle

long, thin yellow petals with ridged edges form two layers around a cluster of short, bright yellow stamens.
the petals of this flower change from yellow bases to orange with and multi-pointed tips.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this magnificent flower has lush, yellow petals that fade to the flower's center.
the flower is yellow with petals that are smooth and has pointy tip and they are in the formation around the stamen like a disc
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow center
this flower has a yellow center and layers of thin yellow petals with serrated edges.
this flower has bright orange long petals with a notched end arranged in a ray-like formation.
many rows of slender yellow petals that are jagged on the ends.

this flower has several light pink petals, and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with red spots
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has oval petals that are pink with darker pink spots.
this flower has pink overlapping petals an red dots on the petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has one petal that is spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.
this flower has beautiful pink petals with yellow anthers and filaments.
a pink flower with multiple layers of petals that have dark pink speckles which surround yellow stamen.

this flower has yellow petals and a yellow pistil as its main features
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with a red center.
the disk shaped yellow flower is soft, separately arranged around pistil and also the petals has uneven surface
this flower has petals that are yellow with red patches
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red in the center.
this yellow flower features rounded, overlapping petals fading to a bright red, and a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower has textured petals and includes on stamen with many little anthers on it.
a flower with five yellow ruffled petals that circle around a tall yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a red center

bright pinkish orange flower pedals curl open towards the sun on top of a sturdy green stem.
this flower has petals in the shape of ovals and are orange with a green pedicel
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower features three ruffled rounded orange petals around a center of yellow filaments.
this large flower has few orange petals with black veins and thin blade like stamen.
this flower has short yellow sepals underneath its large bright orange petals.
the petals of this flower are orange and the stem is green.
dark orange rippled flower with three petals with brownish veins running into the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has large and wide orange-red petals sitting on top of a long pedicel.

this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by numerous long, thin white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
a flower with white petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has long thin white petals with a lot of yellow anthers in the center
long and narrow white petals with a bright yellow pistil and light brown pedicel.
this flower has long white petals with oval shaped edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the beautiful white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner around a bunch of yellow stamens
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petal that is white.

a cluster of flowers with yellow petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has small red petals that are stacked onto one another
this flower has petals that are red and very small
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are small.
this purple flower is really skinny and long, also with green leaves on the end
this flower has brown pistils with yellow stamen budding from it.
the flower has magenta colored petals that cling to a center mast, and yellow anthers.
this flower has a dark red stem holding thin, small yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red tips

the flower shown has orange and green petals with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are orange and pointed with yellow center.
the warm toned petals on this flower are pointed, and cascade toward the center of the flower.
this flower has red, white and yellow petals with green tips at the end.
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has orange pointed petals and yellow clumped pistil.
this flower has a thick yellow center and large, thick, very pointed waxy red petals.
the petals are waxy and bright orange and the sepals are bright green and waxy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is made up of two rows of pointy orange petals than three rows of yellow petals.

the petals on this flower are orange and thin with visible pistils
this flower has orange petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has a large cluster of yellow stamen surrounded by terra-cotta colored narrow petals.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant orange color, and the stamens are a dark yellow color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the petals are bright orange and almond shaped and the stamen are yellow and clustered.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a ray-like formation of small oblong orange petals around an orange disk center.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the flower has many small yellow petals with a brown colored pedicel
a flower with small yellow petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
the thin yellow petals are slightly separated from each other and have a shorter layer of thin yellow layers on top of them that are darker yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
there are thin yellow pedals radiating out from the center.
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
the petals of the flower are organized in a circle shape, and are a light yellow tone.
this flower has very many skinny bright yellow petals arranged in a circular manner.

this flower has petals that are pink with imprint lines
this purple blossom has six petals and a small pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark purple center.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have green leaves.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has bright purple petals with smooth edges and a dark ovary.
medium sized, purple petals with a purple stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stigma
this purple and blue flower has pointed petals and green sepals.

the petals of the flower are red and yellow in color and have a large green leaf.
this flower has pale yellow petals and medium purple sepals.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
a large group of red and yellow petals sprout out of the side of a broad pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has petals of yellow and a reddish purplish color.
this flower has pale red stamens holding thin and pale yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow pistil in the center
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
the flower has a large white petal that is round and thin.
the pure white petals of the flower curl outward and the stamen is yellowish-green in color.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and conjoined white petals in a rounded bell shape.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
there is a simple fat white bell shaped bloom with round petals and visible yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
the flower has one , white, bell shaped petal with yellow anthers.

the flower has a bright yellow set of petals with its stamen mostly in light green color.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the red flower petals is rounded on the ends.
the flower stamena re shorter and are white in color,petals are red in color
the flower has red petals with white anther and filament
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
flower with cluster of small red, velvety petals, short stamen filaments, short green pedicels.
this flower has dark purple receptacles in contrast to its bright red rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are red and green stamen
a flower with many smell red petals surrounding greenish white stamen.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has smooth white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
a flower with open thick white petals and a cone shaped round stigma
this flower has a bright yellow object as part of its stigma, and long delicate white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
the style, stamen tube and stigma are yellow and flat surrounded by long bright white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big yellow stigma
this flower has white petals, a yellow stamen and yellow anther filament.
the yellow stigma stands out from the pointed white petals.

the flower has petals that are orange in color with a filament that is white in color and anthers that are yellow.
this lush flower features yellow petals and wacky central stamen.
a medium sized flower with orange-tan petals and yellow stamen with a purple base.
this flower is peach and white in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
the petals are a soft peachy yellow with a burgundy throat and bright yellow anthers and white filament.
this flower has five large and rounded orange petals and a dark red center.
a pinkish yellow flower with a red center, round leaves, and white and yellow pistil and stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are light orange.
this flower is yellow, white, and pink in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has yellow petals and has a big style in the middle

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are red near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white with pink center and yellow stigma
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has big white petals with a little red and a large white pistil.
a large pedaled white flower with a red star center, and a yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and red near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma
this flower has has white petals with a deep red base on the petals and a long whit stigma with a yellow stamen.
this flower has five round white petals with a dark red center and large protruding stamen.
flower has a single long white pistil with tiny yellow anthers and a single layer of five white petals with maroon near the center.

this flower has a lot of tall orange petals and a lot of brown anthers
this flower has petals that are orange with many shirt stamen
the flower shown has orange petals as its main feature
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are long and thin, and have anthers in the center forming a circle.
this flower is orange and black in color, with very skinny oval petals.
this is a large orange flower surrounding a black pistol.
a large bloom with two layers of long narrow orange petals in a star pattern around a dark ovule covered in deep orange and red stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with black stamen
this flower has orange petals that are thin, rounded, slightly layered, are toothed on the ends and surround a dark brown center.

large ivory petals with yellow stamen and dark green pedicels.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading
the petals of this flower are white with no visible stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has a ring of broad white petals facing outwards and an inner ring of white petals oriented vertically around the stamen.
this flower has white petals that has yellow shading in the center
this white flower has five large horizontal petals and three vertical petals in the center.
an outer row of large, round white petals with an inner row of small, pointed, white petals that have a yellow stripe down the center.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and layered in design.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are upright pink and white.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
a smaller flower with white petals at the base and gradually pinker petals towards the top.
this flower has pink layered petals spread out over a layer of white petals.
the petals towards the bottom of this flower are white with the higher petals being a bright pink color.
this flower has upturned layers of pink petals with tapered tips.
this flower has multiple rows of elongated petals that are pinkish at the bottom transitioning to bright pink closer to the pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has many layers

this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow and white stigma
the pedals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has six petals that are layered and in the center is a stamen.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with white and bright red petals accompanied buy brownish pistils.
this flower has smooth multicolored petals, some of which are red with a white center stripe and others which are white with red tips
red and white petals with a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has white patches
this flower has broad red petals, some with spreading white, surrounding a long pistil.
this flower has a white and light red stamen, red and white petals and a light green stem.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this petty flower has bell shape petal that are light pink in color.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and the filament is pink with a yellow anther.
this flower has several overlapping layers of pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has pink petals that have dark pink dots, and a long white stamen
this flower has clusters of soft and ruffled petals in gradations of pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has simple anthers that are about 5 to 7 per flower, while the petals are stacked in layers and they are pink with spotted spots of darker pink.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has pale pink petals that appear to be quite thin, some with darker pink speckles on them.

a broad star shaped flower with light green petals and thing blue and yellow stamen surrounding a twirly stigma.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has green pistil and purple and white petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with long purple stamen
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are ovalshaped.
this particular flower has petals that are white and blue
this white, blue, and purple flowers has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has large white petals and a large green pistil.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with long white style
this flower is pink and white in color, with only one large petal.
the petals on this flower are pink with a white pistil.
this flower has one broad, red, waxy petal with a long, white pistil.
the petals have a waxy pink appearance. the stigma is a light yellow. the leaves are broad and have light yellow striations.
this flower has a very tall and thick white pistil sitting at the top edge of a pink heart shaped leaf.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large petal.
this bright pink flower has a single petal with a single long stigma protruding like a tongue.
a flower with one large shiny heart shaped petal encompassing a corn cob shaped stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style

this flower is pink in color, with petals that have small veins.
this bright fuchsia flower has variegated pink petals with a bright green stamen in the center and beautiful green leaves.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with green leaves.
this flower has interesting light purple petals that are almost see through.
this flower has pink petals and a large pollen tube.
the triangular shaped pink petals surround deep pink colored stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple style
this flower is made up of large magenta petals and a magenta pistel.
this flower has large bright pink petals with visible veins.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with a yellow pistil and white petals.
this flower has thick star shaped white petals as its main feature.
a white flower with narrow petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has a wide yellow center and layers of long white petals.
this flower has a round bunch of bright yellow anther and several long white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has many narrow white petals and a large area of yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower had a thick, dark green, and long pedicel which leads up to multi-layered yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled up.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this is a small flower with connected, yellow petals and a black stem.
this flower has green sepals and several over lapin yellow petals
a flower with many overlapping yellow petals that form a dome over it's stamen.
this flower has large wide yellow petals with rounded edges.
the long stem holds a beautiful bright yellow flower with overlapping curved petals.
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a black pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers

a flower with pointed white and green petals, green sepals,a nd green pedicel
petals are alternately arranged,inner are purple and the outer are green
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are darker on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with many layers
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
the flower has white oval shaped petals that are pointed on the end.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.
this flower has vertical layers of green and pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are white and are folded together upwards
the flower has pointy white petals with green sepal in several rows and a green pedicel.

this is a flower with many round dark blue petals.
the color of the flower is purple and no stamen or pistil is seen.
this flower has petals that are purple and closed together
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has rounded lantern shaped blue petals arranged vertically along it's thick stem.
blue grape shaped petals sit on top of a green pedicel.
rows of blue bulb like petals down the shaft of the green pedicel.
this flower has tiny bell-shaped blue blossoms with white ruffled mouths.
this flower has blue, bell shaped petals with white tips.
the flower has bright blue petals with white edges.

the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature shaped like bells
the flower shown has ovular purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this bell shaped flower has conjoined blue petals with rounded tips which curl slightly outwards.
this flower is purple with long tubular lightly striped petals.
petals of a violet color are bell shaped and are so closely overlapping that they appear to be one, and no stamen or style is visible.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and is bell shaped
this purple flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel and sepals.
this cluster of bell shaped dark blue flowers have edges that are turned outward on top.

a flower with small thin pale yellow petals and orange stamen cluster
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
the flower shown has several layers of skinny yellow petals.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
vibrant yellow flower with long points with a hint of gold in the center nestled in the grass.
this flower has a very large number of tiny yellow petals that are grouped together tightly.
a yellow flower with multiple strands that seem to stick straight out. it's orange like in the middle.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and closely bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

this flower has petals that are stacked, red combs.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
a flower with towering red petals all stacked in increments on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are red with ruffled texture
this flower has small red petals that are all bunched together
this flower has vertical layers of thin and ruffled red blossoms.
this flower has many clustered dark pinkish red flowers and a green pedicel
a very red flower with red clumps together and green leafs
this flower has a green sepals and a bright red pistil.

this is a small flower with many purple and white petals.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this round globe shaped flower has multiple pointed purple petals which are thin with sharp tips.
the petals of the flower are dark purple with white tints at the ends, and the petals are spiny-shaped.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has very pointy dark purple petals and a light green pedicel.
this light purple flower has many petal type structures that are small and pointy in a ball that sits on top of the pedicel.
this flower has pointed white and blue petals that form a ball shape.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy

this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has yellow and red petals with purple pistil as its main features
this flower has two layers of long slender yellow petals with orange line down each petal.
this flower has yellow and orange petals with a dark spot at the base of each petal.
a multi petal large bloom with thirteen yellow petals with red stripes down the center of each petal, a center grouping of short stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are striped in the center.
the flower has red and yellow long petals with brown seeds
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
this flower has a double row of yellow with maroon strip in the center petals.

this is a cluster of many reddish-orange flowers with their own stamins, grouped together.
the petals of the flower are red in color and appear in bunches.
these beauty has small red petals that with a small red stamen.
this flower features red petals and similarly colored interior stamen.
this flower consists of a cluster of coral flowerets with small similar colored stamen.
this reddish pink flower has rounded petals and dark purple stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the petals of this flower are pale red and the pedicel is green
this flower has rounded pink petals and light green sepals with lots of blossoms grouped together on one stalk.

this flower has green pistil and red petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with green pedicel.
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red with small yellow stamen
a red flower with large petals that have points on the end.
this plant has bright red, football shaped petals of varying sizes, very similar in shape and texture to the dark green leaves.
this red flower has pointed petals, green sepals, and a green pedicel.
this flower has large, red petals and much smaller green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has short yellow stamen
this flower has sparse bright red petals with slightly pointed tips.

this flower has petals that are pink with short steman
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
pink heart shaped petals with wine-colored stripes surround a wine-colored star with pale pink stamens and stigma in its center.
the flower shown has large pink petals and pink anthers as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are heart shaped and darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this particular flower has petals that are pink and round
bright pink five petal flower with a pink pistil
this flower has five wide, heart-shaped pink petals with vertical striations.

the pistil is long and visible, and has elongated purple petals around.
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has an ornate protruding pollen tube surrounded by long, slightly tapered purple petals.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have stringy dark purple petals at the top.
the flower is so big and has petals that has violet borders facing downwards exposing clearly the blue lengthy stamen that are arranged like a disc in the centre
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this blue white and purple flower has pointed petals and dark purple stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stingy purple stamen
very unique with large petals extending downward with thin extending forward, it has an exposed pistil.
this flower has purple petals with white stripes down their center.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
this flower has a round central depression surrounded by hot pink petals with pointed tips and paler pink centers.
this flower has petals that are pink with a little yellow in the center
the petals are star shaped and purple in color while the stamen is pink.
this flower has pink and white petals, and a pink pollen tube.
small pink and deliquet with a long pollen tube are the features of this flower.
a flower with long petals that re pink and pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the edges.
the petals of this flower are bright pink on the edges and turn to a white color towarda the base of the petal.

the flower is trumpet shaped with orange-red petals that end rounded with some green and white stamen poking out of the trumpet.
the flower has red tube-shaped petals around a small white pistil.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
flower has longer stamen with larger white anthers
a flower with red petals and white and green pistils.
this red flower has rounded petals and green stamen with white anthers.
a flower with long and rounded petals that are red.
this flower has five red fan shaped petals that surround the yellow pistil.
this flower has a tulip shape with bright red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen

this green and spiky flower has a purple flower on top of it.
what makes this flower special is its bright purple petals and the whole cactus like sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this prickly flower has a plethora of thorns and a bright purple set of thin petals on top.
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this flower has long, purple, fiber like petals on a spiky sepal.
this particular flower has petals that are green and purple
this flower has a thick spiky bunch of sepals holding a disk-shaped arrangement of thin purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are skinny

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white petals and a lot of yellow stamen in the middle
the petals are white with faint yellow edges, reaching vertically around a yellow stamen and black style.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers and yellow stamen
this flower has white pointy petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has layers of light yellow pointed petals that are upturned slightly and stacked upon each other.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers
this flower has layers of pale yellow upturned petals with pointed tips.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has several upturned petals which are pointed and veined with a leaf like appearance.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this bright colorful flower features bright green stems, dark green leaves, and bright coral petals.
the pink petals on this flower are sitting atop a green pedicel
the flower petals are pink in color,the anthers are largr and yellow in color
this flower is made up of pink leaf shaped flowers that surround the pistil and stamen.
this flower has broad pink leaves with a yellow-green vein running down the center of each petal and long green stems.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow line

these are narrow long bell shaped blossoms which are light purple with dark purple spots lined with white edges on the inside.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
light purple trumpet shaped flowers speckled with white spots with black centers on the interior of the flower.
the flowers on the plant are pink in color and and have green stems.
this purple color flower has the trumpet shaped petals which are dotted inside with white and purple color
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has small trumpet shaped petals of purple with darker spots in the middle.
the petals on this flower are mostly light purple in color and the inner stamen is the color spotted brown.
this is a long purple flower with dark brown spots in the middle.

these flowers has red petals with white seeds in the middle
what i love about this flower is its ruby red rich petals
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with white stammen
this flower has red petals that have small and white stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
the white stamen of this flower are surrounded by bright red petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are rounded.

this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is trumpet shaped with bright blue petals and a yellow stamen.
the flower shown has blue petals, and a white pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are blue with green lines
this trumpet like flower has five conjoined bright blue petals in a star shape.
the flower petals are a bright blue with dark green leaves.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are shaped like a horn.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stripes
a flower with long and pointed petals that are blue.
this flower has trumpet shaped petals that are very bright blue in color.

pedicel are green,petals are pink and have yellow patches
a flower with yellow and pink petals with white anther filaments in the center.
dark petals yellow middle white greens and green leaves
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow center
this has large round fluted petals which bright pink on the outer edges and deep yellow around the pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and wilted.
bright pink circular petals with white outside edges and bright yellow closure to the stigma.
the fan shaped petals are pink towards the edges and bright yellow in the center around the white stamen.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are curved.
the flower is layered with a base of light yellow and a primary layer of dark yellow.
the petals on this flower are pale yellow on the exterior and yellow on the interior.
this unique yellow flower has a bell shaped center with flat light yellow petals around it.
the flower has a circular yellow petal surrounded by long petals around.
the flower is yellow and white and has 6 white petals.
this is a flower with yellow petals and yellow filaments.
the yellow stigma, pollen tube and style are peeking out of a pale white and yellow petal.
this yellow flower has a set of star-like petals along with a center trumpet petal and a yellow pistil.
this flower has a wide ruffled trumpet shape surrounded by paler yellow pointed petals.

a flower with purplish petals and brown pistils in the middle.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the two flowers have many pink petals surrounding round sections of yellow tipped stamen.
a bright pink petaled flower set in a circular pattern with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow steman
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has an indigo center and long purple petals with rounded edges.
these flowers have long smooth lavender petals with yellow stamen in the middle of them.
this flower has a single layer of bright purple oblong petals.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovule.
an inward facing cluster of white petals surround a large group of yellow stamen with hints of green.
a white flower with large petals and a yellow stamen.
flower with long white circular petals growing around the pale yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower's ovule is hidden away inside of large pedals that surround it on either side.
this flower has a round white center with wide and round-edges white petals.
this flower has a large white pistil surrounded by green stamen and white petals.
this flower has four white leaves forming a hood around its cluster of stigma.

the large flower has small yellow petals and a large center made of brown anthers.
this large flower has a dark center and yellow thin petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are skinny and pointed.
this bright yellow flower has many small pointy petals and one extremely large dark brown pistil in the center.
layers of bright yellow, thin petals surround a large, prominent circle of dark brown stamen.
this flower has a large dark disk center surrounded by a ray-like formation of yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
the flower has several yellow oval petals and brown stamen.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a red stamen.

this flower's petals are deep magenta with a bright yellow star pattern toward the yellow pistil.
the pretty flower has large red petals with yellow at its center.
this flower has bright red petals with a bright yellow star pattern in the middle
these flowrs have vibrant magenta petals with yellow within the interior.
partly fused magenta petals with yellow center and yellow anthers in the middle.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this pink and yellow flower has many rounded petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has bright pink petals with yellow at their base and very short yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are heart shaped.

these red flower tend to grow so close to each other that they look like one big flower.
the flower shown has several red petals, and a white filament.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the petals are red and fluffy and hide stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower is close together with the rest of the flowers in the bunch and has red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this red flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel and sepals
this flower has small pink petals that are round and smooth.

this flower has pink petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink and white with green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this is a flower that has many white and pink petals on it.
this flower has large pink petals with smooth edges and slight ruffled texture.
this flower has large petals with crinkled edges that are light pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has think pink petals and a light green colored pedicel.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ink with veins.
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
this flower has a large pink petal and a large yellow stigma
this flower has five large, rounded petals of pale pink, which are striated with leaf like veins.
this flower has light pink leaves which have a rough texture and noticeable veining.
yellow stigma connected to a green style with pink petals that have darker pink veins throughout the petal
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape with veins.
the petals are round and white with red veins and the stigma is large and yellow
these flowers have round pink petals covered with pink veins that surround a ball of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big stigma

this flower has downward facing pink petals, with long skinny stamen and yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled downward.
the flower shown has pink and white petals with yellow pistil
this flower droops down and has multiple long stamen along with light pink petals.
a pink and white flower with umbrella shaped petals and small skinny white filament.
large pink petals surround several pale yellow stamen and large, green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has wide and soft petals which are white with pale pink accents.
this flower has large pink petals with pointed tips and a large group of yellow stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very thin and wavy.

this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
a red heart shaped flower with red petals speckled with white blotches.
this flower has a thick white pistil surrounded by a wide shiny red petal with leaflike veins.
this flower has petals that are red with a yellow stigma
this flower has one large petal that is waxy, bright pink and in the shape of a heart.
this flower is very dark pink and looks like leather with a off white stigma coming out of the center like a long finger that is really bumpy.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big yellow style
this flower has a leather textured singular, red petal with a light yellow stamen and green leaves.
this waxy red leaf is growing around a fleshy spike.
the petals of this flower are wrinkly and silky red and the pistil is tube like

this flower has thin yellow petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny and thin.
this flower has a lot of long and thin yellow petals with a yellow stigma
these bright yellow flowers have thick ovaries and ovules as well as hundreds of very thin petals.
this flower has mounded yellow anthers at the center with dense, spiky, very narrow bright yellow petals.
a wide open yellow flower with bright yellow stamen at it's center and thing yellow petals at it's edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has a large number of very thin pointed bright yellow petals in a ring around thick yellow stamen.
this flower has a round yellow center and a fringe of thin hair-like yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

this flower contains a condensed pink/purple petal arranged in a ring structure, followed by red/purple pistils in the centerpiece.
a simple green stem with beautiful light magenta petals
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has long pink filaments with dark pink anthers, and protected by petals.
this is a bright pink flower with many long anthers.
this flower is characterized by its seemingly continuous pink petals as well as its curly, pink pistil at the center.
this flower has pink petals and and pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has bright red stamen and ovary and pink petals with curled edges.
this flower has wide and overlapping pink petals with smooth edges.

this is a white flower with extravagantly crinkled petals and a yellow core of anther and filaments.
the petals are large, white and delicate like tissue paper while the stamen and stigma are bright yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkly and large.
flowers with large white petals with a yellow stamen and yellow stigma.
this bloom has crumpled-looking white petals, bright yellow stamens, and dark green leaves.
this is a white flower with a thick yellow pistil and yellow stamens.
the flower has ruffly white petals surrounding a gold colored pistil, and hundreds of gold colored stamen.
this flower has very wavy white petals and a bright yellow interior.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has pure white petals that are wrinkled looking with a bright yellow stamen

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has hundreds of tiny, paper thin, yellow petals that gradually turn goldish at the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has multiple layers of very thin rectangular petals that are bright yellow in color.
this flower has yellow shredded petals with orange stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and bunched together.
a tightly packed cluster of bristle like bright yellow petals in a star pattern with no visible stamen or pistil.
a tightly packed cluster of bristle like bright yellow petals in a star pattern with no visible stamen or pistil.

the petals of this flower are yellow and brown with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with oranage lines
a flower with yellow and red mid-width flowers and central cluster of yellow stamen
the flower shown has dark purple and yellow petals with yellow pistil
the petals overlapping each other and no reseptacle is seen.
this flower has wide, pointed yellow petals and vertical center red stripes.
a yellow flower with disc floret bud and the leaves are green and thin
the petals are yellow and rusty in color ,the stamen is a pale yellow changing to a pink color ,the petals are long spear shape.
the petals of this flower are golden with a brown strip through the center of each petal.
this flower has yellow petals with red patches and they are arranged close together.

the petals of the flower are white with inside that are yellow in color.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pedals are white graduating to yellow toward the stamen that form a star shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the flower and thick white petals with a bright yellow middle.
this flower has small petals that form a star-like shape that are white and yellow colored.
the petals of this flower are yellow on the inside and white closer to the edges
the beautiful flower has petals that are white towards their tip and gradually becoming yellow towards the center and they are arranged in single layer overlapping with other petals spirally
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.

this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines in the center
this flower has yellow petals with thin brown anther and filaments and green pedicel.
this blossom has three large pedas that face downward, the thee large upward facing pedals are very small in this specimen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
the petals of the flower end in a point and are yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are pointing down and are color yellow
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this flower has bright yellow petals with small red veins towards the middle.
this flower has bright yellow petals with smooth edges and a lightly lined texture.

long slender orange petals around a yellow center made of stamens.
the flower is blooming and let uncover the yellow stamens.
this flower has orange petals with yellow anther and filaments
flower has long orange petals with yellow stigma.
these large orange flowers have yellow centers
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has large orange petals and large yellow stamens.
these flowers have orange petals with orange stamen in the center of therm.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
the flower is orange and symmetrical bilaterally, there are numerous yellow stamen heavy with pollen. no visible stigma.

this flower has large white petals and a group of yellow anthers on it
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by rounded white petals.
this flower has wide, pale purple petals and a frilly yellow center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are uneven around the edges
the flowe anthers are large in size and yellow in color while the stigma are green and larger in size
this white and purple flower has rounded petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has pale pink petals, a short, green pistil, and many short yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow lines

this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen
the petals of the flower are pink and are attached to a small green pad.
this prickly purple flower has short skinny petals and a sepal with thorns.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this has a spiny type pedicel with a pink-lavendar hue flower that has many pollen and stigma leaves.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with a base that spiky and green in color.
this flower is topped with long, thin lavender petals with a bulbous, spiky green ball underneath it.
there are long needle shaped purple and white pedals with a pointy pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very stringy

this flower yellow is in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with short stamen
the bloom has petals that are yellow in color with yellow filaments in the center.
this flower has yellow petals and pistil as its main features
the flower is yellow with petals that are fine, smooth, and arranged around the stamen forming a bowl shape
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this bright yellow flower has yellow stamen and pistil with darker coloring toward the middle.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this is an orange flower with four petals and yellow filaments.
this flower has four bright yellow round shaped petals on it.

these flowers is white and yellow in color and looks like rubber
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a yellow inside.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shapd.
this flower has large white petals with a light yellow center.
this flower has five smooth oblong petals that are yellow and white in color.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five very smooth rounded white petals with yellow centers.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow near the top
this flower has small peach and yellow colored petals as its main feature
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with many pink petals colored yellow in the middle with multiple yellow stigmas
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens in man layers forming disc shape
this flower has ascending layers of small oblong petals that are pink and yellow in color.
this flower has layers of peach-colored petals with pale yellow accents.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has concentric rows of light pink to yellow petals, surrounding a thick cluster of stamen

sepals are dark green in color,petals are dark maroon in color
this flower is dark purple in color, with petals that are curved down ward.
the flower is inverted, dark red and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the supporting pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple and hanging downwards
the flower has pink petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has dark red petals and an olive green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and is folded downwards
this flower has very dark plum petals and an earth green pedicel
the petals are deep blood red and form a tight cylinder.
this flower has large, broad, purple petals and a brown-green pedicel.

this flower has white pistil and a bright red petal as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with big style
a flower with a singular red petal and towering white stigma
this flower has a single heart shaped red petal holding a thick straight pistil at the middle
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a tall white stamen and a shiny red petal with pointed tip.
the flower has a flat red petal and a long red stamen perpendicular to the petal.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long style
the petals of this flower are red and wrinkled and the pistil is tube like and white

green pedicel and sepal supporting pale yellow petals with darker yellow petals inside of them.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a patch of green
sepals are green in color,petals are yellow inc olor
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the center,
this flower has yellow petals and a green pedicel and a green leaf sticking out.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has small yellow petals with dark green sepals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
a yellow flower with green sepal covering yellow petals that are close together.

the flower is red with a lot of red petals.
a flower with small rounded red petals, central white stamen, and red green pedicel.
the flower has small bright red petals with red stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has petals that are small and red, with red filament.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are red.
this flower has bunches of blossoms that have bright red rounded petals that overlap each other.
this bright red flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has very bright red petals which are small and quite rounded.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
the flower has large orange petals that are also red on the plant.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow on the edges.
this flower has bright orange petals with yellow tracing the outer most layer.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and white stamen.
the deep burnt orange flower has four petals that come together at a white center.
this flower has four flat, rounded edged, dark orange petals with yellow edges and several small white stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
this flower has small red and yellow petals with small white stamens.
this flower has bright orange petals that are small, smooth, and rounded.

this flower has overlapping white petals and many yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this white flower has many rounded petals surrounding a large pistil of yellow anthers and filaments.
the white petals are rounded and stack on top of each other while the yellow anther takes up a large space in the middle.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of smooth white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the flower has purple petals with green pollen tubes and yellow anther
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this purple colour flower with five petals with lined veins at the center
the flower has petals that are light purple with green stigma.
this purple flower has a deep purple and green center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
a large group of velvet pedals and a green stigma.
this flower has wide and very delicate purple petals and a dark plum center.
this flower has fan shaped purple petals that get much darker closure to the pistil.

this flower has numerous trumpet shaped purple blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
the flower shown has purple petals shaped like a tube with white spots
a unique flower with purple petals and no visible stamen.
this flower hangs upside down with light purple petals, all grouped together on one pedical.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long and tube shaped petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower is purple and lavender bells with white and pink spots inside.

this flower has a large pink petal with a lot of red lines on them
the flower consists of yellow petals with gold designs and a gold center.
a flower with large bulbous white petal and three striped yellow pink and red petals atop it.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has petals that are pink brown and yellow.
this yellow purple and white flower has rounded petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and purple lines
this flower is white, purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
the bloom of the flower has circular petals that are round in shape and are light pink in color.
this flower has multicolored petals that are white, pink, and yellow.

this purple flower can look closed or with petals open and the receptacle and pedicel look strong.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled closed.
this flower has petals that are purple and short steman
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
light green pedicel and sepal holding lilac colored petals with vertical purple stripes.
the light purple petal forms a star shape and there are many green sepals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are not yet open.
a velvet large flower with a dark marking and a green stem.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together
this flower has violet petals and a big green pedicel

the visible petals on the plant are thin and purple while the stem has spikes on it
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has purple pestals on top and a geen pricky on bottom like a catus
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
a flower with no distinct petals and purple stamen
this flower has a dense amount of small spiky purple petals.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are very skinny and pointy.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has a disk like formation consisting of many very tiny purple petals.

a flower with petals that are so dense and spirally surround the stamen
the flower is round and beautiful and vivid in color.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are bunched on top of eachother.
a pale pink flowers with a yellow inseam and a dark ovary
there are many petals in these two flowers and they are orange and black in color with brown stigmas.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has brown petals, tinged with yellow towards the center.
this flower has many petals of orange shaded to yellow opening around a center of black.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with pink edges.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed petals and brown and yellow stamen.

this purple flower has white spots and darker, almost black markings on the veins of the petals.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple petals with white specks on them this flower hangs down
the flower has petals that are drooping with purple and white spots.
this flower has a large purple petal and is curved downwards, and it has a purple pedicel
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted purple black with green stem.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and dropping.
this flower has purple petals with smooth edges that hang from a green pedicel.
this flower has dark purple petals with lighter and white patterns on it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots

this flower has bright pink overlapping petals with a pink pollen tube and red stigma.
the petal are purple, the pollen tube is pink, the anther filament is pink, and the stem is green.
this flower has petals that are pink with big yellow stigma
light pink pollen tube included in t he dark pink and yellow pistil surrounded by large pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has a large prominent pistil and large light pink petals.
this flower has large pink petals, a long pink style, yellow stamens, and pink stigma.
this flower has large pink leaves, a dark pink pistil and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style

this flower is bright red along the edges of the circular petals, and yellow towards the center.
small flower with red and yellow petals with yellow filament.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow in the center
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this is a flower with round petals that are yellow in the center and red around the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
the petals of this flower are red and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has small yellow petals that are red towards the tips.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
there are five round red and yellow petals surrounding small yellow stamen.

this light red or pinkish flower has petals with a touch of yellow, and pointed leaves.
this flower has orange layered petals around visible yellow stamin and pistil.
there are red, overlapping petals circling a cluster of thin yellow stamen.
the flower has large bright pink petals, yellow anther, and deep green sepals.
a reddish orange coloring gives this flower a similar appearance to a tomato.
this flower has dark pink petals with yellow, and the pistils are small and yellow
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and yellow and pink stamen.
this flower has a short grouping of yellow stamen surrounded by layers of overlapping smooth pink petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffly and curled.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center composed of anthers.
petals are oval in shape and are white in color,stamens are many and are yellow in color
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has six white petals arranged evenly with several yellow stamen popping up from the center.
this flower has simple, pure white petals, yellow anther filaments, white stamen and a green ovule.
the white petals are turned upward and the stamen are pale yellow.
the beautiful white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around yellow stamens forming a saucer like shape
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has a lot of red petals that are stacked up on each other
the flower has petals that are upright and bright red.
a large feathery type brightly colored flower cluster that forms a tall spike.
this flower has tall, stacked red petals that are coarse and feathery.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy.
the flower has several layers of petals that are bright red.
this flower has a large number of bright red petals that make a cone configuration.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the flower has very tiny bright red petals scattered throughout.

a red flower with tiny red petals and a skinny green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with ruffled edges
this flower has red petals and no visible outer stamen on it
this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are wrinkled and red with green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and is ruffled together
this plant has layers of pointed red petals.
this bright red flower has many jagged edge petals bunched together.
this flower has bright red flowers with jagged looking edges and no stamen in sight.
this flower is made up of ribbon like petals that are red in color.

a flower with manyfold waxy red petals and central cluster of yellow and red stamen.
this colorful flower has bright purple colored petals and yellow pistils.
this flower has pink petals and a group of yellow stamen in the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has red petals and yellow stamen in the center and is bowl shaped.
this flower has yellow stamen and layers of upturned pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curve upward.
this flower has multiple rows of bright pink petals that are arranged in a cup-like configuration.

this flower has petals which are rough on the edge and both hang down as well as stay upright.
this flower has petals that are blue with ruffled edges
this flower is white in color, with petals that are very ruffled and wilted.
very large dull white pedals with slight purple near the pistils and a yellow and red pistil.
this flower has large ruffled white petals with pale purple accents.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
the petals on this flower are mostly white with a light lavender stamen.
this flower has large white and pale purple petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has ruffled petals that are white and purple.
a very large white flower with fluffy pedals and a golden state.

the flower has petals that are orange, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of clustered stamen
this is a single flower that has orange petals and a yellow-orange center.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the stamen are many and are yellow in color with larger anthers
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly pale orange in color and the inner stamen is the color mustard yellow.
this flower has yellow stamen and long, narrow orange petals.

this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this is a flower with large pointed red and gray petals with a berry like green structure in the center.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this brightly colored red flower has petals with a pointed tip in various sizes, with the smaller petals overtop of the larger petals.
this flower has bright red petals with yellow anthers in the center.
this flower has multiple bright red pointed petals of varying sizes with a small bunch of yellow-green stamen in the middle and dark green leaves.
this flower has large red petals that get smaller the closer they get to the pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen

this flower has small red petals and no visible stamen in the center of it
this flower has petals that are red and clumped together
there are many small red petals making up a flower with a long feather like shape.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the petals on this flower are a bright red color with green sepal as well
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has fuzzy, bright red, tall petals and green sepal.
this flower has an uneven cone-like shape made up of many very small red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
the petals on this flower are mostly red, with green leaves.

this flower has a lot of tall pointy red petals and a middle full of yellow stamen
this is a large flower with long narrow pink and light pink petals.
the flower has red and white petals with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are pointed orange and white with yellow filaments.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
this flower has a large disk at the center of slightly cupped layers of sharply pointed pink petals.
the stamen of the flower are concentrated very tightly together, and the petals are bright crimson.
this flower has long, narrow petals which have a pointed tip and a large pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has vibrant red petals with a sunflower like center.

the alternating leaves are broad and green and the smaller flower petals are orange.
this flower has large orange petals and no visible outer stamen or stigma
oputer petals are purple inc olor,inner petals are orange in color
the petals of the flower are orange and have green leaves with blue petals.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
a large spiky pedaled flower with orange and blue coloration.
the flower has bright orange, blue, pink, and green petals.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointy on the tips.
the flower has bright yellow petals as well as pointy blue petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin

the purple petals on this flower go from light to dark to even lighter color as they reach the edge.
this round flower has several wide petals in varying shades of purple, which have serrated edges.
a unique flower with different spotted shades of purple and lavender pistils.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled on the ends.
a flower that has multiple tones of pink with whispy white stamen
this flower has pink petals that has purple edges and white stamen
this particular flower has petals that are round with purple and pink
this flower has triangle shaped purple flowers with frayed edges and a light purple center with white stamen.
this flower has a white anther filament, pink and magenta stamen, and magenta and pink petals.
large, pale purple petals with darker purple bands in the center and white stamen.

red violet budding pistil, with tiny yellow petals beginning to sprout.
a red stemmed flower, with red buds, and yellow petals.
an overlapping set of red petals with yellow petals in between the red ones
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has a long style with purple and yellow petals.
this flower has little yellow petals attached to a brown pedicel.
this flower has reddish stems from which grow thin pale yellow petals.
this flower has small yellow petals and a red pedicel.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips

the petals are broad and spine-shaped as well as pink and white in color.
the plant has leaves going in all directions with one full petal that is pink
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the flower has petals that crisscross together and are pink.
this flower has pink overlapping petals and a light green pedicel.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has many long, skinny green leaves and a large and tightly layered pink petal.

the petals are very long and pointy and are bright colors and cover the stamen and pistil.
the petals on this flower are orange with a purple pistil.
the flower is yellow and purple in color.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has a green pedicel and long feather shaped yellow petals.
this flower has some red coloring near the center and orange petals that are pointy looking.
this flower has orange slender pointed petals attached to a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed.

this pretty little flower has red petals the drape down.
the flower has purple petals with white spots and a purple pedicel
the petals of this flower are dark red with a short stigma
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower faces downwards, and its pointed petals show pink and purple mottling.
this flower has purple petals with pink dots on them
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
a flower with purple petals covered in white circular pattern.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has a down-turned shape and mottled purple petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has overlapping layers of wide, soft pale purple petals with slightly ruffled edges.
the flower has a small green sepal and long purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with short steman
large purple petals on easily visible septal and pedicel.
this flower has layered lavender petals on a green pedicel.
five partially furled petals make up this purplish-pink flower.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower has soft and overlapping petals in a shade of pale purple.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has purple cup-like petals that curl out at the tips with a singular pollen tube in the center.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the petals are purple and the flower itself is like a bell.
the flower shown has purple bell-shaped petals as its main feature.
the cupped shaped petals are a vibrant purple color, and the stamen is a light green color.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a bell shape
this flower has a rounded trumpet shape with a wide purple mouth.
a velvet bell shaped flower with gray stigma in center.

the purple petals curve down in order to form a bell shape and hide whatever pistils or stamens may be inside from view, hanging from a pale green stem among shiny, toothed green leaves.
there are purple leaves with curled edges and prominent veins supported by a pale green sepal and pedicel.
a purple flower with large droopy petals, only two petals visable.
this sideways beauty has a nick purple tinted petal with its vines visible.
this flower shown has a smooth purple petal with a green pedicel
this flower has a white sepal and a light blue funnel shaped petal with darker veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has black lines
this blue flower has veined petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have dark veins.
this flower has a drooping head of purple petals with delicate veined texture.

this flower has long blue petals and no visible outer stigma on it
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
pedicel is green in color,flower is blue in color and capsule in shape
this flower has petals that are blue and bell shapd
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the petal on this flower has a tubular shape and is blue in color.
this flower has a wide-mouthed trumpet shape with a deep blue coloring.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a bell shape
this flower has a long trumpet shaped petal that has both dark and bright blue coloring.

purple sepal supporting rounded large purple petals with a dark purple center hiding the pistil.
this bright purple color flower has a whirl of petals shaded with brown at the end
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the petals on this flower are purple with dark purple veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
this is a purple flower that turns dark purple toward the receptacle.
this dark purple and pink flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has lage pink petals with a dark purple color leading to the center.

this flower has petals that are white with pink patches
some of the flowers are yet to bloom and are mainly white and pink.
the flower has white filaments and white and pink petals
the flowers have small white petals that are also pink in the middle.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has large white and pink petals with white stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has white petals with bright pink and light pink stripes closure to the pistil.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and pink.

this flower has a tubular red mouth with ruffled edges surrounded by large pointed red petals.
this flower has red petals and a large red stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are red with a touch of yellow
the petals of this flower are red and have a short stigma
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has red petals and an internal petal
this flower has five large and very smooth red petals and a ruffled mouth.
this flower has a bright pink trumpet shaped petal surrounded by oblong pink petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a bell shape
this flower has red petals on a green leafy pedicel.

this flower has smooth pink petals and purple pedicel as its main features
the petals of this flower are bright pink in color and are shaped in an oval fashion.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
flower has petals that are dark pink and upright with red pedicel.
this flower has the overlapping red petals with the reddish pedicel
this dark pink flower has round petals with speckled colored green leaves below.
this particular flower has petals that are dark pink and light pink
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a red pedicel.

the flower shown has green sepal with bright blue thin petals
this flower is round with spiky purple petals and a bright green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals of the flower are long filaments that are purple in color.
this flower has hairy like petals attached to green sturdy pedicels.
a porcupine looking flower that is velvet in color of pedals.
this flower has green and purple sepals with thin blue petals.
this flower has spiky green leaves surrounding a fringe of purple hairs.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen

the flower has a set of 5 petals that are composed of 2 violet, 2 white and 1 yellow colored petal.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has solid purple petals and other colors of petals that have purple stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple with white and yellow shading
this flower has different colored petals, two dark purple ones, two white ones with purple streaks and one with yellow and purple markings.
this flower is beautiful with its distinct purple color, the base allows the yellow to be much more vibrant.
five pointed star shape with oval purple pedals and single yellow lower pedal with two clusters of many small stamens.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow and white shading
five petals flower with half purple and white yellow mixed petals having small dark purple line on petals other than purple color
this purple white and yellow flower has rounded petals and a brown pedicel.

sepals are green in color,they have yellow petals that are rounded in shape
this flower has yellow petals and white stamen with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this is a small yellow flower with large petals and white anther filaments.
this flower has short but thick white stamen and four rounded bright yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
small white pistil are in the center of the bright yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that have orange veins.
these yellow flowers has burgundy closed bulbs that have to bloom

this white and yellow flower have thin white petals and a round yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the color is white stamens are yellow and petals are long oval.
this flower has a numerous white petals with many yellow stamen and green pedicel
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has several long thin white petals with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are white and the stamen are green and yellow.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are short, and narrow, and are a dull white color.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the flower has white outer petals and a funnel like part on the inside and its stamen appears yellow
a huge flower thats white with some pink on them and orange inside
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the ovule.
this flower has petals that are pale pink with a dark pink petal.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow
the area around the stamen of this flower is bright orange, while ascending into a bright pink, and the outer petals are a very light pink.
this white and purple flower has five outer petals and an inner trumpet.
these flowers have very large white petals and the ones closer to the center have very droopy purple petals that cover the stigma and style.
this flower has petals that are white and purple and make a bell shape
this flower has a ruffled pink mouth and very smooth white petals.

the flower has thin purple petals that are oval and round shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
this flower has large pink ruffled petals and yellow stamen surrounding a rounded green stamen.
this flower has overlapping pink petals and many yellow stamen.
the beautiful big pink flower has petals that are so soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers around a ring of yellow stamen
a purplish and white group of flowers with a golden and green center.
this flower has pink petals and has yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has a green center, yellow stamen, and very pale pink petals.
this flower has a green circular pistil surrounded by a ring of yellow stamen set in the middle of a wheel of light pink overlapping petals.

the large red flower has a yellow pistol and one petal.
waxy shiny red petals around a prominent yellow and white stamen.
one large, flat, heart shaped petal with a large yellow and white pistil.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has large red petals with a large off center yellow conical shaped stamen on a narrow green stem.
this blood red flower has a heart shaped petal and a yellow and white stigma.
this flower is white, yellow, and red in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has deep red leaves and a large yellow pistil.
a flower with one petals that wraps around the pollen tube that is yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this strange looking flower has 4 petals with a lot of different colors purple yellow white and green
this flower has petals that are white, yellow and burgundy with red stigma.
this flower has white petals and a yellow stigma in the middle
this flower is a puffy white with winged shaped petal of pinkish yellow color.
a white flower with a golden center and one pedal bigger than the others.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow and purple lines
this particular flower has petals that are short and round with pink, yellow, and white
this flower has an umbrella shaped white yellow and green petal attached to a bulky white sepal.
this white, purple, and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

the flower has dark green leaves with petal that is white in color with yellow anthers
this flower is round and its petals are bright white with a yellow pistil
the flower has an umbrella shaped petal that is white and round.
this flower has a single white petal with yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has large white petals with small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is a open cone shape with a yellow center and white staimin.
this flower appears to have one petal that surround the entire flower with some scattered folds or ruffles.
this flower has a large white funnel shaped petal with a yellow ovary.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has several yellow petals with a red line down each petal.
the petals are separated and they are in a circular position.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has a wide flat center of yellow stamen surrounded by long yellow petals with red centers.
the bright yellow petals have dark orange stripes and the anther is golden colored.
the flowers have many yellow petals with a red streak running through the middle.
this flower has a single layer of bright petals that are yellow and red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
these flowers have yellow and red petals with oval shaped edges.

the petals of the flowers are yellow in color with green leaves.
thre oddly shaped spotted yellow sepals are around three inner petals.
this flower has several yellow petals which curl slightly downwards.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large yellow petals with a black line on it
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has large yellow leaves with dark stripes leading to the center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.
this yellow flower has broad petals with decorative interior and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of sepal
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stigma or stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has very waxy and smooth pink petals growing backwards from the center.
a group of beautiful flowers with purple petals and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upwards
this flower has very bright pink petals that are oblong in shape and positioned upward.
this flower has dark pink petals that curl into themselves, and a light brown stem.

this rose resembling flower is yellowish with a pink fade around the tips
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of pink
an orange and red flower with multi layers of petals tightly wrapped together.
the petals of the flower are yellow and tipped in red and fold inward around each other.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has pink and orange petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has overlapping layers of petals which are yellow with pale pink tips.
there are many yellow petals with bright pink tips arranged in a whorl formation.
this flower has red and yellow-colored petals that wrap around each other.
this colorful flower has yellow petals with red tip that curve around each other.

the flower is violet with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers around stamens
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals on this flower are purple, white and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and purple with lines
the petals of this flower are purple an white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and has white and yellow shading with black lines
this particular flower has petals that are purple, white, and yellow
the white petals are purple at the edges and have dark purple stripes near the center.
a flower with purple petals that get lighter at teir center with dark purple stripes sprouting form it's core.
this flower has white and purple round petals with smooth edges.

this flower has petals that are orange with hints of yellow
this flower has many layered petals in colors ranging from light yellow the dusty pink.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has several petals that are layered on top of each other and are white.
the flower shown has very small white and peach colored petals
a yellow and pink flower with curved pedals and green leaves.
this flower has layers of rounded peach-colored petals with pale yellow tints.
this yellow, white and pink flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has peach colored oblong petals that form alternating rows.

the blooms of the flower are pink on the outside and speckled on the inside with green sepals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals as its main feature
this flower has long pink petals with white and brown spots on it
this bell shaped flower is light purple with dark specks on the bottom of the inside of the tube.
this flower is formed in the shape of a downward facing bell, it has pink flowers with white and brown spots on the inside of the flower.
this is a bell shaped flower that is light purple and has brown spots in the center of the hollow.
this flower has trumpet shaped blossoms in hues of pale pink and white.
this flower has purple bugle shaped pedals with a white brown spotted center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
the flower shown has a green pedicel with purple and white petals
petals that are white at their base and purple at the tips make up this flower; some are curled up and others extend straight out.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the pedals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
this flower has straight green pedicel underneath a trio of oblong white sepals with pink tips and petals wrapped together in a ball formation.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pink on the edges.
this flower has white petals and pink on the tips of them
this flower has petals that are white and has pink tips
this flower has white petals with pink tips wrapped tightly around the pistil.

a cluster of red flowers with no visible anther filaments nor pistils.
this flower has small red petals and no visible outer stigma
the pedals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flowers are overllaping both with red colored petals with larger anthers
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and in bunched together
a flower with long and wide petals that are burnt red.
this flower has lots of red shell shaped petals that surround the darker pistel.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
yellow petals of this remarkable flower glisten in night light.
this flower has five large white petals with rounded edges and yellow centers.
delicate oblong yellow petals with an orange pedicel on this flower.
this flower has a large yellow petal and no visible stigma in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curled at the edges.
this flower has yellow petals that have white edges
this flower has smooth small petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five large yellow pedals with white edges in a star pattern.

flowers with pink petals growing upwards on a maroon stem
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
the flower has petals that are upright and pink with pink pedicel.
the petals on this flower are pink and cup like.
this flower has pink petals and purple petals as its main features
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curve dupward.
this flower has petals that are red and is folded upwards
this flower has very smooth pink petals which bend backwards from a center.
a flower with vibrant pink petals shooting up with a long thin pedicel.
the delicate hot pink flowers have five standing pedals.

this flower has large white petals and a vibrant, yellow pistil.
rounded cup like petals surround a bright yellow stigma with yellow anthers below.
this bright white flower is bell shaped, with strongly colored orange anthers and filaments.
a simple white flower with overlapping petals, an orange pollen in the center
the pure white petals of this flower surround a beautiful golden stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals, yellow stamens, yellow pistil and green pedicel.
this flower has thick yellow stamen and thick, upturned white petals with curling, rounded edges.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have multiple anthers that are yellow in color.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are blue with black lines
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
a dark blue flower with purple lines coming from the with pollen tube.
the flower is glowing with blue fused petal that is soft, smooth and thin
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are lighter near the ovary.
this blue and red flower has pointed petals and a red pedicel.
this bright blue flower has dark veins on the petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has dark lines
this flower has bright blue petals with dark blue veins and white stamen.
the pedals are a deep blue with a long star of purple blue and red going through their center.

the flower is made of white petals with thin stringy petals that are purple, white, and dark purple in color.
this colorful flower has white petals, purple and white filaments, a yellow, black and purple center, and yellow and lavender pollen tubes.
the flower has whoite colored oputer petals with purple needle shaped petals
the flower has large white petals with small blue and white petals.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped
a large flower with a clear base and a very colorful stigma.
this flower is green, white, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower has white, blue, and purple petals that are stringy, and a green pedicel
the prominent pistil of this flower is complex, with concentrated circles of purple, white, green and black, and broad whitish petals extending from the bottom.

the flower shown has small red petals with green sepal
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is bright pink with overlapping petals and red stamens.
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this is a flower with red colored circular petals and no visible sepal.
the red petals of this flower form a tight circle around the red stigma.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
a large ball of flowers with red pedals and a dark center.

very delicate looking lavender ribbed petals with yellow seeded center
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has eight pink petals and a prominent yellow pistil.
the petals are purple in color with smaller anthers that are yellow in color
the petals are purple and jagged on their edges are are centered around a group of yellow stamen.
a light purple flower with a golden center and long pedals.
this petite flower has pale purple petals with many yellow stamen.
this flower has a small clump of short yellow stamen surrounded by a wheel of ribbed light purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
this pale purple flower has petals with uneven edges that surround a group of short yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
the flower has petals that surround the pistil and cover it well
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the petals of this flower are dark and light pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has big, reddish pinkish petals that come together in a spiral shape.
this pink flower has no viable stamen or pollen tube, however it does have many layer of pink petals.
this pink flower has no viable stamen or pollen tube, however it does have many layer of pink petals.
this pink flower has no viable stamen or pollen tube, however it does have many layer of pink petals.

the flower has blue petals with green anther and filament
there are snake-like, green, swirling pistil jutting out the top with long-filamented, green stamen jutting out sideways above frilly, jagged pale-blue petals.
this flower has long blue petals and long dark green stamen
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are blue with long stigma
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower has thick green stamen and layers of soft tissue like blue petals.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower is made up of many lavender blue petals that go crazy places.
this flower has many pointed purple petals and very prominent green pistils.

the flower shown has yellow petals with dark purple markings
the flower has petals that are yellow with green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has five yellow petals with red stripes and a bunch of stamens.
this white and yellow flower has 5 petals, the largest being the front most and bottom petal.
a flower wtih bright yellow petals that has brown stripes.
a simple array of rounded petals in a star pattern that are yellow fading into white with black lines with very small white stamen.
this flower has varying shades of yellow in it's overlapping petals ranging from light to dark, no visible pedicel and a fringed anther in the center.
this particular flower has petals that are light yellow and dark yellow
this flower has multicolored petals in varying shades of white and yellow with rounded edges.

the petals have two colors being purple and yellow.
this flower has several wide and slightly ruffled petals in shades of bright purple and yellow.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and purple on the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow patches
this flower is purple and yellow with flat petals and yellow ovary.
the flower has large ruffled petals that are yellow and purple.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has yellow and purple petals with ruffled edges
the plant has many flowers with the petals a purple and yellow in color.
this flower has broad alternating purple, canary yellow and white petals with bright green leaves and a bright green stem.

this flower has green pistil and bright red petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with a flowery stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and wavy.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the petals of this flower are red with a yellow pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are red colored.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has large red petals with rounded edges that are wrapped around a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has as big style
this flower has a tiny central pod surrounded by thick, wide red petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with long stamen
the flowers has three petals and the stamen are seen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are leaf like.
a flower with broad pink petals and three green stigma resting atop a green pedicel
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long style
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has three large pale purple petals and three styles that are pale purple as well.
three pointed purple leaves surround three long column shaped buds with rounded tops.
this flower has purple petals as well as purple and green pistils.

this flower is purple in color with five petals, and greed pedecils.
the petals of the flower are bright purple while the sepals are green.
the flower has several purple petals with mossy looking pedicel
the flowers have green leaves, purple petals, dark purple stamen with lighter anthers.
this purple flower has petals that appear to be enmbracing each other to protect stamens.
the petals of the flower are dark purple in color with dark green leaves.
this flower has large and very delicate petals in shades of soft purple.
a blue flower with petals and the yellow stigma and anther and the leaves are green and thin
a flower that has long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower is purple and black in color, with wavy and thin petals.

this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have green leaves.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are small stars.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has star shaped purple petals that sit on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has small bright blue star-shaped blue petals that create a globe shape.
this flower has purple petals as well as a stamen.
the flower has very small blue petals in the ball shape formation.

this flower has pale pink petals with dark pink edges and a yellow style with white stamen clusters.
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has a large pink petal with a lot of yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has thick pink and white petals with white and yellow stamen.
the flower is made of layered petals with white anthers in the center.
the petals of the flower formulate a distinctive pattern, and the stamens are a light yellow color
this flower has big pink petals and a yellow pistil, with a skinny green pedicel.
this flower has wide yellow pistil in the center of layers of light pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma

this flower has a large white petal and has a small yellow colored circle in the middle
a flower with small white petals with a yellow ovary
this flower has large, flat white petals that connect to each other and have a yellow center.
the flower has petals that are white with yellow centers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are straight along the edges.
the white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and fused together and has bunch of white stamens in the center
the petals of this flower are white and form a pentagon and the sepals are deep green.
this flower has large white pedals with the center of the flower being a dark yellow and it has white stamen.
this flower has one flat white petal and a yellow center, it doesn't seem to have a pistil.

this flower has clusters of orange and red petals surrounding brown-tinted stamen.
pretty orange petals with dark orange on the inside and white stamen.
the flower has a yellow and red petal with a green pedicel
the small petals of the flower are orange and red.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are orange has and white stamen
this flower has yellow to dark orange petals with dark anthers.
this flower has orange petals with deeper red accents and veins.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.

this purple and white flower has dark spots on the inside of the bell shaped petals.
this flower has ovular purple petals as its main feature.
the petals on this flower are purple with white and brown spots.
this flower has pink petals that form cups and droop downwards with brown spots inside.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a long pale pink trumpet shape with a wide mouth.
this flower has pink cone-shaped petals with dark spots leading to the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
a bell shaped flower with dark brown speckles at it's center with light green sepal.
this flower has a lot of light purple petals with darker speckles on the inside.

a small yellow flower with narrow yellow petals and tiny black stamen.
the flower has large yellow petals that are long and thin.
the petals are yellow in color and are oval in shape
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a dark brown center and long yellow petals.
this flower has many yellow petals as well as black stamen.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower is characterized by its yellow, flat petals and black pistil and stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with a red stigma
this large white flower has five petals and a fuschia center from which emerges a very long slender pistil surrounded at the tip by many thread like yellow tipped stamens.
flower with large independent white petals and a whitish pink style and yellow anthers.
the petals on this flower are white with a dark pink center.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has a tall pink pistil, a bright pink ovary, and five white oblong petals.
these smooth, round, white petals with a pink middle, have a long, pink stigma and stamen.
this flower has bright white petals that become magenta colored at their base with a elongated pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pink near the base of the ovary.

the bright yellow anther of this flower are surrounded by a single row of round petals boasting the same vibrant color.
a dark yellow flower that has green pedicel supporting it and also a bunch of stamen in its middle
this small flower has vibrant yellow petals and the same colored stamen.
a bright yellow flower with four broad overlapping petals and sparse yellow filaments in the center.
the petals of the flower are orange and the anther filament is also orange.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
an orange flower with four dish shaped orange petals with orange stamen at it's center.
this flower has small yellow petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has four yellow petals surrounding its short yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has bright pink flowers that look wilted and have thin stamen.
this flower has pink petals with a dark maroon center, a trumpet-shaped row on top outlined in purple, with yellow anther filament.
this flower is vibrant pink in color with skinny very skinny shriveled petals.
this unique pink flower has long thin pointed petals with yellow tips.
this pretty little flower is painful strong petals coming from its center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and oddly shaped.
this flower has bright magenta petals with purple tips and bright green leaves.
this flower has spiky pink petals that are sparsely arranged.
this flower has long eratic pink petals with their own yellow tipped stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

a green and dark purple pedaled flower with a green stem.
this flower has a single layer of upturned petals that are red on the edges and light green toward the center with extended stamen.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are green with red stamen
the flower has petals that are yellow with red ends.
the flower has green and burgundy petals and long green stamens.
a flower with green and red petals.
this flower is green, yellow, and red in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
the petals of this flower are yellow and burgundy and the pedicel is green

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with purple sepals supporting a cluster of small thin purple petals and large green anther and filaments
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stringy stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is white, pink, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals and white center with yellow pistil.
this purple flower has pointed petals and purple and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

a purple bell shape pedaled flower with a green stem.
this flower has a tubular shaped petal that is light pink on the outside and speckled on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals are bell-shaped and pink in color with darker pink dots in the middle.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
these flowers have a bell shape to their petty pink petal, theres also dark pink and white spots on the inside of the petal.
the petals of the flower are bell-shaped and are light purple in color.
the flower has one single bell shaped, pink flower with dark purple spots on the inside.
a pink flower with the purple dots and the pedicel are green

this flower has petals that are purple with many tiny stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has several small oval shaped purple petals with stamen between petals.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and lavender with purple stamen.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and are arranged in a bunch.
has a fairly large stigma that matches the petals in a purple hue
this flower has a purple mound of small and very ruffled petals.
this flower has light purple petals, with brown stamen in the center.
multiple rows of small lavender petals surrounding a burst of stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together

this is a large,orange flower with red and yellow stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower shown has tiny yellow petals which surround the red pistil
the flower shown has layers of yellow petals, and several yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower has thin orange petals and red stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
this bright orange flower contains many densely packed, overlapping, thin and rounded petals, with short, darker orange colored stamen, and a brightly orange colored stigma.
this flower has a rounded center and layers of long, rounded orange petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.

this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has an array of different purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has short small purple petals and no visible stigma in the middle
the flower has oval shaped smaller petals that are purple in color and are needle shpaed
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is green
this flower is made up of many five needle sized lavender petals that have a star shape.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has blue petals as well as a blue stamen.

the petals of this flower are magenta with a short stigma
the flower shown has large purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has several large purple petals with pointed tips and leaflike veins.
this flower has petals that are purple with purplelines
this flower has soft purple petals attached to a green stamen and green a pedicels.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
the petals on this flower are light violet and the pedicel is short and green
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has very small green sepals and bright blue petals.

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming disc like appearance
this flower has multiple layers of pale orange petals that turn more yellow on the upper layers.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
this flower has peach petals as well as a purple stamen.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed pedals and green sepals.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has many layers of peach and yellow petals that get smaller closer to the pistil.

a flower with white petals and light anther filaments and pistils.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled.
a flower that has white petals and a green center with white filaments
this flower has one petal that is circular and protects the stigma and stamens.
this flower features a set of wavy, white petals and yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are severely arched, and have stamens that are of a light green color.
this flower has a green ovary, thin stamen, and a large white petal with curled edges.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
this flower has a large connected white petal with a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are star shaped.
the stamen of this flower is not something that you will always make a note of when you look at it in the garden.
this flower has numerous long blue stamen that give the flower a ball-like appearance.
this flower has petals that are purple and very tiny and thing
this is a round purple flower with many small purple petals.
this purple flower has pointed petals and a white pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are blue and very thin
extremely small, light purple petals with white anthers and a white pedicel.
this flower has many small purple and brown petals on it.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin with long stamen
flower stamen are longer with larger purple anthers
the flower has long pink filaments with anthers color dark pink.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up.
purple stamen centered in narrow wispy light purple petals with a purple sepal.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
a tiny purple flower with curly petals surrounding long purple stamen.
this flower has long thin pink stamen with curly light pink petals.

leaves are green in color.the flower is white in color
this flower has large white petals and a lone yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wilted and curled on the edges.
this flower has huge white fluffy petals and white filament.
this single flower has white petals that's folded under.
this very white petals flower with yellow anther is surrounded by a sea of green leaves.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma
flower has a narrow white pistol protruding hollowed center surrounded by a what looks like a single white petal with outer halves drooping downward.
this round shaped white flower has big green leaves
this is a bright white flower that has petals which are hanging down in a drooping upside down bell fashion with pale yellow and bright white stamen coming out of the center and the leaves and sepal are dark green and leathery.

these pretty flowers has pink and white petals with pointed edges
this flower has overlapping layers of white petals with pale pink pointed tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with pink shading
this flower has white petals that have pink veining on the back side.
this flower has pink and white petals attached to a brown pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white petals streaked with pink, with tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this pale pink flower with hints of white sits in a group of other flowers at the end of a brown branch.

this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
a blueberry pine comb flower with a white and brown tips.
the buds of the flower are blue in color and are arranged in a bunch.
this flower is a large cluster of downward pointing purple petals with white tips.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has a vertical cluster of purple bell-like round blooms.
this blue flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
has many florets of purple that have a white ruffled edge.
this flower has many purple bell shaped buds on each stalk.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a short stigma
this flower features yellow petals that overlap and point downwards.
the flower shown has yellow petals with yellow stamen and green pedicel
pale yellow petal with an inner bell shaped petal and yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
bright yellow star shaped petals with a yellow bell shaped petal in the center that encompasses a small pistil.
this flower has 6 large oval yellow petals with a bell-shaped petal in the center and a yellow stigma.
this flower has yellow petals, orange stamen and dark green stem.
the petals of the flower are a solid yellow color, and the stamen is a yellow color as well.

this flower has petals that are white and have purple spots
bell shaped smooth white petals with purple dots on the inside of them and coming out of the green sepal.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with spots of purple
the flower shown has white bell shaped petals with burgundy spots on the inside as its main feature.
the beautiful inverted bell shaped white flower has fused petals that are soft, smooth and has dark pink spots in the inner surface
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has bell shaped petals that are white with purple spotted along the inside.
a flower ith long and wide petals that are white.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals are a very bright pink which is a contrast to the stigma in the middle which is green.
this small flower has slightly ruffled petals in shades of bright pink.
the petals on this flower are pink with a yellow base.
this flower has petals that are pink with a hint of yellow
this flower has large and very ruffled petals in shades of pink with yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has pink petals that droop, green pointed leaves, and green stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has multiple blooms surrounding a singular stem, bright pink petals, a yellow ovule and green leaves.

the orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner around stamens
petals are oval in shape,they are orange in color
the petals are golden in color and pointed and the stamen and stigma are also yellow-golden in color.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has a ring arrangement of small oblong orange petals.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has a thick yellow center and vertically grooved orange petals.
this orange flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen in a circular pattern.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and purple lines
pedicel are brown in color,petals are oval in shape and are white brown in color
this flower has four circular petals which are veined in maroon and a stamen with yellow anther.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals on this flower are pink, yellow, white, and brown.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple ands yellow lines
the flower has four purple and white striped pedals with a yellow stamen.
this flower has smooth petals that are white, pink and yellow in color.
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

pedicel are green in color,sepals are green and the petals are light puple
this flower is light purple in color, with petals that are pointy.
the lightly colored purple flower has yellow anthers in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
what i like about this flower is its subtle hint of pink in its petals.
the spiked leaves are lavender in hue and the pollen tubes in the center of the flower are of a yellow cast.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a straight pedicel with small green sepals and a few ascending layers of pointed white petals.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

pedicel are maroon in color,peals are red in color and are overlaping
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this orange flower has overlapping petals and toothpick-shape yellow leaflets accompanied by a bunch of stamens.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright red colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a dark red flower with a gold and brown center to it.
this flower has layers of bright red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has multiple layers of red, smooth petals with thin, yellow stamen in the center.

the petals on this flower are white blending to yellow.
this flower has overlapping petals that have a combination of white and yellow colors.
this flower has thick white and yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a pinwheel of white petals with a yellow center and a white edge.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a smooth slick white flower with some yellow in the center.
this flower has five smooth round white petals with yellow centers.
this flower has big, fluffy petals that are white along the edges and yellow in the center
there are five simple round white petals that fade into yellow near the receptacle where they connect with no visible stamen.

this fuchsia water flower bud has tightly closed petals emerging on a thick stem from large floating leaves
the petals are pink in color and have a thick stem along with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the flower is a very light pink with petals that appear to be closed up into the shape of a oval like structure.
this closed bud has several rows of pointed pink petals.
a pink bud with green sepal and the petal are white stripes in some petals
the color of the flower petals slowly changes, but never settling on one color.
this flower has pink petals wrapped around each other and a thick green stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together

this flower has petals that are purple with a yellow center
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are upright, dark pink and have yellow stamen.
this is a pink flower with pointed petals and a yellow style.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this fllower appears to be floating on the surface of water has many bright purple pointed petals facing upwards with a bright yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are facing upward.
this flower has a thick short group of yellow stamen inside of cup-like layers of pointed purple petals.
the petals of this flower are dark pink with a white tint and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has large yellow petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has a cluster of bright yellow petals that curve downwards and have wilted edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled around the edges
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are spotted orange.
the flower shown has yellow petals and green pedicel which are its main feature
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
the flower has several long oval yellow petals that are wavy on the edges.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and green and curved
this flower has yellow petals with a little bit of orange spotting and they're wavy in appearance.

this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are skinny, and wavy.
this red flower has long skinny petals that protrude from the center of the flower in a sphere pattern.
the petals arae needle shaped and are red in color with large du;l pink sepals
the flower is made of red petals and a thick green stalk along with a sepal that is red.
the flower has petals that are narrow upright and red.
this flower has thin tube-rolled petals in shades of dark red.
this flower has dark red petals and dark green pedicel.
this flower has sparse thin spiky red petals and purple sepals.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curled up and skinny.

the flower is made of bristle shaped petals that are yellow in color with red sepals.
the flower shown has a red pedicel and yellow anther
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and small.
a flower that has yellow tipped petals that are also red and dark green
this flower has yellow petals and a pedicel that is brown
this bright yellow flower has not yet opened from its brown enclosure.
this flower has closed yellow petals with green body sepal with red tips.
this flower is a hundreds of needle like yellow petals surrounded by a reddish sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a red stem, leaves, and sepal along with very many small yellow petals.

this flower has petals that are white with red shading
the flower has large white petals with a pink stigma.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a base that is pink.
sepals are green in color,the petals are rounded nad white in color
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white petals that stand upright and short pink stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this white flower has long and smooth pointed petals with short reddish pistils.
this flower has long white petals and short pink stamen in the middle.
this flower has soft white petals embedded in brown soil.

a small flower made up of five round smoothed pink red petals.
the rounded pale green leaves are broad with large red colored rounded petals with few stamens
this flower has a dark link petal and a green pistil
this flower is red in color, with small veins in the petals.
the broad, overlapping petals are a deep orange-red, and the leaves are circular with alternating patches of green and white.
this flower has a loose ring of rounded red petals with a wrinkled texture and a yellow ovary.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has five large and very round red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has bright hot pink petals that are flat with darker pink veins surrounding a greenish center.

this is a flower that has yellow petals with brown spots on them.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
the flower has petals that are yellow with yellow filaments and red anthers.
this flower has very long stamen and large pale yellow petals that have random streaks of brown on them,
this flower has yellow and purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has wide rounded petals of pale yellow with dark brown accents.
this flower has petals that are a greenish yellow, with some striped with brown.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
the flower has a set of yellow petals, the interior of which have bold brown spots.

this flower has long pink petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the center
this flower has petals that are pink with short stamen
the flower petals are oval in shape and are light purple in color
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has one overlapping row of long toothy fuschia petals.
this flower has a dark purple pistil and several bright yellow stamen, surrounded by many narrow bright pink petals.
a purple flower with a single layer of purple petals surrounding a dark purple ovule with many yellow stamen sprouting from it's center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has overlapping petals which are long and thin with rounded edges.

the petals on this flower are small oval in shape and peach and yellow colored
petals are overlaping,they are beige in color
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
the petals on this flower are peach fading to yellow.
the petals of this flower are peach and yellow and the pistil is a bright yellow
this flower has peach, pink, and yellow petals that are very small and oblong in shape.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a large number of yellowish petals, each of which have a darker line within it.

this is a flower with large white petals that have red dots on them.
the petals on this flower are white with purple dots.
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower has petals that are bell shaped and white with purple spots in the interior of the petal.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
a flower with long and tube shaped petals that are white with spots.
this flower has white bell shaped petals with green sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has vertical blooms of bell-shaped pale purple with rounded mouths.
this flower is white and bell shaped with purple speckles on the inside.

the flower has petals that are yellow with purple edges, purple anther and yellow filaments.
the petals on this flower are purple blending to yellow.
this is a flower with petals that are yellow toward the center and purple on the tips.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this is purple-yellow flower with petal shapes resembling ear lobes
the flower is so big with petals that are purple at the edges and yellow near the stamen that is sticking out from the centre
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are yellow with purple edges
this flower has bright dark purple and yellow petals surrounding a yellow and purple stamen.
this multicolored flower has large petals that are yellow with purple around the edges.

this flower has petals that are serrated, white and shaped like a star.
the petals of the flower are white in color with green veins and leaves.
the flower has white petals that are wavy at the edges.
this is a white, star-shaped flower with crinkly edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
a pistil and white petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
this flower has white petals with green leaves underneath it.
this flower has a white petal with uneven edges, green veins, and a funnel shape.

this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has ovel pedals of burgundy with pink dots that the ligh shows though and has a few yellow filaments .
the bloom of the flower is dropping and is red in color.
a flower with black and red speckled petals and no visible pistils.
the round red dotted petals on this flower are facing the ground.
this flower has down-turned petals whose colors are mottled in plum hues.
the bell shaped flower is big with petals that are soft, smooth and has pinkish circles with dark pink background and supported by green pedicel
the petals are triangular and point downwards and are dark maroon with light maroon spots.
this flower has petals that are red and has pink dots
this flower is purple and black in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping.

six spiky orange petals and two blue petals stand above a red and purple stem.
this flower is orange, and black in color, with petals that are pointed.
the pale red flower has an outer layer of oval shaped petals that are yellow in color with purple colored stamen
narrow orange and purple petals
this flower has a pointy orange petal with a dark red pedicel
this flower has pointed orange petals with a touch of blue blossoming out of grey colored bud.
this flower has orange and blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange.

a flower with large white and red petals folded into and on to each other
the flower has irregularly shaped yellow petals that are covering the central region
the flower has light yellow inner petals facing upward, and burgundy colored petals on the outside facing down.
two colored flower with middle petals in light yellow and outer petals in dark red color with yellow spots.
very large yellow and purple petals stand out on this flower
the alternating broad petals of this plant are a pale yellow and a burgundy red.
this flower has large and wide petals which are yellow and dark red.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and folded upwards
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has yellow and brown petals attached to a large brown pedicel.

stamen are yellow in color,petals are white and brown spoted in color
the petals are white with pink polka dots, and the stigma is bright yellow while the recepticle is green.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
a flower with spotted petals that are yellow and orange.
this flower is made up of six yellow petals with orange spots and orange edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
the peddles are light yellow with pink spots, the stamen are yellow
this flower has a mixer of colors with its pedals being red and a light yellow that are completely opened up.
this flower has sparse light yellow petals with a lot of red spot on them along with prominent stamen and pistil.

this flower has groupings of five petal off shoots that are butter yellow in the center and white around the edges.
the 5 round, disc-like petals of this flower seem to spiral out from the center, turning from bright yellow to pure white.
this flower has small white petals with yellow bases arranged in a twisting pattern.
these flowers look like pin-wheels with white and yellow petals.
the flower has beautiful white and yellow petals almost looking like eggs
a flower with yellow petals and are white on their edges.
this flower has yellow petals that have white edges and make a pinwheel shape
there are only five petals per flower and they are yellow closest to the center and white furthest from the center.
pinwheel like flowers whose petals are yellow on the inside land white on the edges.
this flower has multicolored petals with bright yellow at the base and white around the edges.

this flower has drooping petals that are purple with white dots.
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
the petals on this flower are purple with white dots
this flower has wide petals with a speckled pattern of purple and white, which form a cup shape facing downward.
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted purple with tear drop shapes.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this purple, bell-shaped flower grows upside down and has many spots on the outside of the petals.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple with spots.
this flower has purple and white dotted petals with a green pedicel.

a big bunch of several tiny orange flowers growing radially out from a thick central stem.
fluffy tuffs of yellow tiny petals that are close together, and form an elongated flower.
this flower has many little yellow anthers with a green sepal
this beauty has yellow fuzzy shaped petals with a yellow on the stamen as well.
this flower is mostly darker yellow and appears to grow upward from its base.
this flower has vertical yellow hair-like fringes of thick petals.
this flower has a very large number of small and spiky orange petals in a cone-like formation.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this light orange flower is composed of hundreds of tiny petals that make it look furry.
a group of golden puffy flowers with green leaves attached to the flowers.

pedicel is green in color,petals are blue ij color,flower is capsule in shape
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with a pink center
round purple flower with hot pink striping deep throat center
this almost transparent flower has five wide purple petals with pink edges at the sides and a deeply collection of stamen.
this flower has purple petals and the pistil is a white color with pink
this purple and pink flower has triangular petals and green sepals.
this flower has a large funnel-like shape with a blue coloring and pink markings.
a flower with long and curled petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center

a flower with leaf like purple petals with black lines going through the petals at their base.
this flower has petals that are purple with black lines
flower with four large purple petals and one white and purple petal.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the ovule.
this is a flower that has dark purple petals and one of the petals has yellow and white on it.
this white, purple, and yellow flower has five rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
the flower has dark purple overlapping flowers and a lighter purple petal on top.
this flower has five rounded purple petals with accents of yellow and white.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.

cone-shaped flowers, made up of one pale purple petal with ruffled lips, perch on the ends of thin brown stalks.
this flower has five delicate petals surrounding a darker throat.
these two purple cornet shaped flowers have curved petals.
this flower has big puffy purple petals with a bumpy texture
this flower has smooth pale purple petals with little ragged edges.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a wavy, ruffled appearance.
this flower has five lavender ruffled edge petals and dark purple stamen.
this flower is characterized by its wavy, bright purple petals as well as its dark purple pistil at the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.

the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around clustered stamens
many wavy, dry orange petals which appear wrinkled surround a large clump of stamen with yellow anthers.
the flower has orange petals with a yellow stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has orange petals with light orange stamen in the middle.
this flower has thin ridged orange petals arranged in a disk shape.
this orange flower has long pointed petals with yellow stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has overlapping yellow petals with golden centers and green stamen.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have green leaves that are wrinkled.
these yellow flowers have found petals and the center of the flower is darker than the outside.
the petals on this flower are white on the fringe and yellow inside
this flower has petals of two color white and yellow, which are overlapped in two layers .
this flower has white broad petals and dark yellow interiors.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.

a small purple spotted flower with petals that curl downward and have dropping purple anther.
this flower has petals that are white with purple spots and purple stamen.
the flower has pink spotted petals with a pink spotted stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this star shaped flower is white with purple spotting and its stamen is purple
this flower has white and purple petals that have dark purple spots on them
this particular flower has petals that are white dotted with purple
this flower has six long white petals which are thick with purple spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

the petals of the flower are short and pointed and are pink and yellow in color.
lovely flowers like the geranium in pale pink tones of beauty.
this flower is peach in color around a yellow center.
soft sherbet orange flower almost looks plastic.
the many layers of closely packed petals are peach and yellow, and the leaves are wide and toothed.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
a flower with long and anrrow petals that have a yellow center.
this flower has a mound of pale yellow and peach-colored petals.

five white petals yellow centers are arranged around six pistils.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with yellow anther in the center
this flower has large white petals and a bright orange set of anthers in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has seven heart like white petals that turn to gold close to the middle.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
this flower has small, overlapping petals that are yellow near the base and white elsewhere with a notch at the top end.
this flower has smooth heart shaped white petals with bright yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
large white, rounded petals surround pale yellow stigma and this pale yellow bleeds onto the white petals.

this is a star shaped flower that is white with purple spotting
a purple and white flower with star shaped spotted petals and white anther.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
anthers arelarger in size and are white incolor,petals are white and purple spotted
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower has six large, thick white petals with purple spots.
the petals of this flower are lavender and are covered in dark purple spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has white petals with a large amount of purple spots on them and a long white, furry stamen.
the petals of the flower are white with purple speckles and have green leaves.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
long pale pink curly petals surrounding very long pink stamen with bulbous anther.
this plant has very long pedicels and spider like pink flowers with long stamen at the top.
five lilac colored, wrinkled petals that surround several long hair-like stamen of the same color.
the petals of this flower are long and light pink with pink filament.
this flower has long and skinny stamen and light pink petals with curled ends.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the curved petals of the flower are a light pink color, with shades of white throughout the petals.
this pink flower has long petals that are skinny and rectangular in shape that surround long pink filaments topped with brown-green colored antenna.

this flower has petals that are burgundy with white edges and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with white edges
the petals of the flower are trimmed in white while the inside is pink in color.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with white pistil
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
this is a white flower that turns dark pink toward the receptacle.
the petals of the flower are white on the outer edge and maroon on the inside.
this pink and white flower has dense multi-layered petals with white stamen.
these flowers have pink and white petals with white green tipped stamen in the center of them.

delicate lavender fringe covers the surface of this flower, with multiple rust-edged sepal below it.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the petals appear to be low on the plant and are pointy and green while the bright purple stamen are the most visible part.
this flower has thick spiked green petals surrounding a top of fringed, hair-like purple.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen
the flower has a green hard petal with many lavendar stamens around the dark rust pollen tube
the purple petals are long and thin and clustered on a green and brown pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.

the petals of the flower are yellow in color with green leaves and sepals.
this flower has petals that are pale green with many green stamen.
the flower has yellow petals that are greenish colored as well.
this flower is green in color, with petals that are drooping over the center.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy stamen
the flower has five white petals with green, and white stamen.
this flower is light green in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has large white petals in a wheel shape with a lot of thin green stamen at its center.
this flower has green petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has five light green yellow petals with darker green stamen.

this flower has purple and white petals with white pistil in the center as its main features
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with a red circle
this flower has very long white filaments with tiny blue anther and five pink red and white petals with irregular edges.
the petals on this flower are pink with white specks.
the petals on this flower are dark pink and light pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has white stamen and petals that are varying shades of pink.
this flower has five rounded pink and fuchsia petals with serrated edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink edges
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and multi colored.

the flower shown has white petals with green lines on the inside of each petal.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals with pointed tips and ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are white wit yellow lines
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and fused at the sepal and starting as narrow tube but suddenly flaring out and forming star like shape
the white petals are the predominant image not showing the pistil of the flower inside.
a simple white trumpet shaped flower with no visible stamen or pistil and a bright green prominent pedicel.
a white pentagram shaped flower with green veins in the petals and a cone shaped center.
this flower has ruffled conjoined white petals and tiny pale green veins.

this flower has pointy green petals as its main feature
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are green and very thin
this flower has white furry petals with many green pointed ovaries.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
spike-like cluster ball of green and white tipped fuzzy petals.
this flower has a globe-like shape consisting of many spiked green and blue petals.
this flower is green and white in color, with sharp pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are greenand has white tips
this flower looks like a puffball,due to its many white stamen.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are leaf like in appearance.
this flower has large crimson bracts and a green cuplike flower at the center.
the flower has bright red petals with a green pollen tube
this red flower has ridged petals and bright green stamen.
this flower has several pointed red petals with leaf like veins.
this flower has long pointed red petals with green pointed leaves underneath the red ones.
this red flower has pointed petals and bright green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has long, pointed petals that are bright red in color with green stamen.
this flower has long, red petals with black veins and bright green stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a flower with broad pink petals with dark purple tips, green sepals and green pedicel
this flower has purple pedicel and light purple petals as its main features
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has large pink petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has a very small green sepal and layers of light pink petals in a cup-like configuration.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this is a flower that has pink petals and yellow anther.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and layers of soft pink petals.
the flower has bright pink petals and bright golden anther.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a orange stamen.

the tropical flower has sharp pointed blooms and has petals that are yellow in color.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this is a strange flower with orange long,skinny petals.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and pointed.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
a bird shaped flower with long orange petals leaning to the right.
this flower has bright orange petals extruding out at an odd angle.
this flower has petals that are orange and has pointy tips
this flower has tiny and pointy orange petals with sharp looking filament.
this flower is orange, green, and blue in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.

this flower has bright white broad oval shaped petals with light yellow stamen in the middle.
a flower with large white petals a green stigma and yellow stamen.
a white flower with 6 large white petals and large yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals and yellow stigmas with white pistil.
the flower has smooth white petals with little yellow anther and a green pollen tube.
the flower has six oval shaped white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has six wide and very smooth delicate white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has red sepals surrounding several large red petals which are slightly ruffled.
the flower has a very bright red colored set of petals with some shades of orange and pink.
a flower with several bright red orange roughly triangular petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this bright red flower has curly-edged petals combined with pale yellow and red-striped leaves.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has long, papery red petals and light yellow pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the red flower has petals that bright red and they are surround by a field of green.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the star shaped white flower has petal that is fused and also it is enclosing stamens in the centre
a soft white petaled flower with a yellow center and a short stem.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has petals that are white with green pedicel.
this flower has smooth white petals with green pistil in the center and a green pedicel.
this flower has a wide ruffled trumpet shape with pale green veins.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has a large white petal with uneven edges that has a general funnel-shape.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded and wavy.
an orange flower with smooth curled petals and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with patches of yellow
this pale orange flower has thin petals which curl on the edges and a cluster of stamens in the center.
this flower has large orange petals and stamen in the the middle of it
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.
this flower has large light orange petals with an orange pistil.
these flowers have orange petals attached to long green pedicels.
this flower has large and wide orange and yellow petals with ruffled textures.

a flower with very thing purple, white, and red petals with very large red anther and filaments
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with stringy stamen
a star shaped flower with long multiple colored stamen surrounded by green and white flat petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has very prominent green stamen and purple pistils that stand upright in contrast to a flat ring of blue filaments and white petals.
this flower is white, green, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with long and pointed pistils that are blue and yellow.
this flower has large white petals with a light green and brown pistil.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have a center that is detailed with yellow.
the flower has smooth white petals with a touch of yellow in spots
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are large and rounded,
this is a cream colored flower with few petals and brownish centers.
this flower has white petals with a lot of white stamen in the center of it
this is a white flower that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
a large group of white flowers with a yellow and purple center.
this flower has very smooth white petals with rounded edges and a mouth of purple and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
these flowers have butterfly shaped white pedals and yellow centers.

the pretty flower has dark blue petals that look like bells.
this is a smaller flower on a short stock with multiple downward pointing small blue spherical flowers.
this flower has several violet petals and a green pedicel.
these blue petals form bells of a smaller type giving the overall shape of a blueberry.
this flower has blue petals with a thick green pedicel
there are many deep blue bell shaped florets in a cluster with white fuzzy stamen.
this dark blue and white flower has toothed pedals and a green pedicel.
multiple flowers with one petal each that is dark blue and bell shaped alternating up the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
this flower has many small blue bell shaped petals with white rims.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are purple on the edges.
the petals are a bright purple on the edge and fade to white about halfway.
this flower has petals that are white with purple edges
the flower shown has blue and white petals, and purple anthers.
the flower has a single pedicel and has many stamen and its very colorful.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has white filaments with dark anthers and white and purple petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and purple along the edges.
the flower has a lot of pedal with purple and white paddle

this flower has pink petals with yellow markings as its main feature
the outer petals are vivid pink and the center petals have some yellow near center
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have yellow details with black specks.
this flower has petals that are pink with dark spots
this flower has pink and yellow petals with spots and green pistil.
this pink flower has many petals and some in the middle are yellow with black lines and the stamen is hanging down.
this flower has wide pink petals with accents of yellow and dark red.
this flower has colorful petals that are pink and yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow dots

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the funnel shaped red flower has petals is fused near the sepal and gradually flaring out as separate petals
this flower has bright pink petals with a dark pink center and a yellow and red pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has rounded red petals surrounding a thick, protruding red stamen.
this flower has tall style with a bulbous yellow signal surrounded by bright pink crinkled petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery style
the petals of the flower are a bright red color, and the tall stamens are various shades of red and yellow

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has several layers of overlapping, upturned pink petals with pointed edges.
the pink petals are tear shaped, semi double and point upwards and have semi green sepals.
the faint lavender and white petals are pointed and long.
this pale purple flower has a tint of green on the ends of its pedals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has multiple layers of white and pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has upturned layers of pink petals with slightly tapered tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower is has a tubular shaped petal that flares at the top in bright orange pink.
the petals on this flower are orange with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and bell shaped
flower is capsule in sahp eflower,it is red in color
this brilliant red tube like flower has short, wide petals and is textures throughout.
this flower has red petals that are attached until near the top.
this flower has petals that are red and in a bell shape
an elongated flower with a trumpet tip with bright red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has a single petal that is horn shaped.

this flower has purple petals and pistil as its main features
the pedals of this flower are lavender with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together and ruffled.,
this flower has small purple petals and a lot of purple anthers in the center
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
a flower that has several purple petals and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
this flower has lavender petals , anther filaments, and dark green grass like leaves.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has numerous layers of small pale purple petals that are grouped tightly together.

the pedals of this flower are lavender with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has large purple petals and no visible outer stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with a green pedicel
the petals are purple in color,sepals are dark green in color
these flowers have lavender petals with soft smooth edges.
this flower has purple petals with a green pedicel and a yellow ovule
this flower has large light purple petals and a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has paper like pastel purple petals with a small slim pedicle.

the flower shown has green sepal with purple and green pollen tubes and blue anther
a flower with large individual white petals with several green pollen tubes and pruple stamen.
a flower with a layer of evenly spaced white petals and very thin purple petals with large green stigma.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
scalloped white petals under white and dark and light thin narrow petals with a green and dark purple pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower has rounded green petals under a round fringe of thick purple hairs.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white and purple pistils.
this flower is white and blue in color, with oval shaped petals.

this flower has several large lake purple petals with ruffled edges and deep purple centers.
this flower has petals that are white with bits of purple
the flower shown has petals that are colored white on the outside, and purple on the inner part.
outer petals are light opurple,inner petals are dark pyrple in color
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large white petals that are purple at the tips.
light and dark purple petals droop downward with patches of yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
a flowerw ith long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this flower has long white petals with ruffled edges and a purple mouth.

the petals of the flower are oval shaped and are white in color with a green pedicel.
this flower features large droopy white petals completely covering the ovary.
the stamen on this lovely flower is hanging downward as if the white beauty is at rest.
the green flower is drooping down but still remains green.
this cream-colored flower has heavy petals and a creamy green pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled down ward.
this flower has petals that are white and folded downwards
this pale matte white flower has large petals facing downwards.
this flower has white petals which hang downward, hiding the pistil.
this flower has a downward hanging light green and white petals.

this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has many green sepals surrounding a hairlike fringe of purple petals.
this flower has green and purple colors on its petals with a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has very thin upright purple petals that sit upon layers of thick green sepals with purple tips.
thin, whispy light purple petals and large, green sepals.
this flower has petals that resemble leaves which open to surround a large grouping of purple stamen that have filaments but no antennas.
a large cup shaped flower with many purple string like petals sticking out of it.

several yellow petals surround a region of red spots in the center with some hairy yellow stamen in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this yellow flower has a small amount of orange on its petal and has many yellow stamen.
this flower is characterized by yellow stamens surrounded by five yellow petals with red interior markings.
the petals of the flower are yellow and have thin yellow filaments with yellow anthers.
the flower has a few big yellow petals as well as many little visible stamen.
there are 5 yellow, rounded petals that overlap with many yellow stamen in the center and large green leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange patches
large, round, yellow petals with orange-red towards the center, and yellow filaments.
this flower has large yellow fan shaped petals with bright orange spots closure to the pistil.

this flower has rows of thick green sepals surrounding a fringe of thin hairlike purple petals.
this flower is green and blue in color, with petals that are curve upward.
a large flower with no visible petals and lavender pistils protruding.
this flower has petals that are green with purple stamen
this flower has a lot of very thin petals that are a shade of light purple.
the sepal are large and broad, surrounding tiny lavendar petals.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a dense amount of thin purple petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has pointed green sepals surrounding several layers of orange and yellow petals with rounded edges.
the flower has petals that are yellow and dark pink with green pedicel.
the flower has red and orange petals with a purple pedicel
this flower has yellow petals with orange streaks on it, and no visible stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has layers of orange petals with curling yellow edges.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has yellow and peach petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has pointed green sepals and multicolored petals in varying shades of orange and yellow.

the flower shown has purple petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower has long pink petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a center made of yellow anthers.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by large, rounded purple petals.
this flower has delicate smooth pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel of it is green
this flower has broad, purple petals and yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this is a flower with long pink petals that are facing upward.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this smallish pink flower has dark green leaves, and its stamen is concealed behind the petals.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a flower with long and narrow petals that are curvy.
the petals of the flower are pink and the pedicel is dark brown
these flowers has hot pink colored petals sitting on brown tiny vines and dasrk green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the five petal vibrant pink flower comes out of a brown pedicel and ends in a point as it opens to the sky above.

the flowers have pink petals that are delicate and pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has very pale pink petals which are wide and smooth.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower is pink in color, and has one petal that is spotted.
this flower has thin stamen inside a five-pointed arrangement of light pink petals with darker pink spots.
the petals on this flower are mostly soft pink, and pink is the color of the stamen.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and multi colored.
gorgeous light pink flowers with soft pedals in a clusture.
this pale pink flower has petals which are rough along the edges.
this flower has five conjoined petals in shades of pale pink which ruffle at the edges.
the light pink petals on this flower are surrounding a very prominent pistil in the middle.
this flower has peach petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has large pink and white petals with long white stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has four pink to white flowers surrounding a brighter pink stamen.

this flower has heart shaped petals that are white with a red shade in the middle with other petals being yellow with dark red spotting
pedicel are green in color,anthers are larger abd are green in color
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are white with pink patches and dark lines
the petals are round and they are pink and white in color.
this flower has petals that are white and pink and has dark lines
a white and red flower with a long stigma and some brown dots.
this flower has three white heart shaped petals with a pink spot on them and three oblong white petals with dark lines and yellow markings.
this flower has white heart shaped petals with a pink spot in the center.
this flower has white and purple and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has large pedals whose color flows from orange to yellow.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow center
an orange and yellow flower with ruffled petals and black spots near the stamen.
this flower has petals that are dark orange with yellow stamen.
this orange, yellow, and black flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
an orange and yellow coloration flowers with some black lines.
this flower has a yellow ovary and bright orange rounded petals.
these flowers have orange curved petals with soft rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow center

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
the flower shown has yellow petals with orange lines on each petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark yellow lines
these flowers have small yellow petals attached to green leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has light yellow petals with an orange stripe on each one.
this flower has small light yellow petals with darker yellow near the base.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines

the color of the flower is purple and has a stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stringy stamen
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
a large purple and white pedaled flower with a large green and purple stigma.
this flower has purple petals with purple stamen in the center of it .
the pointed leaves of this flower are white graduating to a purple outline and purple rays in the center.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has greenish yellow stamen, purple filaments and magenta petals.

this flat flower has five light blue petals and a yellow core.
the petals on this flower are blue with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow center
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
a very large blue pentagon shaped flower with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center
this flower is light blue in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
the petals of the flower are blue in color and have a yellow inside with white veins.
this flower has a funnel-like appearance with a light blue petal and a yellow ovary.

the flower has petals that are red with red filaments.
this flower has two rows of large bright red petals and many dark brown stamen at the center.
a flower with large round red petals and clustered brown and black stamen.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has a red petal with black stamen and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
this bright red delicate flower has four to six petals and many stamens forming a dark whorl in its open center.
the flower has a few bright red petals surrounding black stamen, and pistil.
this flower has a central pod surrounded by upturned red petals with slight ruffled edges.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the pedals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
this flower is a beautiful pink/peach shade with a closed bud in center.
this flower has multiple layers of light pink flowers that become brighter on the upper layers.
this flower has overlapping layers of rounded pink petals whose edges curl slightly downwards.
this flower has a spiral layer of pale pink petals with rounded tips.
this flower has salmon pink colored petals that have rounded edges and arranged in layers that curl around the style.
this flower has petals that are pink and is bunched together
the peach colored petals overlap around this flower and bend outwards.
this flower you can not see any stigmas or pistils - the petals are a soft coral color and are round and multi-layered.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
what i like about this flower is its rich brightly colored petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
the flower is bent and the petals are pink and anthers yellow.
a cluster of flowers with pink petals and a large yellow stigma.
these flowers have wrinkled pink petals with orange stamen in the center of them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
the petals of this flower are big and pink and the pedicel is green
this is a pink flower with a long yellow pistil.
these flowers have wide spread pink petals with purple veins and yellow stigma.

the flower shown has purple petals which are its main feature
this flower has pink petals with vertical stripes of a paler pink and pale pink pistil.
the flower has a large bloom that is pink in color and the anthers are pink in the center.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged around the pistil forming a disc like shape
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has broad pink and white petals encircling a light pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has wide, pink petals with light pink stripes and a light pink stamen.
this flower has pink petals with a pink stamen in the center of it.
this flower has light pink petals that have dark pink stripes on them

pretty red petals with white in the center and a long pink stamen.
the flower has petals that are starting from sepals as a tube and getting suddenly separated and forming a disc like shape
the flower has petals that are white with red edges and shaped like a tube.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this large open flowering bloom has shades of from white to light pink to dark pink on its petals with a long thin pollen tube.
the deep pink flowers has a light pink pedicel and the inside is yellow
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has large white petals that are pink on the ends and the center of the flower is a bright yellow.
this flower has a trumpet-shaped petal that has bright pink edges and white near the center with yellow ovaries.
this flower has wide white petals whose ruffled edges are bright pink.

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this small flower has upturned yellow petals which are shiny and have smooth rounded edges.
the pedicel carries a single flower which has yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower displays a green pedicel and yellow petals with yellow stamen.
a small yellow flower petals folded around the stigma
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has a very thin green stem with a cupped arrangement of bright yellow petals.
this flower has yellow smooth petals attached to a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of pointed white petals with tall yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has thick yellow stamen surrounded by upturned white petals which have slightly pointed tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has vivid white rows of petals surrounding a cluster of bright yellow stamen.
this flower has white layers of smooth petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals and long narrow yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are red and yellow and tiny
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has small yellow petals and purple pedicel as its main features
the petals on this flower are red with some yellow as well.
this is an inflorescence of yellow flowers of canna genus, has purple colored calyx, and long big leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and have red tips
this flower has bright yellow petals and brown leafy stamen.
this flower has long, papery yellow petals and dark red pedicels..
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple pedicel.

this flower has long pink petals with white tips, and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
the flower petals are marronn in color with green shorter stigma
this flower has pink petals with white tips and many stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white at the tips.
these light purple petals have a white tip on them.
this flower has pink petals with pointed white tips arranged in multiple layers in a ray-like shape.
the flower is big with pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner with a bunch of yellow stamens in the center
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are pink with white tips, and it has yellow stamens in the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.

this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and close together.
this flower has protruding white stamen and wide white petals with purple accents.
this flower has big white petals that are pink on the outer edges, and are surrounding a bunch of stamen.
this flower has white petals with purple edges and green stamen with white anthers on them
this flower has petals that are white with pink tips.
the petals of this flower are light green near the pedicel and light pink towards the tips of the petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades fo pink
this flower has white petals with green veins and long, white stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and purple.

this flower has a lot of purple stamen all over the whole flower plant
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
a periwinkle flower with spikey petals creating a flower sphere.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower is shaped in a ball and has thorny petals with a green pedicel
this flower has spike-shaped light purple petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has a globe-like configuration of small blue tubular petals and jagged green leaves.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower has pointy purple petals with a green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are peach fading to yellow.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the outer petals are darker in color while the inner ones are lighter.
the flower shown has layers of light pink and yellow petals, and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow shading
this particular flower has petals that are light brown with a yellow center
this flower has layers of small oblong petals that are pink and yellow in color.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed petals and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
the flower has pale pink petals on the outer edge and gradually turn pale yellow in the center.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals are an orange hue with splashes of yellow.
orange flower with green leaves and droplets of dew on its petals and leaves
this flower has an orange, red and yellow tint with a yellow colored stem.
orange and red petals sit atop the green sepal and pedicel
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow center
this flower has sparsely arranged round orange petals with a ribbed texture and yellow stamen.
this orange and red flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has orange and yellow petals attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has five distinct orange petals with rounded edges.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with red patches
the petals on this flower are together making the flower circular on the top and are the color pink
this round trumpet shaped flower has conjoined pink petals which bell slightly at their edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the ovary.
the purple petals that surround a single white stamen give this flower and overall circular shape.
this flower has conjoined pink petals in a rounded star shape.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has bright pink petals with folds, which are shaded red.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines

a cluster of flowers with white and purple speckled petals and pistils.
a bright purple flower with small pointed petals and whispy stamens.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
this brightly colored purple flower features small separated pointed petals.
this flower consists of fuzzy purple and white pedals with a purple and white stamen.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has sparsely placed petals that are white with purple spots.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a purple pedicel.

this flower has long and pointy orange petals and no visible stigma
this flower has several long, sharply pointed yellowbpetals which point upwards.
this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the outer flower petals are purple in color and the inner flowe petals are yellow in color
the flower has thick pointy yellow petals with green sepal
this flower has pointed, thin, very shiny petals in a vivid yellow hue.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow, blue and green in color, with petals that are sharp and pointed.
a flower with hard leaves that are a bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very thin

this bright orange blossom is a single petal shaped like a heart, with a long white stigma in the center.
a flower with a large red petal and towering white and yellow pistil.
this flower has a single, shiny orange petal with white stamen.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are red with big yellow stigma
the petals on this flower are mostly dripping red, while the stamen is a corncob.
this particular flower has petals that are shiny and dark red
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style
this orange flower is shiny with a yellow stamen on it surrounded by green leaves.
a flower with one petal that surrounds the yellow pollen tube.

the flower has many petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has numerous very thin yellow petals which protrude in multiple directions.
the flower has many smaller yellow petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower has dozens of long thin yellow petals with tiny long thin yellow stamen sticking out of the ovule.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and flat on the ends.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
the flower has very thin yellow petals with thin yellow anther and filament.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a large number of very skinny bright petals.
this bright yellow flower has long petals with green stems

this flower has long white petals with a purple stigma in the center
this flower has petals that are white with purple shading
a flower with white petals, and the inside of the pistil has a purple and yellow color.
the petals on this flower are purple with white sepal and a green pedicel
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has a tall trumpet shaped petal with purple insides at the center of a star-like configuration of white sepals.
this flower has five very distinct white petals and a curved mouth of purple and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this purple yellow and white flower has rounded petals and white sepals.
this flower has long oval shaped white leaves with pointed edges and purple stamen in the center of it.

a dark and light pink shaded petaled flower drooping down towarss the ground
this flower has a drooping head with slightly pointed petals of purple and white.
this bell shaped red and white flower is droopy and low.
these flowers have purple petals with white spots and a purple pedicel.
this flower has a large pink petal and a pink pedicel
this drooping bell-shaped flower is spotted dark purple and white.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are drooping down ward.
these pink petals with pointed ends have a scaly like appearance and no sepal underneath.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
medium sized, bell shaped, red with white spotted petals and brown pedicels.

this flower has large layered bright yellow petals that bloom outward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower is rose like with yellowish white overlapping petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the light yellow petals of this flower are arranged in layers.
this flower has bright yellow petals that are tightly wrapped around the pistil.
this flower has large yellow petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded togetehr
this flower opens in a swirl of petals that are deep yellow at center and light yellow in the outer layer.
the flower has a yellow large petals around the pollen tube

this flower is unique because the petals look like they're all stuck together
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are white in the center.
pedicel are green in color,the petals are blue in color
the flower is blue with its petal that are soft, smooth, fused together and enclosing the stamen in the centre
this flower has a large surface area with purple petals and a small white anther.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower is one large blue petal with violet vertical lines and yellow to white deep in the center.
this vibrant violet flower has streaks of white stretching out from its dull, off white center pistil.
this flower has five smooth and soft conjoined blue petals with faint purple accents.
a purple flat petaled pentagon shaped flower with a white stigma peeking out of the cone center.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
the flower shown has small red petals with yellow pistil
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by layers of long red petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a large red flower and yellow flower, red large petals and yellow pollen tube.
this flower has red petals with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
this bright red flower has pointed petals and a dark brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
many red petals surround multiple red stamen atop a green pedicel.

this round flower has short but narrow pink petals accompanied by a bunch of stamens.
the papery curved petals are light pink and have pink veins and light green sepals.
this pale flower contains a large purple and yellow stigma that protrudes from the pollen tube.
the flower has orange petals with green stigmas in the middle
this distinctive flower features large white red veined petals surrounding a clump of maroon stamens.
this flower has pale peach-colored petals which have smooth edges and veins.
this tan flower has purple stamen.
this flower is peach and green in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has green stamen, red and white anther filaments, light salmon colored petals and a green thorny pedicel.

the flower has white petals that are white with purple around the lining
this flower has petals that are white white edges and single yellow spot.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the petals of the flower are white with dark pink trim and ruffled edges.
this flower's petals are angular and irregular with a white coloring that bleed to light purple along the outer edges.
this flower has wavy multicolored petals that are white with pink edges and a bit of yellow at the center.
the petals of the flower are pink and white in color and have green leaves.
these delicate petals are rimmed with pink, and conceal purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.

this is a flower with four yellow petals that are darker toward the center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
four dark yellow petals become dark yellow to orange in the center and surround many orange stamen in the center.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a thin green stalk.
this flower has yellow petals with yellow stamen coming out of the middle of it
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is satellite shaped
this flower has yellow orange petals, orange stamen and a fuzzy long light green pedicel.
there are four, large, wide petals with round edges that are bright yellow.

a flower that has white petals that are purple on the inside with some tones of yellow
the flower is so big with white petals that are separated and forming curly tips
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy.
five white petals, two large and frilly, three smooth and thin, ring a cone-shaped petal with ruffled lips that has a purple and yellow interior.
these flowers are white with a single pedal that is lavender at the tip.
this flower has very smooth white petals and a ruffled purple mouth.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple patch
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this white flower has two kinds of petals, one being a cylinder shape with a purple interior, the other being large sepal-like solid whites.
the flower has petals that are white with wavy edges on the outside.

the pink and white petals of this flower sits among broad shiny green leaves.
the flower has petals that are upright and pink with a center white stripe.
this pink flower has long and oval petals which are densely place around the flower.
the flower has thin pink petals that also has white middles.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has several pointy pink petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has oblong petals that are white and pink.
this is a pink flower with it's petals in multiple layers that are lighter colored at their center.

this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this purple and white flower has tiny petals and a thick brown pedicel.
this flower has a round petal, with a light blue color petals
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are star shaped.
the flower shown has white pedicel and white pistil with white petals
this flower has a round shape comprised of tiny thin-petaled purple blossoms.
this flower has many violet petals that are fishing hook shaped connected to a vast number of exposed pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, with star shaped petals.
the flower has many smaller flowers with blue petals arranged in a puff ball.
this flower has petals that are pruple and very thin

this flower features white petals with magenta tips and a unique, yellow stamen at the center.
the flower has white petals with bright pink tips and a yellow center.
this is a pink and white flower with a green petal
soft, pink tinted edges reminds me of the tropics.
the pretty flower has long white petal with pink at their tips.
this flower has white petals that are pink on the ends and a nearly hidden ovule.
petals have no apparent structure in relation to the flower but each petal is white at the largest part and becomes pink at the narrower tip.
this flower has petals that are white and haspink edges
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has a wide yellow pistil and white petals with pink tips.

this flower has petals that are pink wit yellow stamen
the flowers has a set of petals that seems to be one piece but could be made up of several smaller pieces.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has pink trumpet like petals with dark veins and a deep throat where reproductive structures are barely visible.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has bright magenta petals, a light greenish yellow stamen and white ovule.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
a flower with big purple petals and small yellow stamen.
the pink petals have dark pink veins and encircle small, yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are only white near the center.

this is a flower that has dark blue petals and a yellow stigma.
this star-shaped flower has a prominent pistil between a group of blue petals aligned closely with one another.
this flower has petals that are dark blue with a yellow stigma.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are striped on the inside.
a blue flower with a dark blue inside.
this flower has a trumpet shape of indigo and blue coloring.
the blue petals are turned outwards in the shape of a star and slightly ruffled and the stigma is yellow.
this flower has large blue petals with a bright yellow stigma.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are spotted near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a big style

this flower has yellow petals and yellow stamens that matches the petals.
a flower with yellow petals accompanied by yellow pistils.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the stamens of the flower are thing and form a distinctive star shape, and is a vibrant yellow color.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin
there are four triangled shaped yellow petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has small yellow petals and small yellow stamens.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower shown has layers of red petals and a red center.
this brightly colored flower has red petals what overlay one another with orange colored anther.
a flower with bright vivid red petals and central cluster of orange and black stamen
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has overlapping golden-colored stamens, a dark red pistil, and bright red petals that are almond-shaped.
this flower has bright red petals around yellow stamen and a dark red pistil..
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this red flower has many layered pointed petals, and orange anthers.
the beautiful flower has red petals that are so vivid, soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner around yellow stamens

this odd shaped flower has both petals and stamen that are purple and a stem that is green.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
the flowers petals has small purple petals with long green stems.
the petals of the flower are purple and have a thick green stalk.
the flower has purple stamen and light purple round petals.
this flower has small purple petals and long white stamens.
this is a flower with light purple petals on it.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purpe stamen

the flowers has three purple petals that have uneven borders.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are light lavender and overlapping.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of pink
this flower has pink leaves, purple petals, and a light green pedicel.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading
this flower has lightly colored purple petals with a smooth surface and slightly uneven edges.
this calm purples all over the flower two different kind peddles very beautiful.

the white petals are overlapping each other and the stamen is yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen with three layers of white petals.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the long, white petals of this flower have rounded tips. the filaments and anthers are yellow.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has thick yellow stamen at the center of layers of white oblong petals.

the flower is white with petals that are fused together near the sepal and forming a bell shape and has stamen in the centre
the flower has petals that are bell shaped, white with yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has white petals shaped like bells and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
these flowers are white and bell shaped, with petals that are rounded on the ends, and a yellow stigma.
the beautiful white flower has fused petals that are so soft, smooth and forming a bell like shape with yellow stamens sticking out from the center

this flower has orange petals with orange anther and filament
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled in appearance.
this flower has petals that are orange with long steman
the flower shown has orange petals as its main feature.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange in color and the inner stamen is the color brown.
this flower has four orange petals with a trumpet shaped yellow center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has big, bright orange petals as well as orange stamen.
this flower has orange petals with a shade of yellow in the middles

this flower has purple petals, purple stigma, and yellowish filament and yellowish anther.
the flowers have purple petals that are thin, long, and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are bright pink with yellow or purple stamen.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a purple flower with lavender disc floret bud and the pedicel are green
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers have pink layered petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has a double row of elongated pink petals surrounding a purple and yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma

this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the flower has white petals with a yellow and orange stigma.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with five petals that are yellow on the inside and white around the edges.
this flower has five petals on it that are yellow in the center and white toward the edges.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers have five petals each which are yellow in the middle and white on the edges.
the pistil and stamen are not visible in the middle of the five large petals of each flower that are yellow in the center of the flower and white further away from the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

this is a flower that has pointed yellow and blue upward pointing petals.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has thick and sharply tipped petals of bright yellow which angle directly upwards.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has bright orange blue petals shaped like a bird head and a pink pedicel.
this flower has long, spiky petals, some of which are orange and some of which are blue.
this flower has yellow and blue petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with many stamen
this flower has a central sphere of yellow stamen surrounded by ruffled white petals which are slightly downturned.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted.
this flower has large wavy white petals around a prominent spherical pistil with many orange stamens.
this flower has wrinkled white floppy petals with a bundle of orange stamen in the center of it.
the flower has six thin white petals with gold colored anthers.
this flower has a round yellow ball center surrounded by very ruffled white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the delicate white petals of this flower open widely and reveal a dense ball of yellow stamen.

the petals of the flowers are red on the outer layer and pink on the inner layer with yellow anthers.
the flower has white petals with red sepal and yellow anther
five dark red petals provide a background to five pink, cone-shaped petals, which are dark red inside and provide a background to a neat cluster of pale yellow stamens.
the flower has petals of a pinkish hue with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals of two colors, the larger ones on the bottom are red and the top layer of petals are red and pink.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright and dark red and pink in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has very large red sepals underneath a five-pointed configuration of white petals with red spots at their base.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are white colored with red spots.
the petals of the flower formulate a distinctive circle pattern near the base of each petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and red and has yellow stamen

this flower has white round petals with small pointed tips and light gray-green leaves.
the leaves are duill green in color and the flower is bight wite in color and capsule shaped
the flower has a white smooth petal with white anther and filament as well
this flower is white in color, with petals that are connected.
this flower has large white petals, and large white stamen in the center
this flower has conjoined white petals which are soft and very smooth.
this flower has tall white stamen and a large white petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has a satellite shape
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has white petals with short tips and a long white stamen.

this flower has a long orange petal with yellow dots on it
the flower has a green pedicel with orange petals with red spots on them
this flower has six long orange petals with deep red accents.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
this flower has long and rounded orange petals with bright red dots.
this flower has sparsely arranged yellow and orange petals with darker orange spots on them.
the long think petals on this flower have red spots on them and sit on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red spots
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has alternating petals that are light pink in color with smaller stamen and pistil
this flower has long pink petals and no visible outer stamen
a water flower with pink petals and no visible pistils.
long, narrow blooming pink petals with no visible pollen tube or stem.
this flower has many layered pink and white petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has many layers
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red.
this flower has beautiful pink and whites odd shaped it petals
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the blue color disc shaped flower has petals that are soft, smooth and supported by green sepal
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has a single purple petal that has a long visible stile, the petal is more white near the stile.

this flower has petals that light pink with green pedicel.
the flower's pale purple petals are irregularly-shaped, with a fuzzy green pedicel and small leaves.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a green stem.
this flower has smooth lightly colored purple petals that are sparsely arranged.
this flower contains light purple petals that show a lack of symmetry.
a thick mossy green pedicel supports the round purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and curly.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together

this flower has faded pink petals that are green at their pointed tips.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are green on the tips.
a purple and white flower with green tips on the petals and a thick green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green tips while the leaves are green.
the flower shown has pink petals with light green sepal
this flower has petals that are pink and has green tips
a flower with pink petals with green tips at the top of the plant, with green sepals which contain a white and purple petal.
this flower has vertical layers of upturned pink petals with green tips.
a flower with long and wide petal that is pink with green tip.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.

this flower has a pink petal and the petals are curved inwards and has no visible stamen
this flower has pointed green sepals surrounding overlapping rows of rounded pink petals.
the petals of the flower are melon color and have a green sepal.
the flower petals are alternately shapd and are pink in color
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and supported by sepal
this flower has layers of smooth, rounded red petals which curl slightly at their edges.
this pink and yellow flower has rounded many layered petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has pink petals with curled edges that unfurl from the center.

this flower has petals that are red with green edges
long yellow petals with pink centers rising in the center of the flower with stamen forming a fringe around the outside.
a pink and yellow flower with filaments protruding from the bottom.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and wavy.
the stamen of this flower appear below the petals which are elongated and yellow with ruffled edges and pink centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red tips
a flower with long and narrow petals that are curly.
this flower has elongated curvy yellow petals with bright pink stripes down the center.
this flower has four large petals that are light red with a yellow outline.
the petals of the flowers are irregular and have pink in the middle and yellow around the edges. the stamen seems to be outside the petals and long as the petals.

this is a large flower with pink and white petals and green leaves.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has petals that are lare and pink, with white edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red wiht green edges
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
this particular flower has petals that are long and red with a green cetner
this flower has a large amount of variegated pink and white petals that range from very big to quite small.

the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple rounded petals with a stamen that has purple wavy pieces.
this flower has petals that are purple with string purple stamen
this flower has purple petals and green and purple stamen.
the flower is so big with petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner below the disc of curly stamens
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this particular flower has petals that are short and purple with a lighter purple center
this flower has bright purple petals, blue filaments, white pistils, and yellow stamen.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long white petals.
the flower has a number of thin, long white petals, and bright yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals in the shape of a circle and are white and thin with a yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the white petals form a disk around a cluster of golden colored stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has very small white petals with many yellow anther in the center.
this flower has a wide yellow center with long white petals.

this flower has five petals in purple patterns with very serrated edges.
the petals on this flower are purple with dark purple dots.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark purple blotches
a flower with light purple speckled petals and bluish purple pistils.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the brilliant purple petals of this flower are broad and spiked, and spotted with with a ring of darker purple and white.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that have spots on them.
this flower has ruffled purple petals with darker purple designs on them.
this flower has several ruffled purple petals with a circular mottled purple pattern in the middle.
this flower has pink petals with a purple circle around them

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
has many stamens that are white in color with yellow anthers
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has multiple white stamen surrounded by large pointed petals in a pale purple color.
this flower has purple petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wilted.
the flower has smooth spade-like leaves and consists of two layers of spade-like purple petals, each with three lines running from the center of the flower to meet at a point at the pointy end of the spade-like petal, while in the center sits a clump of yellow and white stamen.
this seven purple petal flower has a long white and yellow pistil.
this flower has short thin yellow filaments and creased blue petals.

the flower has nice red petals with red and white stamen in the center
a flower with bright red petals and pistils with white anther filaments.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
this flower has dark red petals and a few whit stamen with white anthers on it
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curled back at the edges.
this flower has wide red petals with curled edges which slightly overlap.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
the flower has pink stamen and red round soft petals.
the petals of this flower are big and red and the pedicel is green

limp yellow petals, thin, pointed, and widely spaced, surround a black and gray center, covered with bumps, above pale, wrinkled green leaves.
these flowers feature yellow petals and a dense, brown center.
this bright yellow flower has long yellow petals and a brown center
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the flower shown has yellow petals as well as dark anther and a pollen tube
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has long narrow yellow petals that surround a dark center filled with black stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has a round brown center and long thin yellow petals.
this flower has long yellow pedals with a brown stamen and brown stigma.

this flower has yellow pistil with yellow and blue petals as its main feature
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
the flower shown has white petals and several yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this is a white flower with purple petals and yellow stamen and stigma.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pistils are yellow
this particular flower has petals that are dark blue on the outer edges and white in the center
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has small lavender petals with yellow strings of stamen in the center of it.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

this bright yellow flower has a slender pale green pedicel and stepal, and straight-edged smooth yellow petals.
the flower shown has yellow petals and a long green pedicel
the flower has a bloom attached to a green stem and petals that are yellow in color.
this flower has a small bright yellow petal and a light green pedicel
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are triangle shaped.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a thin light green stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a satellite shape
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and curved upward
a yellow color flower with green pedicel and the leaves are thin
this flower is made up of seven petals that start out yellow amd get oranger closer to the stamen.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
the flower has a bloom made of pink petals and a center made of a pink anther.
this flower has a large pink pollen tube surrounded by wide pink petals with vertical creases and ruffled edges.
this flower has large pink petals and a large pink stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pistil.
these pink flowers have striped petals of pink and lighter pink and the pistil is pink
this flower is pink and white in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has pink petals that have red lines on them
this is a large round shaped pink flower with white stripes on the petals.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the petals of the flowers are orange and yellow in color with green leaves.
this flower has many layers of long, flat orange petals that grow away from the center of short yellow stamen.
layers of slender, oval petals lie smoothly around multiple yellow stamen. the petals fade from bright yellow at the base to deep orange at the tips.
this flower has many orange petals that change to yellow as they meet in the center around a clustered group of yellow stamen.
the flower is so big and beautiful with petals that are soft, smooth and orange in color and has yellow bunch of stamen in the centre
a flower with long and narrow and are orange.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has orange petals that have small and yellow stamen

flower is star shaped,petals are larger and broader and are yellow incolor
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are striped on the inside.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
this flower has bright yellow petals with deep veins and brown spots that fan out from the petal bases.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a trifold shape.
a flower with petals that curl outwards and is yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that have small veins.
this flower has yellow petals, yellow filaments and black anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
the yellow petals have dark brown stripes and are in the shape of a narrow vase.

the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming disc like shape
this flower has white pistil and small rose colored petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals of this flower are dark red almost orange, and the pedicel is green
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has bunches of blossoms grouped together, each with small pink rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the petals of the flower are a solid vibrant red color throughout the petals.

the petals of this flower are white and pink with a short stigma
the flower has petals that are bell shaped and white, with purple spots on the interior of the bell.
the petals of the flowers are made of white and pink blooms that grow up a green stalk.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted inside.
jarred shaped flower with light purple petals, and a zebra decorated one leading to the pistil
this flower has white and purple petals that are formed into a bell shape with white and brown spots in the middle of the flower.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
this flower has small green sepals and white bell shaped petals with darker spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

this heart shaped flower has a large, single stigma in the center.
this flower has one waxy, leaf shaped petal with a solid thick stamen.
the flower is made of a single bloom that is red or white in color.
these blooms are waxy red and waxy white in color with long white pollen tubes protruding from them.
two flowers both waxy looking with heart shaped petals and a long white stamen with a yellow tip.
these flowers have a red and a white petal with white stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a textured thick stamen surrounded by a waxy and veined, pointed petal.
red and white and yellow
this flower has petals that are red and white and has big style
a flower with a large petal that wraps around the pollen tube.

the flower is strange looking , the petals is long and purple and pink in color
this flower has purple sepal and pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are purple and pink and skinny
outer petals are maroon in color,inner petals are red in color
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has spiky pink petals that are sparsely arranged and purple spiky sepals.
the petals are purple with pink tainted with red above them.
the flower has purple petals around its base, and then several bright pink, trumpet shaped petals on top.
this flower has petals that are pink and purple and are very thin
the sepal is a dark purple while the petals are long, tubular and a dark pink radiating out in all directions.

this flower has bell shaped blue blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has petals that are blue and closed together
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are bulb like.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
a berry looking purple flower in a stacked dome like shape.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has purple round petals with green ends and a green pedicel.
a flower with short and puffy petals that are blue.
these dark blue flowers grow in a cone shaped bunch and a are ball shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and bucnhed together

a medium sized all yellow flower with wide petals and a yellow stamen.
bright yellow paper-like petals that open wide to reveal the center of the flower.
this flower is bright yellow with big petals that overlap each other.
the flowers have yellow petals and the anthers are yellow as well.
bright yellow flowers with a small stigma and very small stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and make a pinwheel shape
this is a yellow flower with overlapping petals and short yellow stamen.
this yellow flower has rounded many layered petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has very smooth. heart-shaped petals in bright yellow hues.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this is a yellow and white flower with many layers of petals.
this flower has many rows of soft yellow pedals and a dark green pointed sepals .
the flower shown has a green pedicel with yellow and white petals
this huge yellow bloom has several layers of delicate pedals.
this pale yellow flower has numerous petals and thin sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
the flower is characterized by its layered, light yellow petals, and its dark green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered and ruffled on the edges.
this flower's main feature is its many cream colored petals.

the petals on this flower are orange and four in number
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are small and rounded.
this flower has flat yellow petals tinted with red surrounding a white pistil and on top of a green pedicel.
these flowers have yellow and dark orange petals above a green sepal.
this flower is yellow and orange two tone petals four of the wide and flat
this flower has four yellow petals with dark orange on the outside tip of petal and a white pistil.
the petals of the flower are ruffled in appearance and are orange in color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
two to three brightly colored light orange petals, reminiscent of mushrooms growing from a tree, with a single white pistil protruding from the center of each flower.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the flower shown has very small yellow petals with green pedicel
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
a ball shaped flower with many small pale yellow petals overlapping to form a circular shape.
this flower has many small, bright yellow petals that are tightly grouped together in a circle, obscuring the view of the pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
a large yellow flower with many small yellow flowers covering it's entire surface.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

the petals of the flower are long and skinny and yellow in color.
this flower is vibrant yellow in color with yellow ovules and very skinny petals.
this flower has vibrant yellow petals and stamen within the center.
a yellow composite flower of asteraceae family with very thin spike-like several yellow petals and central yellow stigmas and stamens.
this flower has numerous bright yellow petals, and a dense center of anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has numerous layers of long, very thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this is a bright yellow flowers with long petals, almost like a sunflower
this flower has dozens and dozens of long, slim, yellow petals arranged in a circle around some densely packed short yellow stamen.

a brown stem stretches to a bright yellow petals that are all collectively centered together.
this yellow flower has toothpick shape petals with stamens of similar color.
yellow compound flower head with thicker petals on the outside and yellow filaments in the center
this little flower is yellow with lots of little petals.
the flower pictured has lots of yellow petals with a long green pedicel
this flower has a cluster of rows that are colored bright yellow and has square tipped petals.
this flower has layers of long, thin hair-like yellow petals.
this bright bold yellow flower has an overall round shape with many blade like petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has multiple rows of skinny yellow petals that form a ball.

the flower has hundreds of purple anther and filament with grey petals
this flower has petals that are tiny pointed and purple.
this flower has a lot of green petals and a large amount of purple stamen
this beautiful purple flower is lying against what appears to be a steel gate, this flower closely resembles a porcupine.
this large flower has green petals and purple stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are dried and wrinkled.
this flower has a thick and spiky ring of lightly colored sepals underneath a disk of very thin purple petals.
the outer leaves of the flower are a light green color, and the stamens of the flower are a vibrant purple color.
the flower has purple long stamen and thin white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy

this flower has one white and large petal with stigma in the middle.
the flower shown has white petals with a long green pedicel
this flower is white in color, with only one large white petal.
a long green pedicel running into a large white smooth flower.
this flower has what appears to be a single white petal, that long and pointed on one side, and a large yellow pistil.
one large white petal folds around and over itself to encircle a bright orange pistil.
this flower is small in size, white, with one large pedal, and a long pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are white and has an orange stigma
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a long green stem and large white petals with a thick yellow stigma.

the flower has yellow petals which appear to be drooping with a green pedicel
the petals of the flower are color yellow with red stripes.
a flower with green pedicel and drooping yellow and brown petals
the newer petals of this flower of yellow petals with red coloring at the base reach upward while the outer older petals curve downward.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and have veins.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has a thick green receptacle that holds droopy bright yellow petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with purple around the edges
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are purple only on the edges.
this is a flower with white petals that are purple at the tips.
the pedals of this flower are white and pink with a short stigma
this flower has white petals which are spotted with purple edges.
multiple rows of white with purple highlighted petals getting tighter towards the stamen.
this flower has layers of wide white petals whose ruffled edges are tipped with purple.
the flower has several layers of petals that are white with purple edges and spots.
this flower has a thin green pedicel with white petals that have purple edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges

the yellow flower is beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in different layers forming disc like shape around stamens
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
the center of the flower is black with the petals overlapping.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the petals on this flower are yellow with a black center.
this flower has a dark brown center surrounded by layers of long yellow petals.
this flower has long, thin and yellow petals with a dark brown center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a red stamen.

five pale white papery petals surround a lighter yellow throat.
this flower has conjoined white petals with green veins, which are slightly ruffled with pointed edges resembling a star shape.
the flower peals are white in color with larger stamen that are white in color
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this white trumpet shaped flower has green veins running through it and a white pistil in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
a white star shaped flower with green markings and gray stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
the flower has a white anther in the center of the flower along with smooth white petals with green towards the center.
this flower has a white petal with uneven edges, yellow veins, and a funnel shape.

the flower has petals that are white, with a singe petal that is white, with purple tip.
this flower has soft floppy white petals and one on each flower has purple coloring.
the petals of this flower are white and purple with a short stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with a patch of purple
there are white, flat, ruffled petals and petals that are ruffled, purple, white, and vase shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, with wavy and curled petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of purple
this flower has white petals with one petal having purple coloring on the inside of the petal.
this flower has broad white petals with a purple interior and yellow stamen.

both the green stamen and the white and reddish purple petals extend outward from the green pedicel.
this red and yellow flower has several long curled petals and also has lots of long anthers with large filaments at the top.
this flower has six long yellow and red petals with wavy edges that curl at the tip, long green stamen, and broad smooth green leaves.
the flower has large yellow and burgundy petals with green filaments.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has red and yellow petals with curved edges and green stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has long red and yellow curled petals with wavy edges and long yellow stamen.
this flower has long thin red petals with ruffled yellow edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges

this flower is bright blue in color, and has petals that are bent backwards.
the pollen tube is blue with a white stigma, and the petals are blue.
this flower has blue petals with some brown spots and a green pedicel
this small blue flower is shaped like a bell.
the flower has cupped, blue petals and a prominent bluish pistil.
this flower has an open trumpet shape and bright vivid blue petals.
this flower has a small green sepal, a white pistil, and bright blue petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green edges
this flower has bell shaped petals that are blue and green, with a single purple and white pollen tube.
this flower has blue petals attached to green sepal and green pedicel.

this bright blue flower has pointed petals in the shape of a star.
five or six blue petals with dark blue veins surround delicate white taper-like stamen with a light blue pistil.
the flower shown has blue petals and a white pollen tube.
this orchid color flower has five petals with five white stamens, and a white stigma.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are purple with veins.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and has leaves that are green in color.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has a star-like configuration with bright blue petals and thin white stamen and a white pistil.
this blue flower has pointed and veined petals with white stamen.

this flower has red petals and a golden yellow stigma.
a flower with red petals and yellow pistils with red anther filaments.
wide, rounded red petals surround a smaller yellow center area with red anthers protruding out of it.
this flower has several wide, rounded red petals, which are slightly ruffled.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower has bright red petals, yellow center, and broad green leaves.
the flower has round red petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has bright red petals with round edges and a slightly wrinkled texture.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.

a bell shaped lavender flower with no visible pistils showing.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dishes
flowers are laternately arranged.,they are light purple in color
these flowers have long bell shaped petals that are pink and yellow with dark spots.
this pink, yellow, and dark red flower has rounded pedals and a green pedicel.
this flower has large pink petals that are cone-shaped and have dark spots leading to the center.
the flower has large, bell shaped petals that are purple and white with dark red spots on them, that protrude from a large green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
this flower has it's purple brown spotted petals in a bell shape.

the petals are purple are white and purple and the stamen are yellow.
the flowers has a set of 5 white petals with purple sepals.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and white and yellow
this flower has central petals that are white and outer petals that are purple.
this flower has prominent thin yellow stamen at the center of five white petals and bright blue sepals.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has blue petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the purple flower has different shapes of petals and has no stamens.
this flower has a fushia colored flat spike and on the side three petaled flowers open up into a purple blossum.
a pink and purple flower that is embedded in a group of leaves
the flower has a purple and blue petal with some rigged egdes
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has a layered pink petal with a small purple petal attached to it.
this flower has a thin purple petal as well as a dark purple petal with a rigged design and pointy tips.
this flower has three small blue petals that are smooth in texture.

the pedals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has large pure white petals that have a point sticking off the ends.
this flower has large white petals and a long yellow stigma in the center
a flower with white petals and light green pistils accompanied by white anther filaments.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected to each other.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
the petals of the flower are a solid white color, and the stamens are a light green color.
this flower has a large white petal with a smooth texture.
this particular flower has petals that are white and round

the petals are pointed and primarily white but with red stripes while the stamen is light green.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with white lines
the petals are pink and white and stamen that are white and yellow.
the petals on this flower are white with red lines.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals, and white stamen with orange anthers.
this flower has white and pink pedals with white stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has a green ovary, white filaments with yellow anthers, and white and red petals.

this thorny flower has purple pointed petals, a bulbous ovary and a pointed pedicel.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
a tiny purple flower with a green receptacle and purple style.
the bloom on the prickly plant is pink in color and has long filaments.
this flower has thick round green heads which are spiked all over.
this flower has spiny, pink petals, and appears rough and sharp.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
these flowers are green, spiky, and bulb shaped with fuzzy purple texture near the top.
this flower has a disk formation of very many thin purple petals.

this flower has pinkish petals that are pointed with a faint white line down the middle.
this flower has a large red petal with white stamen in the middle
a flower with rounded flowing pink petals and few long thin white central stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
white and light pink pistil surrounded by large, smooth pink petals.
this flower has large overlapping pale red petals whose edges curl softly.
the petals on this flower are mostly red, and white is the color of the stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and curve
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen

