this plant has large elongated leaves, long pedicels and a cluster of very large flowers at the top; this one is reddish-orange with a white stripe down the center of each petal.
a flower with pink and white petals with yellowish anther filaments.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with white lines
this yellow and red flower has different shapes of petals and long stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this red and white flower has rounded petals with yellow anthers and a green pedicel.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals are white and pink with deep red veins and the stamens are green with pink tips.

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with small white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with green pecidel.
this flower occurs in clusters and has four bright yellow petals around it.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
there are yellow flowers with round petals and many green stigmas.
a flower with short petals that are bright yellow and wide.
a golden group of flowers with a green center plant.

flower has pink and white medium size pedals with white long thin pistils
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the large pink tipped white petals of this flower surround a green receptacle with long white filaments topped by dark yellow pistils.
the pink and white flower has white pollen tubes ending with a golden stigma.
the petals of the flower are pink and white and have filaments that are tipped with yellow anthers.
this flower has wide white petals with smooth edges and pink accents.
this flower has petals that are white and pink and has a green center
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green at the bae of the ovary.
this large flower has pink petals which fade to white at the center, where there are long stamen that extend further than the petals.

pedicel are green in color,petals are yellow and red spaoted in color
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this exotic flower has orange and pink petals with darker pink spots and orange anther on the visible stamen.
this flower has pink petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with red dots
this flower has five yellow petals with bright pink spots all over them.
this flower has long, narrow petals which have a pink polka dot pattern to them.
this flower has thin rounded petals which are orange with vivid red markings in a mottled pattern.
this flower has petals that are red and has dots on them
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted orange in color and the inner stamen is the color orange.

the petals of this multi-colored flower appears to spin the petals outward from the ovaries.
this delicate looking orange flower has petals that overlap each other in a circular pattern with no visible stamen or stigma.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow shading
this flower has a circular shape and petals with bright pink edges that fade to yellow in the center.
this flower has spiral layers of wide, round red petals which curl slightly.
this flower has petals that are colored white with pink tips and form a spiral around the pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has bright red petals with yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading

this flower has petals that are white with small yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the flower has bright white petals with a yellow stigma.
a white flower with tiny anther and a large circular petal.
the flower has yellow stamen and white petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has large white petals that are funnel-shaped and smooth textured.
this flower has a uniform white pedals around yellow colored stamne.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wavy.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple and white checkered petals with a drooping pedicel
this flower droops down and has a large purple petal surrounding the flower that is checkered with white.
this interesting flower is big and like an inverted bowl, and its corolla is red colored with white spots, and it has a long and thick pedicel.
the flower has purple petals that are drooping with white spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
a long green pedicel is present as well as a drooping purple petal with white spots.
a flower with pink and white petals and green pedicel
the big flower with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in inverted bell like shape that is supported by green pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with red patches
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
flowers are alternately aranged,they are pink in color
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this white flower has pointed petals, white stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has small purple sepals with white petals and very thin white stamen.

the flower has orange petals to go with a green pedicel and sepal
this flower has a long orange petal and a dark blue stamen
this flower is orange yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are shaped like a bird.
this is a yellow and orange flower with large leaves and a blue pistil.
the yellow-orange petals are situated above green receptacles with a blue stamen.
the flower has thick pointy yellow petals with a very thick green pedicel.
the flower has yellow, blue, and green petals that are pointed on the end.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the petals on this flower are orange, navy blue, watermelon, and yellow
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.

this flower has petals that are white with green style
the flower is a very bright white with no other colors on it.
the flower is white with fused petal that is white, soft, smooth and enclosing stamens
this beautiful flower has a huge white petal with green leaves
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected to each other.
this flower has a large white petal that seems conjoined in appearance.
a funnel shaped white pedaled flower with a deep center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has a round white ruffled design centered with thin white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a satellite shape

this plant has five yellow edged red petals that fold back to display prominent stamens, yellow anthers, and green pistil.
this flower has long red petals with yellow edges on it and green stamen
the petals of the flower are above the anthers, which are on curved filaments.
this exotic looking flower has bright red and yellow pedals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has red petals with yellow curled edges and green filaments with yellow anthers.
a flower with long green sepals and bright red and yellow petals that rise upwards
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
this flower has only a few tall, pointy ended petals that are mainly red in the inside, with a thin yellow boarder.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped around the center.
the pink flower is the prominent feature of this flower with yellow stamen
this flower has a light green sepal on the bottom of a pink trumpet shaped flower with a red pistil and yellow stamen.
the flower is big and has pink petals that are separated and overlapping on each other forming a bell shape and also the flower has green sepals
a flower that is pale pink with a yellow and pink ovary
this flower has large, wide petals which are papery and very deeply veined.
a flower with long and wavy petals that are pink.
this flower has downward pink petals with darker pink stripes and a yellow pistil.
this petal has a golden pistil and pink petals and a very small green pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style

this flower has long pink petals with white tips, and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
the flower petals are marronn in color with green shorter stigma
this flower has pink petals with white tips and many stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white at the tips.
these light purple petals have a white tip on them.
this flower has pink petals with pointed white tips arranged in multiple layers in a ray-like shape.
the flower is big with pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner with a bunch of yellow stamens in the center
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are pink with white tips, and it has yellow stamens in the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.

this is a yellow flower with a yellow style and a green pedicel
this flower shown has yellow petals forming a tube around yellow anther
this flower has nice bold yellow on its petals and a cool and unique middle.
the petals are a pale yellowish hue with yellow stamen as well.
a beautiful bright daffodil has a trumpet shaped bloom on a tall green stem.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a trumpet shape at the center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright yellow.
there are flat yellow petals and one narrow vase shaped golden petal surrounding the golden stamens.
this flower has a yellow trumpet center and tapered yellow outer petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped

a largish purple flower with five petals behind, and five petals in front.
this beauty has purple and white petals with yellow in its stamen.
a large petal flower that is dark pink and light pink center
this flower has yellow anther and filament with purple and white petals
flower has lower pink petals with long tubular spurs and upper white indented flower.
this flower has long pointed purple petals with rounded white petals on top.
this flower has five spiky pink petals surrounding five rounded white petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple sepals, yellow stamen, and white petals with purple spots.

the flower has yellow petals with a bright green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the flower shown has large yellow petals with greed sepal
this flower has large bright yellow petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow with blacklines
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has petals in different sizes and shapes but they are all bright yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this is a yellow flower with petals that drupe toward the stem that turn brown toward the receptacle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow pistil and smooth white petals as its main features
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are wilted and wavy.
this white flower has round petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has large white petals and large yellow stamens.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower is soft fan shaped white pedals and bright yellow stamen.
the flower is soft fan shaped white pedals and bright yellow stamen.
the flower is soft fan shaped white pedals and bright yellow stamen.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled and pointed.
this flower has petals that are white with yellowstamen
there are many yellow stamens, outer edge has a single row of dark red petals that are jagged, large and pointy while the inner row of petals are light pink, round and smooth.
this flower has large purple petals on the outside with white to purple petals on the inside, both in a group of five and with yellow stamens.
the light pink flower has petals that are soft, separate and arranged around the bunch of stamen forming a bowl like shape
this particular flower has petals that are light pink in the center with a dark pink on the outside
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
the flower has yellow stamen and five white petals and five purple petals.
this flower has purple and grey petals, and yellow stamen and anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are white and pink and has yellow stamen

the flower has petals that are pink with dark pink center.
this flower has a bright pink center surrounded by five delicate and slightly ruffled petals in a paler shade of pink.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wilted and curled.
this flower has petals that are pink with ruffled edges
this flower has nice pink petals and a very dark pink pistil, with a green pedicel
this flower has many light pink petals with dark pink in the middle of the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red center
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wavy.

this flower has bell shaped purple petals as its main feature
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are purple with darker dots
this elongated pink flower is sprinkled with maroon spots surrounded by white dots and no noticeable stamen or stigma.
the petals on this flower are pink with white and brown dots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the light purple bell shaped flower has white with black spots on the inside.
this particular flower has petals that are long and rounded with small dark dots in the center
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and spotted.
this flower has short, spiky green sepals and many bell shaped purple petals with white spots on the inside.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has a bright yellow petal and a yellow anther filament
the flower is situated on a thick green stalk and are yellow in color.
this green flower has an outer row of yellow round shaped petals and inner whitish pistil
flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow stamen.
a group of yellow flowers with a green stem in the middle of flowers.
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has white stamens in the center
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow centers and white stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow and black lines
a purple flower with ruffled petals and black stripes that come from the stigma.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a small yellow center.
the bright purple flower has a petal with shades of white and yellow throughout.
this flower has purple petals, white stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower is purple, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped near the ovary.
this flower has petals which have purple, white and yellow on them.

blue petals with tinge of purple including a long pollen pistil with visible pollen.
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are curved out ward.
this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined blue petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are blue with long stigma
the flower has blooms that are purple in color and green leaves.
these small blue flowers are close to the ground.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a long style
a purple horn shaped flower with five purple petals surrounding a light yellow pistil.
this flower is trumpet shaped and has ruffled blue feathers which angle upwards.
this flower has bright blue petals in a cup-shaped formation and thick yellow stamen.

a bowl shaped flower with layered red petals surrounding purple stamen and a light purple stigma.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the flower shown has large red petals with purple pistil in the center
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are black near the center.
this flower has petals that are red with black stamen
this flower has a small pod surrounded by wide and bright red petals.
this flower has red and has black and white stamen
this is a large red flower, with a dark pistol and stamen.
this flower is red and purple in color, with rounded petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange-red in color and the inner stamen is the color black.

this is a flower with round red petals and long anthers.
the flower has petals that are red, soft and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has red petals which overlap slightly and white stamen.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have thin white filaments.
this flower has red petals that fold backward and a pistil area that spreads out.
this flower has a wheel-like arrangement of bright pink and red petals that have a toothed top edge.
there is a single layer of jagged edged bright red petals that drape downward surrounding several light pink and purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has pink stamen
petals are pink near the center of the flower, then red, and pink at the outer tips.

this is a flower with thin, wide pink petals and a white pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are purple with a white stigma
green pedicel leading to flat laying purple petals with a white center revealing a white pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are white in the center.
a flower with purple petals and a white stigma in the middle.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are white near the ovary.
this flower has a round soft purple petal with a white stamen in the center of it.
the flat petal is white near the stamen and turns to deep pink away from the stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this flower is made up of on connected purple petal that turns white closer to the stamen.

petals are larger and are pink in color,the stamens are many
pink petals hang downward showing the yellow and red tipped stamen of the flower.
the petals on this flower are purple and drooping with green stamen on top
this flower has a spiky green and red center surrounded by long downturned pink petals.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are curled downward.
a large purple flower that has drooping pedals and a very large tan stigma.
this flower has a ring-like arrangement of long purple petals.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has long drooping petals of bright pink with a center that is green and orange.
this flower has a round center and down-turned petals of pink.

this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped
the soft purple petals almost completely cover the stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has pale petals with deep darker purple throat and long pointed green leaves.
this flower has a short stamen and a few large petals that are pale purple.
this flower has blue petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has petals with frilled edges that are purple with long flat leaves.
this pale purple flower has rounded petals and dark green sepals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled edges

this flower has petals that are yellow and very small
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has small yellow petals with purple pedicel as its main features
the flower has a long reddish green colored pedicel on the plant.
this flower has off-red stem coloring and small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red tips
a flower with tiny purple and light green petals that are extremely curly.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this unique flower has a red stem and is growing from a red base.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
these yellow flowers have veined, slightly rounded petals which overlap slightly.
the leaves are dark green in color the petals are rounded and yellow in color
the flower has yellow petals with a green pollen tube in the center
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the petals are golden color and the sepals are green and wrinkly.
this flower has yellow petals that are slightly overlapping in a wheel-like formation.
this flower has yellow petals with smooth edges embedded on green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and thin.

the petals are red with a stripe white in the center.
these flowers share the same two pedicel which have white and red stripe petals.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
red large pointed petals with red pistals that have a yellow tip.
there is a bunch of corals flowers with white on the pedals.
this red and white flower has large dense pointy petals with a yellow green style.
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are striped white down the center.
this flower has petals that are orange with a creamy stripe in the middle of the petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
this flower has red and white petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped.
a purple and yellow flower with large petals and black stripes to the center.
this flower has purple petals with yellow markings as its main feature
this flower has a color gradient that transcends from a dark violet to white with a bright yellow in the center.
this flower has petals that are dark purple with yellow and white centers and white stamen.
this flower is white, blue, and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are yellow in the center and dark purple on the edges.
this flower has purple, white and yellow petals with black lines
this flower has wide and rounded purple petals with yellow and white centers.
the petals on this flower are mostly dark purple with yellow and black strips in color and the inner stamen is the color whiet.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed upward.
this red petal flower has points on the end and needle filaments in the middle.
this flower has pointed red petals and a very large yellow stamen area.
this flower has red spiky petals and a large center with yellow stamen.
this flower has spike like petals that are light red with yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are curved upwards, and has a pointed edge.
this flower has a row of pink pointed petals and many pistils and stamens.
the pistal is very busy with red petals at the bottom and many stamens
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has pink petals and a white colored pistil.
this flower has light pink petals shaped like teardrops in rows around the center.
the flower has white petals fairly small with a thin green pedicel
the flower has alternating petals that are all peach in color with an orange center and a green stalk.
the pretty flower has many little thin white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has many layers of very pale cream colored petals and a deep orange colored stamen.
this flower has beautiful pinkish white petals and a green pedicel
this white and pink flower has many dense layered petals and a green pedicel.

flower has petals that are red with a white stripe.
this small red and white flower sit atop a thick pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flowers are separated and arranged in a disc like manner and the stamen are sticking out from the centre of the flower
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
this flower has multicolored petals that are red with a thick white stripe at the center.
this flower has overlapping white petals which have soft pink edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
this flower has large red and white petals with white stamens.

this flower has large white petals and no visible outer stigma or stamen
sepals are dark green in colr,flowers are light pink in color and are capsule in shape
a flower with bell shaped pink and white petals, green sepals, and green pedicel
the flower is pink with fused petal that is soft, smooth and also forming a bell like shape
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
these flowers have soft pink teacup shaped petals with curved edges protruding from green leaves.
the blooms of the flower have a trumpet shape and are pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and bell shaped
this pink flower has rounded petals and a dark green pedicel and sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
there are many yellow stamen at the center, surrounded by petals that are bright orange in color and overlapping one another in a symmetrical pattern.
this flower has ten orange oval shaped petals and a prominent round yellow center.
this flower has large orange petals and a lot of yellow anthers on it
the petals of the flower are orange with a yellow center made of the anthers.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center and wide, tapered orange petals.
this flower has orange petals with a yellow ovary.
this flower has deep orange petals, a yellow-orange ovule and orange anthers along with dark green leaves.

this petite flower has soft white petals with a purple pistil and buds.
the flower shown has white diamond petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the flower has thin small white petals with a thin green pedicel
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this white color flower has only 4 sepals stuck at the center together
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink patches
this flowers has four thin white petals pproturding from a thin green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has large orange petals with a bit of yellow in the middle.
this flower has large red petals and a yellow stigma in the center
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has several large, wide red petals with rounded, slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has long stamen
red-orange petals, with eyelash-like stamen and a light yellow pedicel.
the red petals are ruffled and the sepals are flat and bright green.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has large red fan shaped petals, with deep red colored veins on the inner part of the petal.

this flower has large white petals and short green stigma in the middle
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower is one circular white petal with several small points
this beautiful white flower has green filament and white anther
this flower has petals that are white with green stye
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has a conjoined white petal which is rounded and very smooth.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has a large white petal with long thin points.
a large white flower with a funnel shaped flower with a small center stigma.

this flower is downward pointing and has a bright yellow pistil area.
this flower has thick violet petals as its main feature.
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamen with yellow anthers on it
a flower with lavender petals and orange pistils in the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval in shape.
this flower has 5 lavender to white petals with yellow anthers.
this flower has 5 pink and white non-uniform petals with a hairy yellow and maroon pistil, which has a light green circular center.
this flower has white petals with inner pink coloring and a yellow stamen.
this flower has five soft rounded white petals with pale pink centers.
this flower has white and pink petals that have yellow stamen

this yellow flower looks like a bowl since its petals are slightly bending forward.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow steman
this flower has white petals and yellow stamen on the inside of it
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this cup-shaped flower has large, overlapping white petals and noticeable, yellow colored anther, with a darker colored filament.
this is a flower with white petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow stamen and white petals in an overlapping arrangement.
soft yellow pedals surrounding darker yellow stamen on a green pedicel.
a large white flower with a golden long stigma and a green stem.
this flower has petals that arewhite and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
a purple and yellow flower with large petals and tiny stamen.
the petals of the flower are pink and have a yellow center with green leaves and green stems.
this flower has large magenta petals around a cluster of tiny yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are bright pink with many yellow stamen.
this flower has large purple leaves and many small yellow stamen.
this flower has a dish-like configuration of light purple petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are that are wilted and curved upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center and wide pink petals with serrated edges.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the oputer petals are large angd purple in color while the inner petals are yellow in color
this flower has a pale pink petal and three sepals that have very dark stripes or veins.
the flower has petals that are white, with a yellow stigma.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has light purple petals with dark red veins and a short, yellow stamen.
this flower has a bright yellow pistil, with petals which are white with deep red lines in them.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has a larger lavender petal and two smaller lavender petals with stripes towards the rear, and also a yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines

this flower has rounded white petals with triangular purple markings, surrounded by wide and pointed pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a large white petal with a lot of yellow anthers
the bottom layer of the flower is maroon in color and has a white flower attached.
this delicate flower has outer purple petals surrounding inner white petals circling a yellow stamen cluster.
this flower has white and pink petals and a bright yellow pistil
this flower has a layer of large purple petals and a layer of smaller white petals with purple insides.
this flower has large light purple sepals and small white petals with purple spots on them.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen white and has yellow stamen

the flower has a set of orange colored petals with its stamen in violet color.
this yellow and blue flower has pointed petals which bulge in the middle.
the petals on this flower are spear shaped and bright orange in color.
this flower has yellow petals, purple stigma, greenish sepal, and greenish pedicel as well.
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals are bright orange and pointed and the sepals are large and green.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has bright orange petals that are standing upright with pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin

this is a flower that has yellow petals with brown spots on them.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
the flower has petals that are yellow with yellow filaments and red anthers.
this flower has very long stamen and large pale yellow petals that have random streaks of brown on them,
this flower has yellow and purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has wide rounded petals of pale yellow with dark brown accents.
this flower has petals that are a greenish yellow, with some striped with brown.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
the flower has a set of yellow petals, the interior of which have bold brown spots.

the flower has many shades of pink for its petals.
this flower has a soft white and purple petal with a green pedicel
this large pink and white flower has several dark pink veins.
this lavender color flower has curved petals and a smaller stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple in the center
this flower has light pink petals and a dark pink in the middle.
this flower has white petals tinged with dark pink near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this white flower has wrinkled petals with pink veins and they're arranged in a fan-like shape.

a unique flower with scoope petal surrounded by green leaves
a light yellow flower, with a dark yellow center, with five petals.
very delicate curls of white petals with a yellow center form a pinwheel.
the flower is made of overlapping curled petals that are light yellow in color.
this flower has individual yellow and white petals that look like ears with no stamen visible to the naked eyes.
this flower has white petals that interlock with each other and they gradient to yellow towards the middle.
this petal has thin rounded petals that fold around each other and a tight center so that the stamen and stigma are not seen.
this flower has five rounded white petals with yellow on the inside.
this flower has wide, rounded lightly colored petals that spiral around each other.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

this flower has dark orange, almost redish petals that open backwards around the very thin yellow stamen.
orange flowy petals with an oval shape and delicate yellow stamen.
orange petals, slightly ruffled on their tips, droop towards the ground at their ends and surround a pair of thin yellow stamens with a cone shape.
this flower has delecate orange petals with ruffled edges and small visible yellow stamens.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
a flower with bright orange droopy petals with a matching color stamen in the middle
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and drooping.
this flower has petals that are orange and are folded downward
a flower with long and pointed petals that are orange.
this flower has large bright orange petals that have a slightly wrinkled texture.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow patches
the flower shown has little peach and yellow colored petals which is its dominant feature
this flower has stacks of thick petals in layers of light pink and yellow with white edges.
this flower has petals that overlap and are peach or yellow.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has short, pink petals with yellow centers and light pink stamen.
this flower has many layers of petals fading in color from a pink on the lower petals to a yellow on the upper petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has patches of yellow
this flower has layers of long pointed peach colored petals with a yellow center.
this flower has different layers of pink and yellow petals that are in a disk arrangement.

this flower has petals that are pink and in a pinwheel shape
the petals of the flower are red in color and have small green sepals.
the flower shown has small pink petals with green sepal and pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
these flowers have a few light red pedals and a very small stigma visible within.
this flower has bright red petals, with yellow sepal and red pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and are bell shaped
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has a bunch of tiny red blossoms whose petals are smooth and very round.

this flower has light purple petals which turn a darker purple toward the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are connected to each other.
this purple and violet flower has soft petals which are slightly ruffled.
the petals are dark purple in the center and get lighter as they reach the edge.
the flower shown has purple petals with a purple pedicel
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower, and the colors are just way beautiful, peddles are shaped odd but awesome.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright and dark purple.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is white with dark purple markings.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with green pedicel.
the flower is made of white petals with a pistil and other reproductive parts that are yellow.
the samen are fewrer and large yellow anthers with white colored petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
a flower that has white petals and a yellow center with orange filaments
this flower has large and very smooth white petals and a bright yellow mouth.
this flower has white overlapping petals and orange small stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has smooth white petals with a small amount of yellow.
the petals of the flower are very wide, and have a distinctive shape, and the petals are a vibrant white color.

this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the flower has white petals with a yellow and orange stigma.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with five petals that are yellow on the inside and white around the edges.
this flower has five petals on it that are yellow in the center and white toward the edges.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers have five petals each which are yellow in the middle and white on the edges.
the pistil and stamen are not visible in the middle of the five large petals of each flower that are yellow in the center of the flower and white further away from the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

this flower has purple petals and green pistil as its main features
this flower has long purple petals, long purple stamen, and a giant yellow stigma in the middle
the flower has light green petals that are oval, large and thin shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple, with wavy filaments and green stamen.
the flower is so big with petals that are so soft, smooth and forming a disc like shape below the disc of curly purple stamens
this purple and white flower has pointed petals and white and purple stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has yellow stamen, white and purple filaments, and white petals.

a group of flowers with white petals and yellow pistils in the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower has white petals and the stamen are yellow in color.
this flower has two layers of petals, one that is pointy and light blue, and the top layer that is rounded and white.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has long light blue petals with white circular petals.
this flower has light blue pointed sepals with small white petals and thin yellow stamen.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are multi shaped and thin.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this is a purple flower with large petals and yellow stamen.
the flower has a circular purple petal with a yellow pollen tube
these flowers are the same but with different colors, one is light purple and the other one is indigo with a dark purple center.
a flower with purple petals and two yellow filliaments
this purple delicate flower has purple petals that are burgandy close to the pistil and stamens . the is an iner stammen that is yellow and holds the yellow pistils in the center. it is circular in form .
this flower has a dark lavender petals with lavender anthers.
this flower consists of fan shaped purple pedals with bright yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly deep purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has a swirl of petals that are purple with black center and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are white with red centers and pink stamen.
a flower with five large white and red striped petals and white clustered central stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a dark pink petal with white ridges, and a stigma that is yellow with grey anthers
the flower shown has a white petal with red patches and a green anther
these flowers have red and white petals with pink stamen in the center of them.
this flower has a wheel configuration of white and pink petals that have a jagged top edge.
these five petals go from pink, to red and spotted, to white at the tips. the filaments are white with white anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
flower has petals that are bright pink with a pink pedicel.
the flower shown has bright pink petals with white pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the flower is dark pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged and supported by pedicel
the flower has four bright, highlighter pink petals arranged asymmetrically.
this flower is pink in color, with thin and wavy petals.
the bright pink petals twist upward from a thick stalk.
this flower has red petals that are folded upwards with the exception of one
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

this flower has several small yellow blossoms arranged vertically along its red stem.
layered alternating yellow and pale mauve small petals revealing a mauve pistil.
the alternatimg leaves azre large and broad with fewre yellow colored petals
the flower shown has yellow and red petals and a purple pedicel
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are small.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the petals of this flower are red and burgundy and the pedicel is green
this flower has dark red stems covering soft and pale yellow petals.
the petals are light yellow and the sepals are green with long veins.
a one shaped flower with yellow and purple petals surrounding it's center.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has large, shiny, very pointed yellow petals which angle sharply upwards.
a flower with orange and blue petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower has spiky orange petals standing upright out of a white receptacle.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are shiny and pointy.
this flower has petals that are orange and is very thin
a bird shaped flower with shiny orange petals that sprout out of it's pedicel.
this flower has very thick and very pointed petals in a bright yellow hue.

this flower has a lower layer of white petals with and upper layer of very thin and long white petals that turn dark purple at their base.
this white and purple flower has a thick set of stamen and purple and white filament.
small white petals surround long white anthers and purple filaments with a large green pistil in a three pronged orientation.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with a purple center and white stringy petals.
this flower has long rounded white petals on the bottom and long thin hair-like white and dark blue petals.
this flower has wide white petals under a fringe of purple and white, and thick green stamen.
this flower has a tall green pistil, white and purple filaments, and white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has large white petals and a light green pistil.

this flower has a lot of red petals and one red anther in the center
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this small flower has several round orangeband red tinted petals which curve slightly upwards.
this is a small orange flower with round petals and a black center.
the flower shown has many small red petals with green pedicel
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
lots of red flower petals on one stem with anther filament in the middle.
the redish -orangish flowers has a lot of round petals with green stems
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has orange petals, and dark green leavs with black veins running along the leaves.

this star shaped flower has five conjoined purple petals with delicate veins.
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with small white stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
the thin white stamens lay on the purple petals of the flower
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple.
five pointed star shaped purple flower with hints of white in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has white pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are orange with white stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
a flower with short and round petals that are yellow.
this flower has yellow pedals with orange highlights and a creamy colored stamen.
this flower has small rounded bright orange petals and white stamen.

the petals on this flower are peach fading to yellow.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the outer petals are darker in color while the inner ones are lighter.
the flower shown has layers of light pink and yellow petals, and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow shading
this particular flower has petals that are light brown with a yellow center
this flower has layers of small oblong petals that are pink and yellow in color.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed petals and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
the flower has pale pink petals on the outer edge and gradually turn pale yellow in the center.

this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has yellow and red petals with purple pistil as its main features
this flower has two layers of long slender yellow petals with orange line down each petal.
this flower has yellow and orange petals with a dark spot at the base of each petal.
a multi petal large bloom with thirteen yellow petals with red stripes down the center of each petal, a center grouping of short stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are striped in the center.
the flower has red and yellow long petals with brown seeds
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
this flower has a double row of yellow with maroon strip in the center petals.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folkded together
this flower has multiple layers of large ruffled petals that are primarily yellow with white near the center.
this flower's crinkly yellow petals have a small spot of white in the middle.
this yellow flower has large petals and yellow stamens.
a large dull yellow and white bell shaped flower on a flat base.
this flower has many rows of yellow ruffled petals, with larger petals at the bottom.
this flower has wide and rounded yellow petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has ruffled edges
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.

flower with purple petals and very long purple stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a large amount of long and very thin purple petals that look like they are wiggling.
this flower has petals that are purple with long stringy stamen
this flower has long stringy light purple petals , with alternating layers of white and dark purple, with a yellow receptacle.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner below the disc of curly stamens
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this ornate flower has a white, wheel like center, with indigo feathers, and a very unique indigo styles that string out like spaghetti.
this flower has a bottom layer of oblong purple petals followed by wavy purple filaments and tall white stamens and pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen

the flower shown has purple petals and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink with pink filaments.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled over at the edges.
this five petaled lavender flower has darker veins and fluffy stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with white shading
this flower has petals that are pink and has short stamen
a pink flower with overlapping petals and a pink stamen.
the petals of the flower are curved and light pink color with white throughout.
a purple flower with purple stamen at it's center and layered petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curve at the edges.

this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are purple with a shade of yellow
the pedals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has small yellow petals and white anthers in the middle
a cluster of flowers with orange petals and white anther filaments.
this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and orange in color and has white stamen sticking out from the centre
a flower with orange petals and green leaves.
this flower has small and very round orange petals with red accents.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen

a flower with folded over pink petals each with a white anther and filament
the petals are bright pink with spines pointing outwards, while the stigma is green and spiny.
this is a flower that has long and stringy pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has protruding pink petals which are long and very thin.
a cluster of purple and green florets surrounded by long, thin, delicate trumpet shaped florets with long slender purple stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower has a sparse arrangement of thin and spiky purple petals.

four long flat white petals surround a small center with long white filaments and anthers
this flower has petals that are white with long stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
each blossom has four white diamond shaped petals which are widely spaced, and very long stamen.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have pink details.
the petals are white and sparse and the filament are white with red anther.
this flower has small white petals that are sparsely arranged and long white stamen.
this white flower has pointed leaves and a red and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has long white stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are red with shades of yellow
the flower has red and orange petals with purple pedicel
the flower petals are alternately arranged and are orange in color
orange and yellow petals are draped over one another hiding the reproductive organs
this flower has petals that are growing different ways and are red, yellow and orange
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and are ruffled together
this flower has orange petals with yellow around the outer-edges.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are varying shades of yellow and orange.

the petals on this flower are very sharp and blue with white veins
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower has petals that are separated and light blue, with a wide center, and blue filaments.
this flower has long blue pointy petals, and a large pointy stigma on it
the flower has thin spikey blue petals that are long and thin.
the petals on this flower are mostly green in color and the inner stamen is the color white tips.
this flower has blue and spiky petals with a big green style
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pistil.
a flower with hard leaves that are blue and spikey.
this flower has long and pointed green leaves and a rounded pineapple-shaped inner mound of blossom.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has deep pink petals and a light greenish blue pedicel.
these clustered flowers have fuchsia colored petals, with white stamen filaments.
this flower has purple petals and long white stamen on it
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and ruffled at the edges
a flower with long and wavy petals that are dark purple.
this flower has multiple rows of fuschia petals and a small white stamen.
this pink and purple flower has large rounded petals with white stamen.
this flower has vertical blooms of bright plum color, with ruffled petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are bright yellow and yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow with ruffled edges
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and are ruffled along the edges.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and enclosing stamens
inwardly folded yellow petals and a green tipped stamen distinguish this flower.
the petals of this flower are bright yellow and curly and the stigma is the same color of yellow.
a cluster of bright yellow trumpet shaped blooms with ruffly edges and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals that are crumpled along the edges
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

sepals are green in color,,petals are floret and are yellow in color
this flower has petals that are yellow and very ruffled
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flower shown has several layers of small orange petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this orange flower has tightly-packed petals that form a globe shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has a dense amount of light orange petals.
this flower has a spongy yellow cluster of petals layered very close together.

the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth, curly and arranged around stamens
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has petals that are orange with brown spots and red stamen.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are orange with black dotd
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has orange petals with black dots and long orange stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has black dots
this flower has long orange petals with dark spots and they are curled downward away from the center.
this flower has red downturned petals and long pink filaments.

many stamens white in color with larger anthers brwon in color
this flower has petals that are purple with white trim
the flower has white and purple tipped petals and blue anthers and white stigma.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has green stamen surrounded by large white petals with purple accents.
a fluffy flower with a blue and white color pedals and a green stem.
the flower has bright purple and white petals as well as tiny purple anther.
this flower has large, slightly overlapping white petals whose edges are purple and lavender.
purple flowers with purple petals curling up and stigma and pollen tube showing
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges

this flower has large, overlapping white petals with ruffled edges and accents of pink and yellow.
the flower has petals that are white with dark pink edges and pale yellow centers.
red tipped white petals with distinctive white filament and purple anthers.
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the faded petals are flushed in bright pink bellowing over the anther
this flower has wide and ruffled white petals with yellow centers and pink edges.
this flower has frilly petals of white, edged with bright pink and shading to yellow at center.
this flower is yellow, white, and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has pink edges
the flower has wavy soft petals that are white with pink edges.

this flower has frail yellow petals with peanut-like red anthers.
this flower has yellow and orange petals with a orange pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stigma.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white and has orange stigma
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
a flower with three leaf like, green petals that surround three brown stamen.
a dull colored leaf which has some tall brown stigma.
this flower is multicolored with varying shades of yellow and orange on its petals and sepals.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple spots
this flower has purple petals that form a bell shape, and spots on the petals.
these flower has one petal only and has patterns on its surface.
this is a trumpet shaped pinkish purple flower with areas of darker purple and white on the inside of the trumpet.
this flower is a pink shaped bell with a white and maroon spotted interior.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals with dark inner markings.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape with a bright, curled pink mouth.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has a wide face and pale purple petals surrounding a sunken and black center.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of white
this purple flower has wide delicate petals and the stamen is hidden withing the center.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a green stalk.
the rounded purple petals shelter the plant's pistil and other reproductive parts.
the flower has soft round petals that are purple and white.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
large pink trumpet shaped flowers sprout along a tall straight stalk.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower features pale yellow petals drooping off of the ovary.
the flower is yellow and has two layers of petals in which lower layer has separated petals forming a disc under the top layer that has bell shaped fused petals
the flower has petals that are yellow with upper petals being bell shaped.
a flower that has yellow petals and a cup shaped petals in the middle.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that re multi shaped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are light yellow colored.
this flower has large yellow petals and a large yellow pistil.
this flower has a center petal shaped like a trumpet surrounded by smooth edged yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped

this flower has many long thick pink petals with white center
a flower with pink petals and no visible pistils or anther filaments.
this flower has pointed pink petals that layer upwards and are light colored toward the center.
this flower has petals that are red with pointy edges
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has star patterned red petals blossoming out of greens leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
a purple and white colored flower with long spiked pedals.
this flower has pink petals that more closely resemble leaves, it also has no stamens or pedical.
the pedicel is green with many pointy, overlapping pink petals wrapping around it.

the bright purple flower has star shaped petals and green leaves.
a pointed star shaped pinkish purple flower with a diamond seed.
this flower has a spiky pink colored petal and a white stigma
the large triangular leaves sit atop of dark green sepals and pedals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
the petals of this flower are bright purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has rows of bright purple, pointed petals and a small white stamen
a pink flower with pointy tipped pink petals surrounding a small yellow stamen.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
a flower with white petals and a yellow and brown pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this white and purple flower has pointed petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower has white petals with yellow stamen in the center.
the white colored petals are circling a bright gold colored stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with a big yellow stigma

this large flower has five conjoined white petals with pink accents and ruffled edges.
the leaves are green,the flower is light purple in coloe
the flower shown has pink petals with a green pedicel as well
this flower has large pink petals and a center that is darker in pink color
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
a light pink flower with a cone shape at it's center of light pink petals.
a flower with pointed petals that are curled outwards.
the pale pink flower has a bright pink inside and grows on long green leaves.
the flower has five slight curled pink petals and the stamen light pink.

this round flower has light purple, white and green petals with a green receptacle.
a tall layer of pink to white petals are arranged in a spiral pattern and have sharp light green tips.
this is a flower with upward facing pink and white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has layers of thick and very pale pink petals with tapered edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white and pink petals and a twisted green pedicel
this flower has layers of smooth pink and white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
pale pink petals, slightly darker pink on the tips, rise in layers around the center of the flower, perched at the top of a slim green stalk.
this flower is light pink and has several layers of rounded, upturned petals.
this flower has many oval petals that are pale pink with dark pink tips.
this bright pink flower has overlapping petals that surround its stamens.
this pink flower has man almost shaped petals and a long thin stem.
layers of loosely grouped pink petals, darker at the very tips, surround this flower.
this flower has pink layered petals that are light near the center and darker at the tips.
this flower has pink petals that have many layers and a yellow center
this flower has multiple rows of pink petals with pointed tips and large flat leaves.

the flower shown has peach and yellow petals which are stacked and very small
this flower has small yellow petals and a red stigma in the center
this flower has white filaments and multiple pink petals that fade to pale yellow.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the layers of the flower are formed by pink and yellow petals that are pointed.
the petals on this flower are peach and yellow and the pedicel is dark green
the petals of the flowers are layered and are various shades of pink and yellow.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has soft orange layered petals blossoming on a green bush.
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is rose shaped with white overlapping pedals which has a pink inward color scheme.
this flower has petals that are white with red patches
this flower has a hot pink center surrounded by layers of upturned white petals which are smooth with slightly pointed tips.
this is a large flower with white petals and pink near the ovary.
thin white upright petals are streaked with dark pink near their base.
this white petal flower fades to magenta in the middle.
this flower appears large and is mostly white with a little pink at the bottom.
this white flower has oval shaped petals that are a deep pink toward the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of pink

this flower has fine shiny yellow petals with a slight heart shape.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this bright yellow flower has a consistent color from the petals to the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the flower has small round petals that are bright yellow with yellow stamens.
this flower has small and shiny heart-shaped yellow petals around a yellow center.
five yellow oval shaped pedals surrounding yellow stigma and stamen.
this flower has small yellow petals with smooth edges attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

the flower has pink petals very thin with a dark pink pedicel
this flower has protruding purple stamen and long, thin purple feathers that curl at the tips.
this flower has long purple petals that end in a curly q design and have long purple stamens.
this pink flower has long curled tipped flowers and long purple stamen.
the slender petals are lavender and turn pink at the base.
this bright pink flower has long petals that are curled on the ends, and pink filaments with white anther.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has a beautiful pinkish purple color to its long curly petals, you can also see a few antgers toward the center of the flower.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is dark red
this flower has pink petals that are thin and curled at the ends

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has long white petals with thin red dots that are long.
the petals of this flower are white with red lines on them
the flower petals are whit in color wit some marks and in red color with larger anthers
this flower has beautiful white petals with fine red dashes, surrounding the dark gray stamen.
this white and red flower has five petals and black gray anthers.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has wide, very smooth white petals with dark pink design accents.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink dots
the petals of this flower are white with some red lines on them and the stigma is gray.

a pink flower with large pink petals supported by large green sepal.
the flower has wavey bright pink petals with black stamens.
this flower has small pink petal and a small orange stamen in the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the centers.
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
the petals on this flower are mostly light pink in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and rounded.
a flower with large pink petals that lighten closer to the center.
these bright pink blossoms that grow on a vine have a ruffly appearance and a long yellow stigma at the center.

sepals are green in color,petals are red in color and are needle shaped
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower is spiky with petals that appear closed and red with a green stem
this flower has protruding pink petals which are long and curled like tubes.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled up and skinny.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has thin and spiky petals that are sparse and pink in color.
the flower has very tiny pink petals as well as pink stamen and a thin long green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellowpatches
the flower has a set of white colored petals that seemed crumpled towards the edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
the petals are broad but thin at the edges, and are white with yellow spots toward the middle.
this flower has tall white stamen surrounded by wavy white oblong petals, some with yellow markings.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a white flower with large white floppy petals with yellow and black speckles on them.
this white and orange flower has wavy petals and pale green and brown stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a green stamen.

the flower has multi colored and the stamen and pistil are visible.
this flower has thin white stamen surrounded by wide purple and green petals with slightly tapered ends.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple and green petals and several white anthers.
this flower has petals that are green with purple patches
this flower has green and purple petals with white stamens.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi colored.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple edges
the petals of the flower are green and purple in color with anthers that are white and green.
this flower has green filaments and white anthers along with pink and green petals.

this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
a large green pedicel holds these bell shaped purple flower with dark spots on the petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
there are purple bell looking pedals on a green pedicel.
the bell shaped pink flower has petal that is fused, smooth, soft and has spots in the inner region
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the long flower with purplish buds has a brilliant look with distinctive designs inside the buds.
this flower has pink bell shaped petals, with dark purple spots.
this flower has multiple bell-shaped blossoms on a single stalk and they are purple in color.
this flower has purple speckled bell shape petals and a green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are pink with orange stamen.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
what i like about this flower is its acorn looking stigma
round pink flowers with large cone shaped centers and dark green folage.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has a spiky brown center and down-turned long pink petals.
this flower has thin pink petals and a cone-shaped pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a large flower with purple petals that surround a large orange ovary.
this flower has long and slightly pointed purple petals in a ring configuration.

this white petal has oval-shaped petals that end in a point, lines on the petals, and yellow powderish center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has long separate radiating white petals and a furry yellow center
the petals of the flower are a light blue in color and are rather long and narrow while the stamen is round and golden-yellow in color.
this flower has bright white petals and a yellow middle part
this flower has a round yellow center and long rounded white petals.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a blue flower with yellow disc floret bud and the pedicel are green
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and slightly drooping.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a center that is yellow.
this flower has large orange petals and short orange stamen on it in the middle
the flower has four yellow petals arranged symmetrically, with yellow anthers on the sides.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
beautiful bright yellow flower with four petals arranged alternate pattern
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has wide and rounded petals in hues of pale buttery orange.
this flower has 4 bright yellow petals and a series of stigma sticking all around.
this flower has round and yellow petals with light orange stamen

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
flower with long curled petals on a green stem
this flower has petals that are pink and very think
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
a pink and red flower with long curled petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
the long petals are pink on a green pedicel
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is long and green
a pink colored flower with thin, claw like petals and pink stamen.
the petals of the flower are long and skinny and are pink in color.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of pointed white petals with tall yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has thick yellow stamen surrounded by upturned white petals which have slightly pointed tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has vivid white rows of petals surrounding a cluster of bright yellow stamen.
this flower has white layers of smooth petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals and long narrow yellow stamen.

this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
inner petals are needle shaped and are purple incolor
this flower has large green pistil and skinny purple and white petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
this flower has yellow anthers and green filaments and purple petals.
this purple flower has many pointed petals and a yellow and purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen and
thin, needle-like, purple petals, yellow-green anthers and a green stigma.
this unique flower has a lower row of white petals and an upper row of long, thin purple petals.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are red and very small
the flower appears to be stalky and it appears to be crowded.
this odd shaped flower has bright red petals among green leaves.
this flower has bright magenta petals that form in cone-like clusters reaching towards the sky.
this flower has a cone-like configuration of bright red petals.
the tiny red petals are arranged on a stalk and the sepals are long, pointed, and green.
this flower has vertical growths of shaggy, thick hairlike petals in red shades.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy in appearance.

these reddish flowers has a lot of petals open and closed.
this flower has round petals that are completely red colored.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red with a small red stigma
the flower has dense red petals that are short and round.
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
the orange red petals are slightly wrinkled and surround red colored stamens.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
a flower with small red loop shaped petals that surrounding a red pistil at it's center.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped
this flower has a bright purple petal and a dark pink pedicel
beautiful pink petals shaped almost like tear drops, very pretty.
the flower shown has pink petals and pink pedicel as well
pink petals and red pedicel with green veined sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
the flower has large, smooth bright pink petals and green foliage.
this bright pink flower has many long, irregular shaped petals and long stems.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple shading
this flower has very smooth bright pink petals which bend backwards.

the petals of the flower are pointed and pink in color and are situated on a green pad.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the large pink flower has several layers of petals and protrudes from the center layer.
this pink flower has pointed, oval shaped petals which cluster tightly toward the center.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with purple anther in the middle
this flower has upturned layers of thick petals in shades of pink.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has pointed and pink petals and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink and white petals that stick out at the base.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed.

the flower is white with the petals that are starting as a tube near the sepal and suddenly flaring out as a separate petals forming a disc shape
this flower is white in color, with petals that are shaped in a circle.
this pale white flower has white petals and a yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are white with white stamen.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with white pistil
this white flower has rounded petals, white anthers and green sepals.
this flower has small white petals with small white stamens.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are white in color with green leaves.

the sepals are green and the petals being red.
this flower petals is sort of stacked along the stem surrounding it. the petals are red
this is a flower that has many red upward pointing petals.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has a thick vertical chevron pattern of hot pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
the petals are bright red and layered from the pedicel outward and neither the pistil nor the stamen are visible.
this flower is made up of many red petals that get smaller higher up on the bloom.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together

bright red petals white and green leaf
this flower has red and overlapping petals and has neither stamen nor pistil.
this flower has large red petals that have bits of brown around some edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upwards
a flower with large soft rounded pink petals shooting up from a thick brown pedicel.
this flower has green serrated leaves topped by a pink flower with white undersides.
this flower has fan shaped red petals surrounding the pistil.
a flower with long and wide petals that are red.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven along the edges.
this is a plant with slightly triangular shaped leaves and huge white trumpet white flowers.
this a a large white umbrella shaped flower with several stamen protruding from it's middle.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a white petal, white filaments and yellow anthers.
this white flower has large petals than end in small points, as well as long stamen with yellow anthers.
a flower with pointed petals that are white and thin.
the flower has large white petals that are wavy on the edges.

this flower has the purple petals closed to the center and stand on a prominent reddish pedicel
the petals on this flower are pink with white fringes.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
pedicel are brown inc olor,petals are oval in shape and are light pink in color
this flower has bright pink petals with white at the edges.
this flower has very smooth pink petals with white, straight edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the petals of the flower are a vibrant pink color, and the petals are outlined with white.
this flower has smooth pink petals with white along the edges.

a large heart shaped flower with one large red and white heart shaped petal cupping a cone shaped red and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with big style
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the glossy red petal has a protruding speckled stigma.
this flower is red in color, with only one petal.
this flower has a shiny red petal with a long cone stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a large and thick red petal with a long white pistil.
this flower has one large waxy red petal with a prominent red and white pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style
this flower has a tall pink pistil and a glossy red petal.

a flower with multicolored hanging red yellow pink and white petals, green sepals, and green pedicel
this flower has large rounded petals that are composed of bright colors such as orange and pink.
the flower has red and yellow petals that are small and round.
flowers are laternately arranged,they are light pink in color
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
a large multicolored pedaled flower with green stems in center.
this bell-shaped flower boasts an orange sherbet blend of coloring, with pink petals closest to the stem.
this flower is many vibrant colors , and has petals that are drooping and wavy.
this flower has an assortment of colored petals ranging from pink, yellow, orange, and red.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
a flower with very small white petals with no visible pistils.
lower petals are laerger nad green ,upper petlas are white and smaller
this flower has many long, very thin purple petals which curl into tubes.
this flower has large white petals and a white stamen in the center
a flower with a green foundation and a row of white stigmas.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has green sepals with purple stripes and spiky white petals in a sparse arrangement.
this flower is white in color, with wrinkled and curled petals.
this flower has skinny and pointy petals with green sepals and a green pedicel.

this flower has several yellow stamen surrounded by numerous rows of long, rounded yellow petals.
this medium flower has yellow petals and a yellow center.
this flower has bright yellow petals with yellow stamen and yellow pistil.
the flower is made of layered yellow petals with a center of yellow anthers.
the petals of this flower are yellow and surround numerous yellow stamen.
the smooth yellow petals around the stamen to the yellow stigma
there are round radiating yellow pedals with a stamen and stigma of the same shade of yellow.
this flower has multiple rows of bright yellow oblong petals with notched edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers
this flower has bright yellow oblong shaped petals with notches on the ends and a large center of yellow stamen.

these bell shaped flowers are blue and clustered on a long stalk.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are little and shaped like bells.
the flower has many little blue petals in the shapes of small blueberries
the flower is made of small berries that are bright blue in color on a thick green stalk.
flower is purple small round and looks like grapes
this flower has many blue petals which are shaped like buds.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
the flower is made up of many indigo/blue bulbs in a cone shape getting smaller as you get to the top of the cone.
this flower has very small blue and white petals that are bunched together in the shape of a downwards curved bell and a single green pedicel.
this flower has many tiny blue bell shaped blossoms at the top of its stalk.

this flower has long, thin pink stamen surrounded by long, very thin pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
the petals of the flower are thin and long and delicate and light purple in color while the stamen and stigma are also purple and quite long.
this flower has long white petals and long purple stamen and purple anther
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower's petals and stamen are both long and pale purple.
this flower has long and thin petals which are pale pink and curled backwards.
this pink flower features long pink petals and long curly purple stamen with tiny anther filament.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.,
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

a flower with open white and pink petals and yellow stamen cluster
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are white along the edges.
the flower shown has pink petals and several yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has some large pink petals with yellow stamen in and green stigma.
this flower has ruffled yellow stamen surrounded by large, pale pink petals.
this flower has a short green pistil, yellow stamen, and light pink petals.
the flower has large purple petals with yellow anther in the center and a green pollen tube.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the bell shaped blue flower has petals that are fused near the sepal and gradually flaring out as different petals form star shape in the upper region
this flower has bright purple petals and white pistil as its main features
sepals are green in color,the petals are blue in color and rounded in shape
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower has a wide star shape in hues of deep indigo.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white stamen
the petals of this flower are blue and yellow and the pistil is white
this flower has deep purple petals that end in point with a white tipped stigma.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have ruffled edges.
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, with petals that are colored in the center.
the flower has petals that are white with a pink and yellow petal.
this flower has thick, ovular white petals as its main feature.
a single large white petal creates a tube with portions of purple and yellow on the bottom of the petal.
this flower has thick white petals that lead to a purple and yellow center.
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has white petals with purple and yellow in the center of the cone shape, and dark green leaves.

this flower has petals that are purple, white and yellow with black lines
the flower has white petals that are also yellow and purple colored.
this is a colorful flower that has white, purple and yellow petals that have small black lines going up the petals.
this flower is white, yellow, and blue in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and yellow with a short stigma
a flower with petals that are many different colors such has creme, yellow, white and blue.
this is a small flower, multicolored, with black stripes towards its receptacle.
there is one yellow petal with small black strips, two white petals with small black strips and two white and purple petals.
this flower has five multicolored petals, ranging from shades of white to blue to yellow with black stripes.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has purple edges

this flower has petals that are small, overlapped and orange.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this is a strange flower with many small red petals.
a group of dull red flowers with dark green steams.
this flower has small red petals that are bunched together
a flower with bright red petals and green leaves.
this flower is almost completely red with a red set of petals and a red stamen.
this flower has red petals clustered with other flowers, the pistil also seems to be red, blending in with the flower.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with many stamen
this flower has a central sphere of yellow stamen surrounded by ruffled white petals which are slightly downturned.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted.
this flower has large wavy white petals around a prominent spherical pistil with many orange stamens.
this flower has wrinkled white floppy petals with a bundle of orange stamen in the center of it.
the flower has six thin white petals with gold colored anthers.
this flower has a round yellow ball center surrounded by very ruffled white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the delicate white petals of this flower open widely and reveal a dense ball of yellow stamen.

this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the flower is small and blue with green in the center.
the flower has large blue petals that are long and green striped.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow shading
a flower with bright blue petals and no pistils showing.
the petals are long, forming a tube shape and are blue in color.
the petals of the flower formulate a cup like shape, and have a distinctive image of a leaf on the outer petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green patches
this flower has a light blue receptacle and sepal with a bit of green shading and very bright blue petals.
this flower has bright purple blue petals that have green and black spots and strips inside them

the petals on this flower are yellow with brown lines.
this flower has simple row of yellow petals shaded with red at the middle and has the clumsy stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red down the center
leaves are green in color,petals are yellow and maroon in coplor
this flower has large yellow petals that have red streaks running to the center.
the altanative leaves are yellow and orange in the inside and a green pedicel
this yellow and orange flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has brightly colored yellow and red petals in a ring configuration.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines

this purple flower has many ruffled, fan shaped petals and long, thin, purple stamen.
the flower has strangely-shaped purple petals and many purple stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has small purple petals with white stigma coming out of the middle
the flower is purple, with small, lobe shaped petals and long stamens.
this flower has many small light-purple petals with scalloped edges, revealing many anther filaments in white.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
the small purple petals are practically overlapping eachother while the lavender colored stamen are extremely large and take up much of the center.
a flower with purple petals and whitish colored stamen towards the center.
this flower has small light purple petals arranged in overlapping layers and purple stamen.

what i like about this flower is its mixture of purple petals
the petals on this flower are white with purple lines.
the flower shown has several small blue and white petals.
this flower's petals are variegated blue and white, and there are two petals per flower.
this flower has petals that are purple with white patches
a butterfly shaped flower with blue and white petals in proportion it's sides.
the flower has small blue petals with white spots and rest on a thin green pedicel.
this flower has wing-shaped petals with wavy edges and a pattern of large, gradating blue and white splotches.
this flower has petals with a wrinkled texture and an irregular blue and white coloring.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a short stigma
this flower features yellow petals that overlap and point downwards.
the flower shown has yellow petals with yellow stamen and green pedicel
pale yellow petal with an inner bell shaped petal and yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
bright yellow star shaped petals with a yellow bell shaped petal in the center that encompasses a small pistil.
this flower has 6 large oval yellow petals with a bell-shaped petal in the center and a yellow stigma.
this flower has yellow petals, orange stamen and dark green stem.
the petals of the flower are a solid yellow color, and the stamen is a yellow color as well.

a flower with many petals of various sizes and all colored purple.
the petals of the flower are lavender while the anthers on the inside are yellow.
a huge bundle of light purple flowers that start very small and become larger as they work their way out.
this beauty has purple petals with a hint of yellow in its stamen.
the petal shown has purple petals and a long green pedicel
a flower with purple petals with small yellow stamens nestled in the middle petals.
this light purple flower has dense petals and a green pedicel.
a purplish small petals flowers with yellow pistils and the pedicel are green
this flower has multiple rows of varying sized light purple petals.
this flower has layers of very small and very ruffled petals in pale purple.

the flower has a pink petal with a white pollen tube in the center
this flower has a large purple petal with little white anthers in the middle
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has purple petals and a white pollen tube.
a light purple flower with three small stamens in the middle
this flower has purple petals that gradient to white in the center where the stamen are located.
the flower has light purple petals with darker purple lines and white stigma.
this flower has a single row of lavender and white petals with a few white stamen.
this flower has light purple petals that fade to white towards the center, and short white stamen.
this flower has purple petals and a small white stigma.

the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
the pink and white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming funnel shape
the flower shown has yellow anther green pedicel and large white and pink petals
this flower has petals that are pink and white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with pink patches
this flower has wide and smooth white petals with pale pink edges.
the alternating leaves are broad and green and the flower petals are spotted white and pink
a flower with wide and curled petals that are white with pink spotting.
this flower has white and pink petals that has green in the center
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower shown has smooth white petals surrounding yellow anther and filament
a water flower with light yellow petals and yellow pistils in the center.
this flower has long white petals and a group of yellow stamen in the middle
a flower with white stacked petals and a central cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has white and pointy petals and has yellow stamen
this flower has pale yellow pointed petals that point upward with a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this white flower with multiple leaves that point upward is found on ponds and has flat green floating leaves.
this flower has layers of upturned tapered petals which are pale yellow in color.

the flower has dark red and purple petals and a long pedicel.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
a red and purple flower with light green sepal and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has strange looking purple and pink petals
this flower has a straight dark stem with thin green sepals holding sparse pink and purple rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and red and folded upward
this flower has semi-sheer red petals which are smooth and very rounded.
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower features a prominent dark orange ovary surrounded by spiky red petals.
this is a red flower with long and skinny petals on it.
flower with tube like petals which are thin and long stemming from a disc for a receptacle
the flower has petals that are thin and red with red stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a purple pistil.
red needle like petals arranged in unique pattern with orangish anthers
this flower has orange petals that curl up and form a tube.
there is a big cluster of stamen in the center of the bright red, pointed petals of this flower.
this flower has petals that are red and very thin

this cup-shaped yellow flower has concave petals arranged around a cluster of yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this small flower has a yellow center surrounded by shiny yellow flowers which are slightly heart shaped.
this flower has a yellow center and small, heart-shaped shiny yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are heart shaped.
the flower has a thin green pedicel with a rounded yellow petal on top.
the flower has bright yellow stamen and pistils with round yellow petals.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
these flowers have purple petals which are yellow towards the center with purple stamen.
flower has petals that are bright pink with golden centers.
the violet flower has petals that are smooth, thin and arranged in a single layered disc like manner around the stamen
this flower has thick purple and yellow petals as its main feature.
the flower has pink petals with a thin white border, and a burst of yellow toward the center.
this flower has large pink pedals that have a bit of vibrant yellow and a hint of orange at their base.
this bright pink flower has velvety heart-shaped petals that turn yellow in the center creating a star shape in the flower, and a small pointed yellow pistil.
this is a brightly colored flower, with pedals that are purple on the edges and yellow towards the receptacle.
a flower with short and wide petals that are purple with yellow centers.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the cetner.
these flowers have one row of white petals with an inner yellowish color and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow center
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
white petals make a circle around a bright yellow center and white stamen
a white couple of flowers with a yellow center stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has a single soft white petal that is slightly yellow near the stile, while there are short white stigmas.

the flower has round light pink petals that point up.
this flower has upturned petals in pale pink hues with rounded edges.
the pedicel is delicate and the petals are pale pink.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple patches
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a light pink pedicel and smooth upright white petals.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a reddish brown pedicel.
this flower has very smooth pale pink petals which grow backwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the bottom.

this flower has green pedicel with white and purple petals as its main features
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are thin and pointed sharply outwards as well as white with pink stamen.
this is a strange flower with white petals and pink stamen.
the petals on this flower are white with purple stamen.
the petals of the flower formulate a distinctive spotted pattern, with various shades of pink, green, purple and white.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
this flower has many white petals with purple stamen and white circular anthers.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed on the tips.
this is a yellow flower that turns dark purple toward the receptacle with white and purple stamens.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are round.
the flower has fused white petals and pale yellow anthers emerging from the corolla.
the flower has a large smooth white petal with white stamen
this flower has large white petals with a yellow center with white anthers on it
this flower has a large funnel shaped petal that is white with a yellow ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has a connected white petal with a hint of yellow closer to the pistil.
a flower with wide and connected petals that are white and yellow.

flower has petals that are yellow and overlapping with many orange stamen.
the stamen are of smillar height and the petals are yellow in color.
this flower has a wide pistol with dark yellow stamen and bright yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
a flower with long bright yellow petals that surround a wave of orange stamen before another wave of green stamen
this flower has layers of long yellow petals with tapered edges.
yellow, large, petals with a ovary which takes up half of the flower and has dense, fuzzy anters which get darker when closer to the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange staen
this flower has bright yellow petals arranged close together in a ring-like configuration.

the flower shown has purple petals with dark blue in the center and a green pedicel
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has light purple petals with deep purple centers and veins dividing each petal.
the petals of the flowers are purple in color with green leaves.
clusters of light purple petals protrude from brown pedicle.
this flower has wide pale purple petals which are rounded and ruffled.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
these purple, somewhat translucent flowers have five flowers each and are shaped like stars.
this flower has five light purple petals with generally rounded edges and a wheel formation.

yellow and white tipped petals with large green pedicels.
a flower with twisted white and yellow petals, green pedicel, and no visible stamen.
the flower has five petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has large white petals that have a yellow center on them
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this unique white and yellow flower grows in a cluster with long deep green leaves.
this flower has five rounded and smooth white petals with yellow centers.
this flower has white around the edges of its petals with a yellow coloring at the petals' base.
this flower has yellow petals with white edges and make a pinwheel shape
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has medium width pointed pale pink to white petals and yellow stamen.
this water flower has white petals ans yellow anthers.
a pink and white flower with pedals pointing upwards.
the petals are oval shaped and pink in color with a yellow stamen.
the flower shown has pink and white petals with yellow anther
this flower has white upright petals with pointed tips in a cup-like configuration.
this flower has light purple and white flowers with a yellow stamen
this flower has layers of upturned, tapered petals in white and pale pink.
this pinkish white flower has bright yellow stamens in the center.
this flower is pale pink with almost two dozen petals that open to yellow stamen.

this flower has broad, dark yellow petals and matching yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this bright yellow flower has a row of five petals with the prominent yellow anthers at the centre
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has yellow petals as well as yellow stamen.
these flowers have yellow petals and yellow stamen in the center.
this yellow flower has five rounded petals, and many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

present with lavender filaments on the top, the flower consists of several pointy and dense black leaves that are arranged next to each other.
avocado like sepals under the pretty purple paper thin petals.
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are curled upward and pointed.
the pale green flower has an outer layer of pale green colored petals with large and many purple colord stamen
the flower has many petals that are green and spiky with purple filaments.
this flower has very thick, spiked green leaves under a thick purple fringe.
this flower is blue and green in color, with pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy stamen
this flower has hard green petals with a lot of purple pistils.
this flower has many layers of thick green sepal and very thin purple stamen clumped closely together.

the flower is pale pink and has a white center and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has four pink petals with darker pink veins, surrounding a center whose delicate yellow-tipped white stamens.
pretty pink petals surround a yellow center that forms into a stamen with white filament and yellow anthers.
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
this flower has soft heart-shaped petals with veins and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flower with pink petals and white and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this is a pink flower that turns white toward the receptacle and has yellow stamens.

white and purple petals yellow mantle green leaves
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen and many layeres
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is a lotus with white color scheme on outer petals and pink on inner petal.
the beautiful big flower has pink petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately forming bowl like shape in different layers enclosing yellow stamens
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright yellow filaments surrounded by pink and white petals.
the flower has pointy pink petals with thin yellow stamen located in the center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flowers has a set of 4 petals that are mostly yellow in color but orange towards the edges.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower's petals are a golden yellow color and it grows in bunches.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a tiny bit of red
what i like about this flower is its various shape petals and the contrasting colors.
this flower has a red receptacle and four bright orange petals that are nearly round and overlapping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower is small and has a few saffron yellow soft petals on its tiny center with white tiny filaments sticking out .
this yellow orange and red flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has small and rounded orange petals with thin red veins.

the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
the petals of this flower are lavender with a small stigma
the flower shown has bright purple petals with green pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and thin.
this flower has broad purple petals, a deep purple ovule and black stems and leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and has black center
this flower has large and very rounded pale purple petals with ruffled edges.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has soft purple petals that are not smooth but medium sized and delicate with a tubular center and no visible stamen.

this flower has very then yellow petals and a group of yellow anthers in the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and facing upward.
a flower with long flowing individual yellow petals and a massive cluster of yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are thin and yellow with yellow filaments.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this particular flower has petals that are short and thin with yellow
this flower has yellow, short narrow pointed petals, yellow anther filaments and a fuzzy green and brown stem.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has thick green sepals that hold a disk-like arrangement of thin yellow petals.

this flower has five hot pink petals with white veins from center to almost the outer edge of the petals.
this flower has large pink petals and a long stigma that is red in color
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are dark near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long stamen
this flower has bright red petals with white stripes throughout the petal and a tall pink stamen.
this bright red and pink flower has a very long protruding stamen that is yellow in color.
this large red flower has a long projecting stigma and petals with white lines.
the pink flower has a long white pollen tube with red stigma.

this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
the flowers have red petals that are curved with yellow middles.
the flower shown has red and yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has small red petals and small red stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow
this particular flower has petals that are orange and yellow
a flower with long and wavy petals that is coral
this flower has layers of large red petals whose edges are soft and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow patch
this flower has large orange flowers with a yellow center.

the flower has yellow petals with a green stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower has an odd arrangement of petals that are bright yellow in the center and pale yellow on the top and bottom.
a very light yellow shadow with very little green leaves
this flower has jagged yellow petals that fold at the edges
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
strange shaped, pale yellow petals that curve upward and downward.

this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spikey.
this green and purple plant has spiky petals and a cone shaped head.
the flower has spiky petals that are needle shped and are purple in color
the blooms of the flower are green in color with spines and spikes that are purple in color.
the feather-shaped light violet petals of this flower surround a large green style and stigma with multiple pale green pointed anthers.
the purple petals are feather shaped and the anther is clustered in a pine cone shape.
the petals and the stigma were sharp and thorny, unlike the rest of the flowers.
this flower has a very thick column-shaped pistil surrounded by a ring of toothed blue petals.
this flower is purple and green in color, with very sharp petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are spiky at the end

this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
the pedicel is delicate and holds a flower and has a huge petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
the red and yellow petals of this flower surround a darkly colored stamen area.
a small red and yellow pedaled flower with a large center.
the flower has petals that are yellow at the tip and gradually turning to red towards the stamen and are separately arranged in disc like manner
this flower is red and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has red petals that has yellow edges and stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red with yellow tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the flower is pink with with petals that are arranged in different layers with their inner layer surround the stamen
many pink triangular petals with a lot of yellow stamen in the middle, floating in the water
sharp pink petals are staggered around a circular region of bright yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has very beautiful pink petals and a big yellow pistil
this flower has bright yellow filaments and pink pointed petals.
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

single flowers attached to pedicel with irregular pink petals that darken as they meet the pedicel.
this flower is vibrant pink in color with round petals, and green pedecil.
almost waxy looking bright pink petals that fold straight up instead of just across.
the flower has large smooth pink petals and green pedicel
this flower is distinguished by deep pink oval petals surrounded by waxy green sepals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded apart
this flower has petals that extend upward over and inverted pedicel.
this flower has very smooth pale pink petals with rounded edges.

a strange flower with purple petals and no visible anther filaments or pistils.
one larger petal with two flowers that are blue in color
the petals of this flower are pink and purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are wavy and pointed.
this flower has three rounded bright blue petals in a sparse arrangement.
this flower is pink and blue in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this flower has purple petals as well as a blue sepal.
a flower with three petals that are curled and blue.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has curling yellow stamen surrounded by three long yellow petals with brown accents.
this is a yellow flower with three unusually shaped petals that have dark veins near the throat.
this flower has three distinct petals that don't touch and are colored with yellow and black stripes.
this flower has a long yellow petal and a bright yellow stigma
this flower has yellow petals with green leaves surrounding it.
this flower has sparse yellow petals with smooth edges and a little bit of white on them.
the gold stamens surrounds the stigma of the yellow petals of the flower
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
the petals on this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green

the petals of this flower are bright red, with a forest green sepal and pedicel.
full red toothed petals with dark green sepals and pedicel.
the flowers are red and have curled edges with green sepals.
this flower contains lush red petals all the way to its core.
bunches of deep red wrinkly petals that form one rich and tightly knitted flower.
this flower has petals that are red and is bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has numerous pedals with rigid edges.
a red flower with many ruffled red petals surrounding it's center.
this flower has large red pedals with ridges on their tips.
this dark red flower has rounded petals that are ruffled looking around the edge.

outer petals are light purple in color,inner petals are purple with some yellow patches
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flowers have lavender petals that are sparse and very light.
the outer petals of the petal are longer and a lighter purple, while the interior petals are shorter and a darker purple, with a style of yellow and white.
this flower has petals that are white with a patch of purple
this flower has pale lilac petals which are slightly ruffled, surrounding a purple mouth.
this flower has large white petals on the outside and a single dark purple one on the inside.
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
the lavendar petals surrounds the dark purple petal around the yellow pollen tube with a white stigma
this flower has whte petals with a yellow and purple patch in the middle

this is a blue flower with connected petals and white near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are blue with green lines
this flower has bell shaped blue petals that have green on the inside with black spots.
the petals are a vibrant blue while the inside of the flower is green and white with black dots.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted in the center.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and is an electric indigo color, with wide mouth.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green patches
this flower has blue petals as well as a green sepal.
this blue white and yellow flower has pointed petals and a bright green pedicel and sepals.
this flower has small layers of green sepals underneath a bright blue bell shaped petal.

this flower has petals that are red with a long style
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the flower shown has purple petals and a large green pistil
this flower has a thick leathery pink petal as its main feature.
the light pink flower has saucer shaped pink petals with a thick yellow pistil in the center.
this flower has one large heart shaped pink petal with a large thick stamen protruding from the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long style
this flower has a singular broad leathery textured pink petal with a light green stamen and broad green leaves.
this flower has a thick white stamen and a shiny, pointy-tipped pink petal.
a single, large, round, brown-red petal, and a long, green-yellow pistil.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has large yellow petals and long yellow stamen in the center
this flower has five large and bright yellow petals around yellow stamen.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
five round petals encircle long yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this little flower is bright yellow and has only five petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has rounded bright yellow petals arranged in a circular and slightly overlapping fashion.

this flower has pinkish light purple peddles with a pink pistil.
the flower has a purple petal with a purple anther and filament
this flower is pale purple with spade-shaped petals and protruding purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has pink petals with pink filaments and anthers at the interior.
this flower has pointy-tipped leaves with veins in shades of pale pink.
this flower has pale pink petals with a slightly white stigma.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are purple and has big style
this flower has light purple large petals that are triangle-shaped and deeply veined.

this flower has large pink petals and long white stamen with yellow anthers
this pink flower has several filaments sticking out of the receptacle.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has prominent white stamen syrronded by purple petals with tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with long stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has pink petals and has long and white stamen
this flower has light purple petals with white filament and green anthers.
this is a pink flower, with four petals, and ten stamens.
there are many long white stamen that compliments this flower's fuchsia petals.

this flower has a lot of red petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has many layered and bunched red petals with a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has many red overlapping pedals with a green sepal.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this red flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red anmd are ruffled together
this flower has short pink petals with jagged top edges arranged in an irregular bunch.

this yellow-orange flower features largish petals and similar-colored stamen.
a yellow flower with a small ovary and long pedicel
this bright yellow flower has four delicate petals surrounding the stamen.
the flower is yellow with four petals that are smooth and so fine that they are torned at their edges and they are supporting the stamen
a rather delicate yellow, four sectioned petal with a slightly orange center floats above a stem of green.
this flower has four yellow petals with very yellow stamen, almost blending in with the petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the flower has four petals that are yellow at the edges then get orange further down.
this flower has four, butter-yellow petals and small stamen of the same color.
this flower has a cross-like arrangement of bright yellow petals with short yellow stamen at the center.

a white and yellow pinwheel shaped flower with hidden stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with a little yellow
this flower has smooth white and yellow petals as its main feature
this flower has a glow of yellow near the ovary, and bright white, stiff, and rounded petals.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are in a spiral shaped.
this flower has five thick white petals that darken into yellow toward their base and are moderately conical in shape.
this white flower has five oval petals with yellow bases opening in a spiral.
this flower has overlapping white petals with a yellow center
this flower has thicker white petals and a green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the petals of the flower are light purple in color and have layers that are ruffled in shape.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bunched together and wavy.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this is a light purple flower with numerous small petals.
the flower has many lavender colored petals in many layers.
a large white and purple flower attached to a green stem.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
the numerous petals on this single flower are a calming lavender with a brush of white.

this flower has a single large white petal that gets yellow at its base
a white and yellow flower with one continuous petal and small white stamen.
the white petals of this blossom join together the edges to form a hexagonal shape, the center is yellow with small white stamen.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovule.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a petal shaped like a pentagon and short white stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
a flower with wide petal that is white with yellow center.
this flower has white petals with spots of yellow on the inside.

flat and smooth yellow petals with darker yellow pistil surrounded by light orange on the petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are round.
the flower has bright orange petals and many flattened orange stamen.
this flower has broad dark yellow or white petals around a center of yellow stamen.
this flower has overlapping, wide white petals with rounded edges.
this yellow flower has four cupped leaves with a darker orange ring around the stamen and stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower is bright yellow in color, and has wide fan like pedals.
this flower has yellow stamen with a blend of yellow and orange petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded and slightly ruffled

this flower has several layers of large, thick, pointed red petals.
this flower is bright red with a distinct star shape to the arrangement of its petals.
this flower has petals that are red and pointy at the ends
the flower has alternately arranged petals that are oval shpaed and are light brown in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has pointy endges
this flower has petals that resemble sharp edges, it seems pointy and poisonous.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has many point ended orange petals and a dark center.
the flower has pointed red petals arranged in two tiers, with green and purple stamens.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the flower has long red petals that are oval shaped and have thin tips.
the flowers have bright red leaves, slightly velvety in texture, surrounding the pale green filaments of the stamen.
the petals of this flower are crimson red and the pedicel is green
this large flower has deep red petals and many yellow stamen.
there are many yellow stamen with red petals and green leaves
a flower with long and wide petals that have a pointed edge.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stamenj

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this is a flower that has a lot of purple and white pointy petals.
the petals of this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are purple.
bright needle pointed purple flower with and off white circle and light purple in the center of it.
the spiky petals of this succulent plant are a dark purple which gradually lightens to a lighter lavender in the center of the flower.
this flower has a very large number of extremely skinny purple petals.

a circular flower with filaments lying over the petals leaving the pistil exposed
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals and a lot of purple stamen and anthers on it
the flower shown has many strand-like petals that are purple and white.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has thick, pale purple petals with wavy purple fringe.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and are attached to a stem that is green in color.
this flower has white petals with long and wavy purple and white filaments in a disk-type arrangement.

triangle-shaped petals (almost leaflike in shape) of pink coloring.
this flower has three pink petals and a dark yellow stigma.
this flower has three pink petals shaped like rectangles.
this is a flower with three pink petals and a pink style.
this flower has a bright pink colored petals and a pink anther in the middle
this flower has petals that are pink and have dark imprints
this flower has triangular, veined pink leaves surrounding small center blooms.
this flower has 3 pink petals with bright green leaves.
this flower has three triangular shaped, bright pink petals, with three paler pink pistils in the center.
this flower has three pink triangular shasped petals on a skinny pedicel.

this flower has a white petal and a white colored stamen
this large star-shaped flower has ruffled edges and conjoined white petals with pale green centers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled, and connect.
a few flowers with white petals and white anther filaments.
there are ruffled white petals gradually changing to green in the center and the stamen are greenish white.
this flower has a pentagon shape with white petals and a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has a connected white petal that gets more yellow closer to the stamen.
this flower has a petal with uneven edges, white coloring and light green veins.

this is a strange flower with pink petals and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stamen
this flower is has a pink and white color on its petals and white stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a tiny white central blossom surrounded by hot pink triangular petals with pointed tops and leaflike veins.
these flowers have rigid petals that are white on the outside and pink on the inside.
a pistil and purple petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
this flower has large pink and white petals with a large white stigma.
the petals are bright pink with some white and the pistil is very long.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
the flower shown has bright orange petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has bright reddish orange petals with orange stamen.
the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
this bright red orange petaled flower has a yellow pistil.
this flower has small bright orange petals with small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this orange flower has rounded petals, yellow sepals and a light green pedicel.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.

this flower has green sepals outside layers of pink and white petals which surround the prominent yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has multiple yellow stamen surrounded by long upturned pink and white petals with slightly tapered edges.
the flower has a pointed tip and pinkish with yellow
the flower has petals that are dark pink and white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
layers of thick pink and white petals encase the bright yellow stamens.
this flower has stiff looking pink and white petals with bright yellow stamen.
this flower has layers of pink petals with strings of yellow stamen in the center of it.

this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this orange flower is arising from the thick sepal and holding the petals with the black pistil at the side
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has petals that are pointed and bright orange.
this flower has long blade like petals which are orange in color and a purple style all enclosed in a green sepal
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has long orange petals with sharp pointed edges.
a unique looking flower with orange and black petals coming from a green stem
this flower has orange upright petals that have pointed tips.
this flower has large, very thick and very spiky petals in shades of vivid orange and indigo.

this flower has petals that are green wiht purple stiamne
the center of the flower is of various colors such as purple, maroon, white and yellow.
the flower has many colors such as blue white purple with a green style
this flower has white petals with a white and purple colored stigma.
a flower with a lot of different colors with a large ovary
flower that has long, skinny, fringed petals with a white stigma and dark brown anther.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower is white and blue in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has green petals with long and string purple stamen
a flower that has long skinny petals that are purple and white.

the flower shown has purple stringy petals with yellow stamen in the center
this medium white flower has rows of thin blue petals and thick stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals and a lot of purple stamen and a white stigma in the middle
the flower is so big and has big petals and a circular disc of petals are arranged separately on top of it
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this flower has purple petals as well as a stamen.
a flat purple flower with many string like purple petals that surrounding large light green stamen at it's center.
this flower has a thick hair-like fringe surrounding thick green stamen.
the violet or plum petals of this flower, numbering perhaps a hundred, radiate from the center consisting of seven or eight platinum, t-topped stamen, and articulate smoke-like curlicues at their ends.

this flower has petals that are blue with a white center
rich blue flower fading to white in the center.
the trumpet shaped petals of these flowers are vibrant blue with white centers and are seated in dark green sepals.
sepolas are green,flower is blue incolor and capsule shaped with smaller stamen and pistil
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are blue towards the edges.
a flower with purple petals that go white towards the stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are round and blue with white
a blue trumpet shaped bloom with no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has blue and white petals that form a satellite shape

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals on this flower are smooth and white with green pedicel
this flower has petals that are white with patches of purple
this flower has rounded white petals surrounding purple and yellow stamen.
flower petals are whiyte in color with larger anthers
this is a white flower with five petals and a light pink stamen.
this flower has large white petals with a pink center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored near the center.
this white flower has rounded petals, and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading

the bright yellow flower has many pistils and a section where the three petals separate which adds dimension and interest.
this is a yellow flower with yellow stamin and green style.
this sunny yellow blossom has simple round petals and a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are in a circle.
this yellow flower has several fan shaped petals and many yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has small yellow petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
a yellow flower with yellow stamen at it's center.
this flower has a tiny green ovary surrounded by a ring of bright yellow stamen and flat petals.

the petals are arranged around a round structure that have tiny pink petals.
the flower has several oval pink petals and small pink petals in the middle.
this flower has pink pistil and pink petals as its main features
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has a lot of small shape pinkish petals to it .
the flower has several layers of thin oval shaped pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has a couple of layers of bright pink oblong shaped petals in ray-like configuration.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has white and pink petals with green pedicel
these strange looking flowers has pink and white petals with a little yellow inside
this flower has petals that are pink with white patches
light purple and white petals with green middle green leaves
this flower has small pink clustered petals with curled edges.
a flower with pink and white leaves and green stamen
this flower has small white and pink petals with a fuzzy hair-like appearance.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has ruffled edges

the petals are large and curve downward and are light purple in color while the stamen and stigma are also purple.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
petals are larger in size,they are light pink in color
this flower has large and wrinkled pink petals along with a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded outwards
this particular flower has petals that are long and shriveled and they are red
this flower has very light pink petals and a small green pedicel
this flower has wide thick pink petals which are veined prominently.

pretty yellow flower with layers of petals hanging down on its stem.
this flower has wilted, yellow flowers and a wilted receptacle.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
yellow flower that looks like a cup and saucer, very pretty.
the petals on this yellow flower form two cup shapes, one inside the other.
this flower has a cone shaped yellow petal with an outer layer of yellow green petals.
the flower has yellow petals that are shaped like a trumpet.
this flower has a trumpet shaped yellow petal positioned inside of larger yellow sepals.
it is pretty flower with yellow bell-shaped corolla.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped

this deep red flower has multiple rows of petals surrounding a pink pistil.
the red rose has petals on the green stems
this red flower has rounded petals that swirl around the inside of the flower.
the flower presented has a red rose petal with green sepal
the petals of the flower are overlapping and are red in color with green leaves.
this red flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
the petals are layered and red and the sepal are green and jagged.
this flower has a spiral of large, wide petals in deep red hues.
this flower has red petals that fold together in a swirl
the petals of the flower are red in color and have sharp pointed leaves.

this flower has a very wavy texture and it is pink.
this is a deep pink flower with fewer wide petals and small anthers on long filaments.
soft petals with a bright fusia coloring, and thin stamens.
these small flowers have delicate pink petals with dark pink spots.
these flowers have lush, purple petals and thin pistils at their core.
this flower has pink petals with long purple stamen in the middle
this flower has large, bright pink petals that surround long stamen that come from the center of the flower.
this flower has large pink petals with long slim stamen that have black anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.

a flower with large white individual petals pointing upward and a central cluster of yellow stamen.
this green and yellow multiple-petaled flower is set off with bright yellow filament.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a group of long stigmas
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several layers of long, upturned white petals.
this flower has a yellow center and upturned layers of tapered white petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers
this flower has oblong white petals arranged in different layers.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
the yellow petals are pointed and face upward to surround bright gold stamens.

this flower has small pink petals with white anther as its main features
flowers are many and are both light pink in color with larger white anthers
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the flower shown has five pink petals with a dark pink ring in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with a purple center
the flower is small with petals that are so soft, smooth and starting out as long, thin tube and suddenly flaring in to flat faced flower
this pink flower has five rounded petals and very short stamen.
this flower has small light pink petals that turn dark pink towards the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has pink petals with a purple circle in the center

these flowers is a cluster of little red flowers with small petals and a white stamen.
a cluster of small red flowers, each with four round petals and cream-colored stamens.
flowers with four red petals each and light yellow stamen in the middle.
these red flowers have four rounded petals and white centers.
these flowers with red petals have what stamen and four petals on each flower.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has short white stamen and bright red round petals.
dark red flower with broad flat petals around a small white pistil
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a flower with five red petals with a cluster of light yellow stamen at it's center.

this flower has long droppping golden yellow petals with a dark circular pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are drooping down.
pedicel is green in color ,petals are yellow in color with larger stamens
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower had droopy yellow skinny petals with brown stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the golden flower has long drooping petals and a round orb like center that is dark brown.
the leaves of the flower are dark yellow in color and the center is black in color.
a flower with long yellow petals and a brown stamen.

the beautiful white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around yellow stamens forming disc like shape
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has small white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
two layers of a ton of white petals surrounding a dome-like structure of yellow stamen.
this white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is bright orange
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has large white petals with a large yellow pistil.

flower has bi-color pink and peach petals and some of the petals have black stripes.
this flower has several large white and pink petals with slight accents of yellow and brown.
this flower has upright cream colored petals with pink spines and red stamen with brown anthers.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has yellow and pink petals with a green pedicel
this flower has pink stamen and white petals with pink and yellow markings.
this flower has long and soft white petals with pink accents and pink stamen.
a flower with pink, white, yellow coloration pedals and dots as well.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color with anthers that are hot pink.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stripes

the purple and white stamens with white triangular petals underneath them
this flower is white, blue, and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
these white flowers have thin blue spiky petals and yellow centers.
the petals on this flower are white on the exterior ring and purple on the interior ring.
beneath a purple pistil, there are several flat-lying green stamens, then a ring of blue, white, and purple needle-like petals, then a ring of flat white petals, then shiny green leaves.
this flower has white petals on the bottom layer, a second layer of spiked, purple petals and layers of purple and light green stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is white and blue in color, with oval shaped petals.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner below the disc of stamen
this flower has rounded pale green petals under a frizzy fringe of dark purple hairs.

the flower has purple and white petals with a large yellow pollen tube
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled and darker at the tips.
this flower has a lot of pink petals, and a large yellow stigma in the center
the flower has alternatelyv arranged petals that are light pink in color
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
a pink flower with a cup shaped reproductive center with red dots on top of it.
a pink and white flower with a large and thick stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big yellow style
this flower has layers of bright pink petals with tan stamen and a large white pistil.
this flower have light pink petals, that are tinged with a darker pink around the edges.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are light pink with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has thin long stamen surrounded by thin long link petals which are curled backwards.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that arewavy and curled.
this flower has soft pink shriveled petals with curvy edges.
this flower has long pink petals and long pink stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this is a pink flower with thin petals that flex downward with long pistil.

the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white stamen.
the flower has inner petals that are white in color and smaller and the outer petals are yellow in color and are larger
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower has a green sepal, red receptacle, bright yellow petals and white stamen.
this yellow flower has rounded petals with white stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green style
this flower has small orange petals with rounded edges and red accents.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.

this flower has petals that are red and are folded in
a simple but brightly colored flower featuring bright red petals and a simple light green stem.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely bunched together.
a flower with very large folded over bright red petals and green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are large and bright red in color
the petals of this flower are big and red and the pedicel is green
this flower has very wide and very ruffled red petals with soft texture effects.
this flower has large bright red petals that overlap each other.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
the flower has round red petals that are wavy at the end.

this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
a flower that has white petals and red stamen
this white-petaled flower has a lush arrangement of stamen at its core.
this flower has a large white petal with a dark brown anther
the stamens are shorter with larg purple shaped anthers and smaller purple stigma
this white and purple flower has pointed petals and green stamen with purple anthers.
medium sized, pointed, white petals with white filament and purple-red anthers.
this is a white flower with star-shaped petals and pink stamens.
the long white leaves with ruffled edges circle a red center.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen

the flower has a the base of trombone base shape as it curves out from stigma.
this trumpet shaped white flower has the green pedicel and the stamens with the yellow anthers at the centre
seaplas rae green in color,flower is white in color ,with white larger anthers
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow stamen
a flower with white petals and yellow stamen.
a white trumpet-shaped flower with yellow anther, and a light green sepal.
this flower has a large white petal with very thin tips and yellow stamen.
this flower has a white, tube-shaped petal, light green pedicel and yellow stamen.
this flower has pointed white petals that has a yellow style

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower has a bright red and yellow color scheme on its petals.
the flowers has a lot of petals that are mostly red in color towards the center but yellow towards the edges.
this flower has a red center surrounded by long red petals with tapered yellow tips.
a large red flower whose numerous petals have yellow tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has long thin red petals with tapered yellow tips.
this flower has slender petals that are red in the body and yellow at the tips; it has a broad red pistil with yellow stamens.

the flower shown here has blue petals which surround the white stamen
the flower has white stamen and purple in color petals
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the pedals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are star shaped.
this flower has five veined petals with tapered tips in a pale purple hue.
a star shaped flower with a deep blue pedals and a white center.
this flower has blue petals with dark lines and white stamen
this flower has five bright blue petals in a star formation with white stamen.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are curled downward.
this drooping flower has large, papery thin white petals with slightly tapered tips.
the down turned flower has white thick petals and curved thin green pedicel.
the flower has down cuved petals that are green white in color with shorter stamen
this flower has petals that are white and folded in
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
these flowers have drooping blossoms with white petals on a green stem.
this flower has white petals cupped downward with streaks of green.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
this flower has downward pointing white flowers with yellow creases.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center
the flower has petals that are overlapping and dark red.
this flower has pointed green sepals surrounding several layers of overlapping red petals with rounded edges.
the rose has red petals that hadn't open up .
the flower has a rose petal with green sepal and pedicel
the petals of the flower fold inward and are red in color.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower has dark red petals and has not yet bloomed obscuring the inner anatomy of the flower.
this flower has small green sepals and bright red petals with a smooth texture.

this flower has petals that are pale pink with dark pink tips.
the flower's pink and red petals grow out of a skinny green stem with large green leaves.
a purple and pink flower with pointed petals and a green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrapped around the ovary.
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are light purple colored with darker colored tips.
a purple flower with green leaves and sepal

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around the disc of sepal
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of red
this is a flower that has white and pink petals with a dark pink center.
this flower has petals that are pink in color with a very smooth texture.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and darker near the base.
a light pink flower with pink petals and a dark pink center
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red center
this flower has red and pink petals as well as a green sepal.

the flowers petals are a very light pink with a rounded edge and the stamen filaments are white at the bottom and yellow on the top.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has smooth white petals with yellow anther as its main features
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
a light pink flower with golden and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and overlapping pale pink petals.
this white flower has petals as well as a stamen.

a 5-petaled, star-shaped flower with bluish purple color which highlights the dark burgundy stigmas and stamens in the center.
this beauty has purplish bluish petals with a purple in its stamen.
this flower is a lilac color with a beautiful ovary and pollen tube
this flower has cool purplish blue petals and a cool purplish red middle.
this flower shown has a long green pedicel and bright blue petals
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has small blue petals and long red stamens.
this flower blooms in a star fomation with colorful purple petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower has light blue petals and a bunch of dark purple and green stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has large light pink petals and green stigma in the middle
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower has petals that are pale pink with green stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has a yellow filament, green anther stamen and pink petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
a few long, pale pink petals surround a loose green pistil.
a flower with light pink petals and green leaves.

the flower has petals that are thin and purplish pink and spiky.
a flower consisting almost entirely of what looks like long thin purple stamen.
this is a spikey lavender flower with many tiny pointed bristling petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the flower has many purple petals which are spiked in the center
this flower has a hair-like layer of soft thin purple fringe.
this flower has a dome-like configuration of very thin and spiky purple petals.
a flower with long and spiky pistils that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this purple flower is composed of a dense cluster of long, thin petals; no reproductive features are evident.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has yellow pistil and orange petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the flower is orange in color and the inside is yellow.
this flower has many orange petals as well as yellow anthers.
this orange flower has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has orange petals arranged in a ray-like shape around the yellow center.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

these lovely yellow petaled-flowers have intricate, lighter innards.
this beauty has yellow petals with a hint of brown in its stamen.
the flower has a trifold pattern of petals that are yellow in color with berries in the center stalk.
these small flowers contain four yellow overlapping petals surrounding a small ovary with white sepals.
a flower with rounded yellow petals and white stamen.
the small yellow flower has four pedals with a white center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
a flower with short and yellow petals that are rounded.
multiple tiny yellow blossoms with really tiny white stamen in the center.
this flower has very short white stamen surrounded by small, rounded petals that are yellow in color.

this flower has large white petals that are wrinkled on the edges, with one petal on each flower having a distinct yellow spot.
this flower has layer of three thin white petals that come a point and another layer of large rugged white petals.
this white flower has star shaped petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the flower has very wavy white petals and also long thin white petals.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a patch of yellow
this flower has three white petals that become yellow in the center with three white sepal, it doesn't seem to have any pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and fused together and forming star like shape
this is a flower with white petals and a yellow style.
the flower has a smooth white petal with a yellow pollen tube in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and connected.
flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma.
a large white funnel shape with a light green center.
a flower with a circle of bright white petals that surround a small ball shaped stamen in the center
this flower has large white petals with yellow ovaries and veins.
a flower with wide petals that are curled outward and white.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center

this is a white flower with four large wavy edged rounded petals and deeply situated stamen on short filaments.
this flower has petals that are white with white stigma.
the flower shown has white petals with white pistil as well
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this white flower has triangular petals, green sepals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has a ruffled star shape and very pale green veins.

these flowers have long bell shaped petals that are dark pink with dots on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has purple bell shaped petals that have white and purple spots.
this flower has long cone-shaped purple petals and darker purple dots in the center.
this flower is characterized by its purple, cylindrical petals as well as hair-like projections that seem to coming off the petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.

the flower shown has a prominent anthers as its main feature and orange petals with black spots.
this flower has petals that are orange with black dots
the flower shown has orange petals with dark spots on them and white filament
a large flower with red black spotted petals and huge pistils showing.
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are red and has black dots
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has very long and prominent light stamen with orange petals that have dark spots.
a red flower with curled up pedals and a long stigma.
the orange petals are curled backwards and have dark brown spots and the filament is orange and the anther is dark orange.

this flower is shiny red in color, and has one single petal.
the large flower is characterized by a bloom that is red in color and a thick pistil.
this flower features a prominent stamen surrounded by red waxy petals.
this flower has one red petal with long stigma
the flower has a large red petal with a white and redish pollen tube
the petals of the flower are of a plastic like texture, and is a bold red color.
this flower has a thick white stamen and a very shiny, pointy-tipped red petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
this flower has a thick red petal and a long pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has a single large petal.

this flower has a large white pistil surrounded by a textured red petal with a pointy tip.
this flower has petals that are red with a long stigma
the pedals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
the flower shown has a white pistil with a large red petal
a large shiny heart shaped petal surrounding a long pink colored pistil at it's center.
a flower with bright red petals and a multi colored stamen.
this flower has a single large red petal and a very thick and upright white pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is red, white, and green in color, with a single shiny petal.

this flower has a large yellow pollen tube surrounded by upturned layers of pink petals with pointed tips.
these flowers have layered petals that range from light to dark pink.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and a bright yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has multiple rows of light purple petals arranged in a cup-like formation.
this flower has pink petals that are curved and pointed upwards, many yellow stamen, green pedicel, and large green leaves.
this flower has a green pedicel, pink petals, and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has a green pedicel, pink petals, and yellow anther filaments.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has four large petals that are yellow at the end and orange in the middle and surround yellow stamen.
this flower has four bright yellow petals and multiple yellow stamen.
a flower with four large yellow petals and bright yellow stamen.
the flower has four golden yellow petals surrounding yellow stamen.
the flower has four big wavy yellow petals which fade from dark to light
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this particular flower has petals that are long and yellow
this flower has four yellow petals with a small grouping of stamen at its center.

the bell shaped blue flower is soft and enclosing stamens and supported by green sepal
the sepals are green and the flower is blue in color.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow style
the petals on this flower are blue and the pedicel is green
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a bell shape
the vibrant purple petals form a vase shape around thin green stamens.
stunning dark blue bell-shaped flowers atop thin dark green leaves.

the pedicel hold many flowers with many petals on them.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this is a strange circular flower with purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
deep blue flowers that have prominent pistils and glossy green sepals at their base.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has a single stem that contains many blossoms, each with slightly cupped bright blue petals.

the flower has petals that are white, with a red center, and white filaments.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with white and red petals accompanied by a white stigma.
white petals that become red toward the stigma, which is red turning into white with white filament and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are white with a long stigma
a large white star shaped flower with a red center and a white long stigma with a gold tip.
this flower has five wide rounded white petals with a bright fuchsia center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has red center
this flower has five white petals that blend to a red in the center and long pistol with yellow stigma at the end

this flower has petals that are orange and yellow
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has orange crinkly petals with darker veins and a large around of dark yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with many orange stamen.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has wide pale orange petals with deep veins.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
these flowers have wrinkled orange petals hanging from green pedicels.
this flower is peach in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow stigma

the petals are rounde in shape and orange in color withlager anthers
the flower has petals that are orange with yellow filaments.
the orange petals of this flower surround the yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has a bright orange petal and a yellow anther filament
the dark orange blossom has round petals that surround a number of yellow filaments.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.
this flower has bright orange rounded petals with a ribbed surface and yellow stamen.
a large orange flower with a golden stigma in center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature and many white pistils.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with green tips and long flowery steman
the white and purple flower features pointed stamens.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.
the petals of this flower are like white pointy dragon fly wings that have green veins and red tips and they form a bottom layer around a big cluster of hundreds of stamen.
this flower has wide white and green petals surrounding tiny blossoms.
this flower has petals that are white and has a flowery stigma

this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the fluted petals, arranged with three inner and outer,are yellow with red tips, while the long white stamens protrude from the trumpet-shaped flower.
six triangular petals, orange on their tips but yellow lower down, overlap in two tight layers to surround their pale pink, slightly curved stamens.
this large petaled flower has red on the tips of the petals and yellow toward the inside with white stamens.
this flower has a large yellow petal with red tips with some with stamen coming out
a yellow flower with red outer ridges, shaped in a trumpet like fashion.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower grows in clumps and has yellow and red-orange pedals.
a flower with long nd narrow petals that are yellow with red tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has shades of orange

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the petals of the flowers are orange and yellow in color with green leaves.
this flower has many layers of long, flat orange petals that grow away from the center of short yellow stamen.
layers of slender, oval petals lie smoothly around multiple yellow stamen. the petals fade from bright yellow at the base to deep orange at the tips.
this flower has many orange petals that change to yellow as they meet in the center around a clustered group of yellow stamen.
the flower is so big and beautiful with petals that are soft, smooth and orange in color and has yellow bunch of stamen in the centre
a flower with long and narrow and are orange.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has orange petals that have small and yellow stamen

this flower has large wrinkled petals that are are mostly light purple but turn white in the center and yellow at the base.
the flower has petals that are pink, soft and separately arranged around stamens and forming a bowl like shape
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow shading
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and pink near the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this white, purple and yellow flower has rounded petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has a bright yellow ovary and stamen surrounded by wrinkled purple and white petals.
this is a ombre purple flower with yellow on the inside of the petals.

the petals on this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower is round with pointy white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is in white and yellow color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals that point straight up with a yellow pollen tube.
this flower has long off white petals that curve skyward, and a yellow stigma and stamen.
this white and pink flower has rounded pedals and a yellow stamen with black anthers.
the flower's small white petals with pink tips surround a large yellow pistil.
this flower has white petals with magenta tips, a yellow stamen and dark purple anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style

this flower has a bright yellow center and pale purple petals with rounded tips which are slightly upturned.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the sepals are green and the sepals are purple and separated.
this flower's petals are whitish-purple and they center around a gold-colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the yellow stamen is surrounded by purple petals on a green pedicel.
this purple flower has an outer row of star-shaped petals and a prominent orange pistil "
this flower has purple petals with yellow and orange stamen
this flower is purple and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the flower shown has white anther with bright pink petals
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around stamens in many layers
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with a shade of red
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has five bright pink oblong petals with darker pink spotting on them.
a large flower with a purple pedal and a long black stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
the pink flower petals flourishes the dark pollen tube and stigma

the flower shown has an outer ring of yellow while the lower petals are red
the flower has thin petals that are red in the middle and have yellow tips.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a wide red center surrounded by long red petals with tapered yellow tips.
this flower has red petals with yellow tips and there are red anthers in the center
this multicolored flower has red and yellow petals arranged in a disk shape.
the flower has a red stigma and a yellow ovary
this flower has red petals that are thin and have yellow tips
the petals of this flower are crimson towards the receptacle but fade to bright yellow at the tips.
this red flower has bright yellow in the edge of each sepal and fused reproductive organs in the center

this flower has light pink petals that face upwards and curve around the ovule.
this flower has pink petals that overlap with green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are pink fading to white
the flower has pink and white petals with leaves a long green stem
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this is a pink flower with many clustered petals cupped up from a straw-like green stem, and the pistil and stamen can't be seen.
this flower has light pink petals that face upwards towards the sky and get darker towards the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has pink and white petals and a long narrow green stem.
this flower has a green pedicel and pedals that go from inner white to a dark pink at the tips of the pedals.

this flower has a wrinkled petal that is white with green veins.
this flower is like a rose but with white petals and a lime green pedicel.
this flower is white an yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower has a trumpet shape with conjoined white petals which ruffle at the edges.
this particular flower has petals that are white and green
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
this flower has a yellow fuzzy receptacle and white petals with uneven edges and light green veins.

this flower has a long pink petal with a lot of dots on the inside of it
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
lots of tubular flowers form a spike and each one is pink with a white and red spotted throat.
the petals are capsule shaped and lightpurple in color with flower patrn on the inside
these bell shaped flowers have black spots with white sides and fluttery edges.
this flower has a large number of bell shaped pink petals with dark spots.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the petals of the flower have a distinctive pattern on the inner petals that consists of maroon, white, and pink tones.
a flower it tube shaped petal that is pink with dark spots.

this flower has yellow and red petals with red stamen and yellow pistil.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and stamen
a yellow and orange flower with a green pedicel and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips and yellow stamen.
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are yellow along the edges.
this flower has a ray-like configuration of petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower has stamen that are red and yellow with petals that are red at the base and yellow near the ends.
this flower has red petals with yellow tips and many stamen
this flower has dark red petals with yellow tips forming a line around the outside, and a pronounced yellow pistil.

this flower has petals that are white with a small stigma
the flower is white with its fused petal that is smooth, soft and enclosing the stamen that has white anthers
this flower has white petals and a center that is yellow and no visible stamen
this pretty flower has white petals with yellow in the inside with green leaves
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are shaped like a one circle.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white surrounding a smaller bright yellow center.
the flower has one, five lobed, white petal that turns yellow towards the center, it has white stamen.
the one petaled white flower has a yellow tip and fully leafed stem.
a flower with side petal that is white with a yellow center.

a funnel-like red pedaled flower with the pedals curving.
this trumpet shaped flower had conjoined red petals which bell outwards at their rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
leaves are green in color,flower is red in color and capsule in shape
the flower has soft long red petals that are shaped like a trumpet.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is long and green
this flower has a long trumpet shape with rounded red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.

this flower consists of many spiky yellow petals with an orange ovary and many orange short stamens.
the spiky, thin yellow petals of this flower radiate outward from its bushy stamen.
light yellow petals dark yellow middle
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringhy
the center of the flowers are covered with stamen and the petals are thin and bright yellow.
the flower is characterized by its light yellow color of its stringy petals and its dark yellow pistil and stamen at the center.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are yellow.
the petals of the flower are long, and very thin, while the stamen of the flower is in a cluster configuration.
this flower has long skinny needle like petals surrounding darker yellow stamen.

five long green stamen are on this flower beneath its tightly packed bud that is primarily yellow with a blush of red.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are closely bunched together.
the flower has a yellow petal with green sepal with spots of purple
the flower has a yellow and red variegated blooms with a green sepal.
this yellow flower has four sepals underneath the petals in a button.
this flower has yellow and light pink petals, four sepals, and a thin green and pink stem.
a yellow flower with green sepals and green pedicel and bottom of the petals are pink
the pistil is more compact, the petals overlap one another and are yellow in color with a fade of red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange patches
this flower has layers of soft yellow petals with rounded pink tips.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow pistil.
a prominent larger pistil with many larger stamen and light pink petals
the petals are pure white with tints of pink and the stigma is pure yellow.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges
this flower has white petals with light pink tips, yellow stamens and what looks to be a yellow stigma
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a bright yellow pistil.
the flower has a white petal with many stamen around the yellow pollen tube
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has many upward facing petals that are white with pink tips.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has bright red petals with yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are overlapping and red with yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have a center composed of yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are red wiht yellow stamen
this flower has layers of bright red petals with short rounded edges.
the red petals are layered and form a disk around stamen with yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has crimson red petals and very small yellow pistils
tiered thin red petals in a starburst pattern with a brown center crowned by yellow tipped stamen.

pedicel is green in color,petals are purple in color
a flower with lavender petals and white anther filaments in the center.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
the flower shown has pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are purple with a flowery stigma
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of very light purple petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are purple and overlap each other
this flower is purple!
bright purple petals sit on top of a thin and long green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.

this flower has protruding stamen surrounded by orange petals with brown spots which curl backwards.
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
the long orange pistil of this flower is ringed in turn by long curved white filaments, each capped with a brown anther, and by long curling pointed brown spotted orange petals.
this flower has a long and curved orange petal with black spots on the side of it
the flower has orange petals with purple spots and white filament
this flower has long white filaments with orange anthers and orange spotted petals.
this flower has very long curved orange petals that all have purple spots all over them.
this flower has long orange petals and brown dots.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black stamen

the flower shown has several petals that are purple and white.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and bunched.
there are many flowers on the pedicel and its has many colors.
this is a strange flower with white,purple, and pink petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are a solid pink color, and some are a light pink color.
this multicolored flower has petals rows of petals colored in purples, pinks and reds with bright green leaves.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
the petals of this flower are purple and magenta and the pedicel is green

pedicel is green in color,flower is white in color,maby yellow anthers
this flower has the simple row of white petals and the stamens with the yellow anther at the tip
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has small white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has seven white petals with many yellow anthers.
this is a white flower with eight petals and yellow stamen.

the flower has large petals with yellow center and white on the outer petal.
this flower has five wide white petals, smooth and slightly tapered, with yellow centers.
there are five petals that are yellow by the stem but are white at the edge.
this flower has five large overlapping petals that are white on the outside and yellow toward the center.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a purple pedicel.
the cream colored petals are almond shaped and turn yellow towards the pedicel and the sepals are green.
this flower has oval pedals that are white and yellow

the petals of the flower are bright red while there are many yellow stamen and the middle is dark red.
the flower shown has bright red petals along with yellow anther
a blood colored pistil collects together with a group of long yellow stamens around the outside which is attached to the bright red petals.
this flower has vibrant red petals with a flat style.
this flower has a very bright red peddles this a brown center and yellow pistil.
this bright red flower has multiple layers of oval petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a red flower with yellow stigma, stamen and leaves are green and small
a short and wide petal that is bright red.
this flower has red petals that have purple and yellow stamen

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center composed of anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are dark pink with many yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this bright red flower has a large number of rounded petals and a cluster of yellow stamen at the center.
a large purple flower with a gold stigma and heart shaped pedals.
this flower has white filament along with yellow anther and a bright purple petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower has yellow and white stamen and deep pink petals.
this flower has short yellow stamen and bright pink layers of petals.

a flower with round tubular petals with dots on them and green pedicel
the flower is shaped like a tube and has a purple petal with spots of black and white
this flower is purple and black in color, and has petals that are shaped like cones.
the flower has petals of a pink hue with brown and white spots.
these tubular flowers have curved purple petals with black spots.
this flower has a tall, circular, broad purple petal that's spotted on one side.
this flower is white and purple in color, with bell shaped petals.
this flower has a long purple trumpet shape and a wide, curved mouth.
these lavender flowers are shaped like a tube with brown and yellow spots in the inside of them.
the long purple petals have brown spots with white circles on the inside and it is hard to see the yellow stamen.

this small white flower has a big cluster of green stamens in the center.
this flower has numerous yellow stamen and large, rounded white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cup.
fleshy white petals with tubular green appendages surround numerous yellow stamen whit white stigma at the center.
these round, white flower petals have bright yellow stamen inside of them.
a white flower has yellow filament and anther and the green pedicel and the bottom of petals are white
this flower has pure white petals with a large amount of yellow stamen in the middle
a large flower, with large white petals, and a very large pistil.
a flower with large, wide petals that are white and yellow pistils in the middle.
this flower has overlapping petals of white which are wide and rounded.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
flowers are alternately arranged,they are orange in color
a yellow and orange flower with a green pedicel and red sepal.
this flower has large yellow petals with ruffled edges and orange accents in the centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange patches
this flower has petals that are red and has shades of yellow
this flower has wavy, multicolored petals that are bright yellow with irregular orange markings.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow with orange in the middle.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange and yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
this flower has wide ruffled orange petals with bright yellow edges.

this flower has small thin yellow petals and a lot of yellow anthers on it
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by hundreds of very thin fringed yellow petals.
the flower petals are mneedle shaped and re yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and yellow.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the thin yellow petals surround bright gold stamens.
many thin yellow pedals clustered together with a large yellow center to make a flower
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
the petals of this flower are stringy and yellow and the pedicel is green

this flower has a a lot of white petals with a yellow center without any stamen
this flower has hard curved white and yellow petals that wrap around the flower in an overlapping patern.
only the five white and yellow petals are visible in this flower where no piston, stamen or stigma are shown.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with multi colored petals that are white and yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and has shades of white
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a white flower with yellow bottom petals and the pedicel are green
the flower has cream and yellow colored petals arrange in a star shape around the stigma.
a flower with petals that are white on one side and yellow on the other.

the flower has overlapping petals, with underlying purple petals, white petals on top and many yellow stamen.
a flower with looped white petals, yellow anther, and yellow filaments resting on purple sepals
this flower has yellow pistil and white petals as its main features
the flower is white and also it has soft, smooth and disc like shaped petals
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with oval shaped petals.
the flower has and outer row of purple petals and and inner layer of white petals.
this flower has purple and white petals that have yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has bright purple sepals along with white petals and yellow stamens.

the flower has purple pedals with a gray and white ovary.
this star-shaped flower has royal blue petals and a white, blue and green pistil.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
this flower is blue and star shaped with protuberant stamen.
this flowers has blue-violet outer petals and white and green inner interior.
the petals form a five-pointed blue star reflected by the white star-shaped stigma that is surrounded with a collar of blue and white striped stamen.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant blue color, with shades of white and green throughout.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a green center
this flower has bright blue petals that are arranged in a star-like fashion.
a star shaped dark blue flower with a large center.

this flower has several smooth rounded petals in an orange and red shade.
this flower has red and orange petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with big stigmas
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals on this flower are orange with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red patches
this flower has bright orange petals with red veins and small white stamen.
this flower has golden orange outer petals and berry shaped anthers.
this flower has small orange and red petals with small white petals.
this orange flower has beautiful orange-red petals, brown stamen, and its maroon stigmas shown in the middle of the flower.

this peach-colored flower has several layers of oblong overlapping petals coalescing in a yellow pistil.
the flower has peach colored petals that have stripes in the middle.
this flower has many layers of pink petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink with patch of yellow
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of pale orange petals which are yellow along the edges.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with ovalshaped petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
the petals on this flower are mostly pink in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the flower contains several individual flowers clustered together with blue petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and fold together
this is a flower with dark purple petals that curve inward.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are curled over each other.
this flower's cup-shaped petals are indigo in color and grouped together in tight clusters.
this flower has dark purple petals that droop down off a bright green stem.
this flower has purple petals that form into a bell shape
this flower has many blossoms grouped together with bright blue petals and yellow pistils.
this flower has deep violet-colored petals, wound around the recessed pistil and stamen, which are green.
this flower has blue petals as well as a pedicel.

the petals are white with large tints of yellow and the stigma is pink.
this flower has small, ribbon like yellow petals with white tips.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is bright yellow with white color scheme on its outer petals with an orange pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
flower
this flower has round and very smooth yellow petals with white tips.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white and yellow petals and the pedicel is green

this flower has smooth white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has light pink-white petals, yellow anther and filament, and a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has white wide petals with a tint of pink, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower with long, narrow, and pointed petals that are white.
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color bright yellow.

the 8 petal flower starts with a bright yellow center made up of a close bunch of filaments and progresses from deep purple to light purple as the petals move away from the center of the flower.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this is a colorful flower with petals that are light pink with a dark pink circle toward the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is in pink and yellow color, with petals that are ruffle and uneven.
this flower has thick pink petals with vertical striations in gradations of pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are brighter near the ovary.
the outer petals of the flower are pink in color and the inner parts of the petals are dark pink in color.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the petals on this flower are very delicate and purple in color.
the large rounded needle shaped flower has needle shaped white colored petals with large anthers hanging
this flower has a bunch of white stamen with white anthers on top
this puffy ball shaped flower is covered in thin light blue petals.
this flower has petals that stick straight out and full, there are brown, small pistils,
this flower has a unique shape and the color is lavender
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has a large number of light blue tubular petals arranged in a globe configuration.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower has spike-shaped thing light blue petals and a light green pedicel.

a flower with three flat purple petals which are yellow at the center.
this flower has five very round petals in varying hues of deep purple.
this flower is purple, and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow center
this flower has round purple petals that overlap and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this flower has petals of deep purple veined with black and a bright yellow center.
this purple and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this trumpet shaped, deep violet flower resembles the outline of an angel, with two top wings and two lower ones making up the skirt, with a cheerful yellow center and two slightly fuchsia colored, large petals tucked under the original four petals, situated at the top of the trumpet.

this flower has one large, heart shaped petal with a long and bumpy pistil.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has a single petal that is red with white stripes.
the flower has a bright red petal with a green pedicel and a white pollen tube
the flower has a round red petal that is large and a long stigma.
the waxy, red petal is in a heart shape and the stamen is thick and orange.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a thick white stamen and shiny, pointed red petal.
this flower has as red petal with a big white style
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.

the petals of this flower are pink and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has large purple petals that are a bright yellow at their base.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow center
the petals of this small-sized flower start out yellow toward the stamen, and then dramatically turn purple toward the outside of the flower.
a purple flowers has small yellow and white bottom and the pedicel are green
this flower has a hole at the center with 5 petals its a three color star shaped pattern, with colors yellow white and dark pink.
this flower has five purple petals with ruffled edges and a vivid yellow center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with a yellow center

a flower with pink petals and a white and yellow colored cylinder shaped stigma.
a pink lotus-like flower has strong green pedicel, large circular green leaves, and flower has yellow stigma and stamens.
this blossom has several pink petals which for a single layer surrounding the pistil which consists of only an ovary an stamen that lay flat on the petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker on the tips.
this is a flower that has many pink petals and bright yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are darker on the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
the flower has a large white pollen tube with yellow anther and pink petals as well as a long green pedicel.
this flower has a cup-like arrangement of oblong pink petals surrounding a wide green pistil.
the flower has yellow stamen and white pistil with purple petals.

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a central white blossom surrounded by large pointed red petals which are veined and leaflike.
this flower has petals that are red with a flowery stamen
the petals on this flower are orange with a small white flower as well.
this flower has three leaf shaped red petals that surround the long white tipped pistil.
this flower has very large bright red sepals with small white petals.
this flower has large and thin pale red petals with a white stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are red and has flowery stigma
this flower has petals that are red and has flowery stigma

this flower has yellow petals, yellow filament and anther, and yellow stigma.
this yellow flower has multi layers of petals with a large stigma at the base.
this bright yellow flower has many small, layered petals and lots of small, slightly deeper yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has small yellow petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
the petals of this flower are long and yellow and the pedicel is green
the flower consists of many rows of long needle like pedals with a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals.

this multi-head flower has long purple petals.
these purple flowers have long tubular petals that curve upwards.
this flower is long and upright in form with purple petals.
the petals of the flowers point upwards and are bright fuchsia in color and are on a wooden stalk.
this flower shown has very delicate purple petals with a purple pedicel
this flower has upright petals of lavender shaded to deeper purple.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
there are twisty pastel pink long oval petals that reach upwards with no visible stamen or pistil.
a flower with long, slender purple petals, darker near the base and green stems.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards

this flower has prominent green and purple stamen and pollen tube surrounded by two layers of thin purple and wide white petals.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has tapered white petals and tiny thin blue petals and a large three part stigma.
this complex flower has white petals, a purple pollen tube and purple and white filaments.
this flower is white, blue, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a wheel of white oblong petals underneath a layer of flat blue filaments with a purple pistil and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower is made up of long white petals under a row of lavender white and purple needle shaped petals.
this blue and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected as one.
this flower has triangle shaped white petals with a yellow center and short white stamen.
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
flat white petals revealing a white pistil that has a bright yellow surrounding it.
this flower has a long pedicel and a white petal with yellow just around the stigma.
this flower has a large white flat petal with a white ovary and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this is a white flower with one large petal with yellow towards its receptacle.
the flower has one large, five lobed, white petal which turn yellow in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with a single large petal.

this purple flower has florets with stamens spreading around the surface.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
many small flowers with light pink petals and yellow stamen bunched into a ball.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together
a large purple with small pedals and a green stem.
a flower with lots of small purple petals sitting side by side.
this flower is made up of hundred of shell shaped lavender petals that get pinker closer to the pistil.
this flower has a large number of very small light purple petals.

the flower shown has a prominent pistil as its main feature.
this flower has thick pink petals arranged along the stem in a tight chevron pattern.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has pinecone shaped red petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are red and folded in
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has red petals, a brown and green stem, and broad green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
the cluttered melon petals all go upward from the thick pedicel
this flower has many layers of small pink petals layered in a tall column configuration.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have a center that is detailed with yellow.
the flower has smooth white petals with a touch of yellow in spots
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are large and rounded,
this is a cream colored flower with few petals and brownish centers.
this flower has white petals with a lot of white stamen in the center of it
this is a white flower that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
a large group of white flowers with a yellow and purple center.
this flower has very smooth white petals with rounded edges and a mouth of purple and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
these flowers have butterfly shaped white pedals and yellow centers.

this flower has numerous overlapping layers of pink petals with ruffled edges.
this crimson colored flower has many delicately frilled petals that are tightly clustered.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this carnation has fluffy soft looking orange pedals.
the flower has red puffy petals with shades of white as well
a red and pink flower with a fluffy and puffy appearance.
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
the flower has pale pink petals that conceal the stamen.
this flower has light red petals that are folded over each other in a chaotic fashion.
this flower has mounded ruffles of pale pink petals with serrated edges.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
the pistil of this flower is a long, yellow cone that protrudes out of the center of a single white petal that makes a large upside down heart shape.
the petal is white and encompasses the long, yellow pistil.
a flower with a large yellow pistil and singular open white flower.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
this white flower has a heart shaped petal and a yellow orange pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a tall yellow pistil rising out of a smooth white funnel-shaped petal.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is golden yellow and tube like

four white fringed petals with red spots are arranged around a prominent stamen.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are striped.
the flower is white and has petals that are soft, smooth and enclosing stamens
this blossom has six white pedals one with reddish brown stripe marks, the stamen are quite long.
the flower has petals that are white with red anthers and white stigma.
this flower has large shape flowers with maroon spots with longer white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has red dots
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are thin and wrinkled.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have specks of red.
this flower has large white petals with dark red stripes leading to the center.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled over.
a yellow flower with ruffled petals and green and yellow pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower had petals that are yellow with ruffled edges
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a sepal that is green.
this flower is bright yellow in color, with thin wavy petals.
this is a yellow flower with droopy petals and dark spots in the center of the petal.
this flower has yellow petals that have small orange dots on them
this flower has bright yellow rounded petals that fold over each other and lighter sepals.
this flower has rounded yellow petals with and elongated pedicel.

this thorny flower has purple pointed petals, a bulbous ovary and a pointed pedicel.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
a tiny purple flower with a green receptacle and purple style.
the bloom on the prickly plant is pink in color and has long filaments.
this flower has thick round green heads which are spiked all over.
this flower has spiny, pink petals, and appears rough and sharp.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
these flowers are green, spiky, and bulb shaped with fuzzy purple texture near the top.
this flower has a disk formation of very many thin purple petals.

this is a pink flower with round petals.
these white-pink petals fully shroud the insides of these flowers.
the petals if the flowers are hot pink in color and fold inward and have green waxy leaves.
this flower has rounded purple-pink petals that look very smooth and soft.
heart shaped green leaves with irregular pink flowers that cover stamen and pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals that get darker pink towards the center.
the large dark pink petals of this flower conceal other parts of the flower's anatomy.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright pink.
this flower has round pink petals that are folded upwards

the flower has pinkish purple color on its petals with its filaments' tips in yellow color.
this flower has pink petals and long yellow stamen with red anthers on it
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and dark pink with yellow filaments.
this large flower has long yellow petals and a thick black center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright magenta petals standing up around a yellow center and yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has pink layered petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a small clump of thick yellow stamen surrounded by layers of slightly pointed petals that are pink and white in color.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
these flowers has yellow petal that's shaped like a heart.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in single layer forming disc like shape
a flower with short and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are satellite shapes
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are heart shaped and thin.
this flower has bright yellow petals with small, yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals, a yellow ovule and bright green broad leaves.

the purple flower has a receptacle and petals shaped like a funnel facing up
the flower has unopened buds and green sepals with pink petals and green leaves.
a flower with long green pedicel topped with large light purple flower petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled at the edges
this flower has upturned wide petals in shades of pale purple.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and is bell shaped
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and uneven along the edges.
this flower has a light green receptacle and large white petals.

these flowers have dark pink petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower consists of four irregular twisted red petals over a brown pedicel, and no noticeable pistil or stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and broken apart
a red flower with curved upright petals and a red pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and curled.
this flower has a straight red pedicel and upright red petals.
this flower has very smooth and slim purple petals which bend backwards.
this flower has large pink petals and a brown pedicel.
this pink flower has a pale pink edging around its rounded wavy petals and light brown stems with no visible leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded downwards

this flower has white petals that are thin and pointing up with a yellow pistil
this flower has multiple layers of white petals that stick upwards from the water.
this flower grows well in watered areas and appears to have yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
a large white flower with spiky pedals and a golden stigma.
this flower has long white petals that point upward, and contain a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
pointed white petals fan upwards towards the sky surrounding a yellow pistil as the flower skims the water.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.

this flower has broad orange pedals and long bright orange elongated filaments.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled along the edges.
the petals are bright orange and yellow towards the middle, and the stamen is yellow.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow patches
this flowers petals are dull orange and overlapping with white anthers.
this flower has wide, overlapping orange petals with ruffled edges and yellow centers.
this flower has red orange petals, with yellow-tinged center and a pale cream pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow patches
this flower has orange and yellow petals and prominent pistil and stamen.
this flower has white stamen and large rounded orange petals.

this flower has petals in the shape of a circle and are purple and stringy
this flower has violet petals with light green stamen and bell-shaped anthers.
the flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth, thick and separately arranged around the stamen forming a bowl like shape
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is very unique as it has different kinds of petals and three branches of stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
this flower has a ghostly lavender petals surrounding curly green stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has elongate green and purple petals below a ring of purple and white needle like petals.

large ivory petals with yellow stamen and dark green pedicels.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading
the petals of this flower are white with no visible stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has a ring of broad white petals facing outwards and an inner ring of white petals oriented vertically around the stamen.
this flower has white petals that has yellow shading in the center
this white flower has five large horizontal petals and three vertical petals in the center.
an outer row of large, round white petals with an inner row of small, pointed, white petals that have a yellow stripe down the center.

this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by several layers of pointed, upturned petals.
this flower has many pointed, creamy yellow flowers surrounding a group of stamen with dark yellow anthers.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow anthers in the center.
lots of dense petals that have a buttery yellow complexion and are pointed up to the sky.
the flower has creamy yellow, spiky petals surrounding gold colored anthers.
this flower has light yellow petals, deep yellow anther filaments and leathery green leaves.
this flower has thick yellow filaments surrounded by light yellow petals.
this flower has layers of upturned yellow petals which have spiked tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

sepals are green in color,petals are white and purple spoted in color
the flower shown has white petals with purple spots, and a spotted pollen tube.
what ii like about this flower is its spotted dalmatian like petals.
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
the petals of the flower are white with purple dots and green buds.
this flower has white petals with brown spots on them.
this flower has long thick white petals with dark purple spots.
this flower opens in a trumpet shape with white petals spotted with purple that curl outward.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

this flower has a cluster of small, purple blooms.
this flower has bright pink pointed petal and green pedicel and receptacle.
the pinkish purple petals stick up in a messy array with green sepals below.
the leaves are broad and green and the medium sized flower petals are light pink in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has large and pointed green sepals with thin spiky pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled up and oddly shaped.
this flower has small bright pink petals that extend out of cone-shaped sepals.
this flower has long, pink petals and a large, light green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are white with purple and white stamen
outer petals are white in colr,ine peals are purple
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
the flower shown has purple sepal and blue white and purple petals
this flower has a white petal with a purple pedicel
this flower ha smooth white petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
the petals are white colored and the anther are bright orange.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has light green elongated petals under long needle like petals that are lavender white and purple.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a long and thin white petal, brown stamen, and white colored anthers on the tip
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by overlapping layers of long white petals.
brown center surrounded with pale pink and cream flat, but rounded petals.
the lower petals are whit colored with larger anthers
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and brown stamen
the beautiful white flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape around a bunch of brown stamens
this flower is circular in shape in a very pale shade of pink with a dark brown center, and several layers of thin and rounded petals.
this flower has a dense amount of medium sized white petals and yellow stamens.

the white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in single layer forming disc like shape
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white petals and a center that is yellow in color
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has five smooth oblong petals that are white with yellow at the base.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five large white petals with a yellow center.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the leaves on these flowers are a deep green. the petals are pink. the anther, filament, and style are also pink.
this flower has big round fuchsia petals with fuchsia stamen surrounded by green leaves.
this is a flower with pink petals and pink anthers.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen
this flower has long and round-tipped pink petals with thin pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has purple stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has floppy outward pointing purple petals with long purple stamen and dark purple anther filament.
this flower has long pink filaments with purple anthers and large pink petals.

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with red steman
this flower has a red, spikey center with orange dots, and surrounded by long, thin light purple petals.
the flower has thin purple petals surround the red stamen in the middle
the flower has multiple purple petals that are long, thin and oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pistil is red
this light purple flower has numerous slim, sparse petals that surround a round pistil of a dark red color.
this flower is pink and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has long, skinny purple petals with a red and black spherical pistil.

a flower with a folded in pink and purple petal with red connective pedicel
what stands out the most of this flower is that resembles a pink flamingo in its shape and shade.
this flower has petals that are pink wiht purple patches
the flower is light pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged and supported by pedicel
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink near the bottom.
this is a white flower that turns dark purple toward the receptacle.
the petals of this flower are white and it has a dark pink tip
this flower has smooth white petals in a tight upright position with bright pink at their base.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with purple edges and dots
the flower has a star shaped arrangement of petals that are white with purple spots and purple hair-like stamen.
the flower has thin white petals with purple tips at the end.
the petals on this flower are purple with white and purple dots.
this flower has sparsely positioned white petals with purple tips and spots.
the petals of this flower are purple and white and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white and has purple tips and dots
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
the flower has thin, long petals that are white and purple with spots of darker purple and unique ovule.

this flower has a large purple petal with a white colored anther
this purple flower has 5 petals and clearly visable veins in the petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are purple with veins.
two flowers with purple petals and lavender anther filaments and pistils.
the flower has pointed purple petals that are a deep violet color.
this purple flower has pointed petals and pink stamen with pale purple anthers.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has dark purple petals with light purple anther filaments and stamen.
this flower has a star like configuration with bright purple petals and thin purple filaments.

the flower has many yellow petals surround the red stamen
the flower shown has thin yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped ad skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stamen
the brightly colored flower features many overlapping yellow petals.
this flower has layers of long yellow petals with rounded tips.
this flower has yellow petals, with reddish stamen in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright yellow.

this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this small blossom has conjoined yellow petals which bell and angle slightly downward.
this flower has yellow petals with a long green pedicel.
this flower has many blooms of intensely bright yellow.
petals are rounded in shape,they are yellow in color
this flower has yellow petals, with green stamen in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very small
the vibrant yellow petals of the flower are extremely curved, and the stamen is a dull white color.
this flower has small yellow petals that have a smooth texture and rounded edges.

this flower has sepals or leaves that have turned a bright pink and on top of that it has a head full of a lot of bright pink oddly shaped petals.
this flower has the dark pink colored petals with the prominent pink pollen tube arranged clumsy
the pink petals were the same color as the sepal.
this flower has thick maroon petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has many bright pink petals that are long and rough edged.
this flower has many pink/red petals with pink, red and green sepals.
super hot pink petals with on top sharp leaf like pink and green leaves closer to the stem
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled up and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together

this is a yellow flower with ten petals, and a purple, yellow, and brown bulls eye center.
pale yellow petals shaped like ovals lay flat beneath purple colored stamen.
this is a strange flower with a wild inner core of purple black and yellow leaves and designs.
this flower is white, blue and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a bottom layer of pointed white petals and a top layer of very thin indigo petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has purple stamen
this flower has purple, white, dark purple petals, light green pistil.
this flower has long thick petals under a round layer of purple and white quills and thick stamen.
the flower has white oval thin petals and yellow stamen.
a multiple layered flower with flat white petals at the bottom, long thin purple ones in the middle and orange tipped stamen at the top.

this flower is very bold with deep magenta petals.
the pollen tube and the petals of this flower are pink
five hot pink, rounded petals surrounding a long, pink and orange pistal.
this flower has a long pistol, with five pink colored petals.
this flower has pink petals with a pink stamen that also has a yellow anther with a hint of pink at the tip of it.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pistil is yellow
this flower has a prominent pink pistil with yellow stigma surrounded by five rounded pink petals.
this flower has large pink-purple petals and a stamen with a red filament and yellow anthers.
this flower has large pink petals, a long pink style, small yellow stamens, and a red stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma

this flower has a broad pink and white petal with a protruding, thick white and pink pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with white style
this flower is pink and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a single light pink petal with white stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the petal is flat and pink and the stamen is tall, thick, and white.
flower with very long green pedicel, wide flat heart-shaped horizontal petal, at center a very long white pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long white style
this flower has a large flat pink petal and a wide, upright white pistil.

this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are spotted in the center.
this flower is shaped like a trumpet and is nearly true blue and it has spots in the throat and the opening is star shaped.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
this flower has green pistil and bright blue tube shaped petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are purple with green styles
the flower is dark blue with petals fused at sepal and gradually forming a tube for some length and suddenly flaring out forming a star like shape
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green shading
this long blue flower has petals that turn out on top and has large green stamen in the center.
this flower has a blue horn shaped petals with green and black spots inside.

a flower with purple petals with no visible pistils or anther filaments.
this flower has bright purple petals and green sepal as its main features
the pedals of this flower are magenta with a short stigma
this purple flower has curled purple petals and a white stigma, and green sepals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled back on the edges.
the petals look like purplae satin from how smooth and glossy they appear when bent over each other trying to hide the center of the flower.
a purple flowers with green sepal and leaves
this particular flower has petals that are purple and white
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded dowards

this white cornet shaped flower has a bright yellow center.
the flower has one petal that enclose the yellow stamens.
this flower has several white petals that all form together to make a pentagon shape around the yellow pistil.
this small simple flower features delicate white overlapping petals surrounding a small yellow ovary.
the flower has a flat white petal with yellow anther in the center
this flower has round white petals with yellow in the middle
a flower with a connected petals that are white.
this flower has a connected white petal that has yellow tips neer the pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with one large petal.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are curved upward.
the petals on this flower are tiny and bright pink with yellow and purple stamen
the flower is made of hot pink petals with a yellow center.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has a single row of long, bright pink petals surrounding a bright yellow, brown tipped pistil.
this flower has long light purple petals with yellowish-black stamen.
this beautiful flower has pink petals with yellow and brown in the inside
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by smooth upward-facing lilac colored petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
pointed purple petals surround a bright yellow style, with brown stamens rising slightly above.

this bright red and horn-shaped flower has delicate petals and a few stamens.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
this flower has the red color five overlapping petals with the stamens at the center
the flower is red in color with larger anthers that atre red
this flower has petals that are red with a long stigma
the flower has bright red pedals with small white highlights and a red stamen.
this flower opens up with petals that are red and orange with long red stamen.
this flower has a large funnel-type of formation with bright red smooth petals that fold over gently.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has green pistil and smooth purple petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen and purple center
this flower has white and pink petals with a dark purple center and yellow and green pistil.
this flower is pink, white, and red in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has a dark pink ovary with five orange stamen surrounded by a cup formation of light pink petals.
the pink flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged spirally around the stamen forming bowl like shape
this flower has petals that are pink and has red at the center
the pink petals are white and ruffled at the edges and surround stamen with orange anther.

this is a purple flower with long purple anthers on it.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a large flower with purple petals and white stigma.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in single disc layer below the layer of blue curly stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy purple stamen
it has very frilly leaves!

the flower has a single petal with a large red stigma at the base.
this light-pink petal has a red, erect pistil and shades of green along the upper-petal ends.
this beauty has reddish green petals that are shaped like a leaf with a long pointy red stamen.
the flower shown has red and white petals as well as a red pollen tube
this flower starts off with at the center of it petal and turns red at its tip.
this is a light pink flower with one large petal and a long and thin pink pistol.
the heart-shaped petals of this flower are it's most notable feature, while the stigma protrudes above it.
this flower has large pink petals and a long pink pistil.
this flower has red petals with green shading on the side
this flower consists of one large, heart-shaped red leaf that is green near the top, tapers into a narrow protruding point at the bottom, and has a prominent red pistol.

this flower has petals that are pink with patch of purple
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are dark at the bottom.
this flower has petals that are pale pink and uprising with a dark pink center.
the wavy pink petals are dark pink to purple near the center and create a tunnel.
soul-like, light whitish-violet petals with dark purple accented bottoms.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is small with long light purple petals that are dark purple at the base.
this flower has long white petals with a dark purple center with brown pedicel.
this flower contain four twisted, slightly pink and elongated petals that are bright mauve at their base.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow steman
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has protruding stamen surrounded by several ruffled white petals with yellow and pink accents.
the pink petals on this flower look like they bloom one on top of the other.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has white petals with pink trimming that are layered on a green vine.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and pink along the edges.
this flower has many petals that are white shading to yellow and pink on the edges.
the flower has yellow and pink petals that have a slightly ruffled edge.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading

the flower has five petals that are orange reddish with red filaments.
this is a red flower with a long and prominent pollen tube in the middle.
this flower has wide rounded red petals and a protruding red pollen tube with yellow stigma.
this flower has a large red petal and a long yellow colored stamen
five very large almost blood red petals surround the stamen which juts out of the plant like a tongue with yellow and red dots on it.
this flower has red petals with smooth round edges and long stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has a prominent pistil in the middle of five rounded pink petals with a wrinkled texture.
the wrinkled, red petals surround a long filament with golden colored anther.
this flower has petals that are red ans has a yellow style

this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
flower has petals that are are shaped lavender with white stamen.
the flowers have large purple petals that are star shaped.
the blue flower is star shaped and has petal that is soft and has stamens in the centre
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
five purple petals are arranged around a small style with five white stamen.
this flower has 5 indigo petals that form a star shape with indigo stamen at it's center.
this purple flower is in the shape of a five pointed star, with prominent veining, and white stamen.

the pretty flower has white petals with pink at their center.
the petals of the flowers are a variation of pink and hot pink with five petals.
this small flower has a dark purple center with light pink petals shaped like a rounded triangle.
the flower shown has white and purple petals and is fairly small
the flower has light pink heart-shaped petals that are bright pink in the middle of the flower.
this flower has small pink petals that turn dark pink towards the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
these soft pink flowers are in tightly packed clusters and turn to a darker shade of pink towards the center of 5 petals and show no visible pistil or stamen.
this flower is made up of five pink petals that turn magenta closer to the stamen.
this flower has small pink petals with darker pink at the base.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are yellow in color
this flower has bright yellow petals and no visible outer stigma on it
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
this flower has many smooth yellow petals that are wrapped around each other.
a yellow rose with interwoven yellow petals that form a tight wrap around it's center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bunched together

the petals are orangey red and the stamen is red.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the bell shaped red flower has petals that are separately arranged overlapping each other and enclosing stamens
this flower is red in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and have veins.
a group of red cup shaped flower with a bundle stigmas.
these flowers have orange petals that are attached to green sepals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a small green sepal and bright read petals with red stamen and black anthers.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has alternating petals with yellow base and orange patches in the middle with orange anther
large flat petals with splotchy orange centers, and yellow around the edges.
this flower has very large vibrant, rounded petals, in the colors of red, orange, and yellow.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has large brightly colored petals that are yellow with irregular orange spots and coloring.
this yellow and orange flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and spotted.
this flower has big almost tie-die light yellow and orange petals and a green pedicel.

brownish green pedicel; broad, drooping petals of dark purple coloring with pink polka dots that appear to be enclosing the rest of the flower.
deep dark purlple large petals with pink dots all over and a greenish brown pedicel.
this flower is pink and black in color, and has petals that are curved down.
this inverted flower has a spotted purple petal and a long fuzzy pedicle at the base.
these large flowers have hanging blossoms composed of long, slightly pointed petals in various shades of purple mottling.
this flower has a green and purple pedicel and dark purple petals with lighter pink spots.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pinks dots
a flower that is limping with purple pedals and is in a bell shape.
these bell shaped flowers have purple petals with pink spots.

a yellow flower that has petals that are tubular near the sepal and separated gradually towards their tip
this bright flower is yellow both on it's petal and stamen.
this flower has cloudy-yellow petals and a similar colored yellow stamen.
this flower features large droopy pale yellow petals surrounding a clump of long yellow red tipped stamens.
the flower shown has a yellow petal with yellow anther and filament
this flower has five very large, rounded yellow petals and a thick yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has long stamen
a flower with long and wide petal that is yellow.
this flower has large yellow petals with a ribbed texture and rounded corners.

the flower has lots of tiny yellow petals surround yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has many thin yellow petals along with a ovule full of small yellow stamen
this sun-shaped, golden flower has many layers of straight, thin petals coming from the large, circular center.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a large number of very narrow yellow petals and a large group of pistils surrounded by many small stamen.
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a round yellow center and very thin, fringe-like yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.

narrow and crooked white and pink petals revealing a white, pink and purple pistil.
the flower has a lot of pink colored slender petals wit the stigma in purple color.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled at the ends.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
these flowers have thin, pointy pink petals and dark purple anthers
the petals on this flower are mostly light pink in color and the inner stamen is the color purple.
this flower has skinny light purple petals with dark purple stamen.
this flower has thin, pink petals with the stamen coming out from the center.

the flower has petals that are yellow with red spots and yellow stamen.
the flower shown has red and orange petals which are its main feature
the flower has six large pale red petals covered with dark red spots, and has with 3 yellow pistils in the center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are spotted.
a spotted orange and red petal flower with long yellow filament.
the flat petals are orange with dark red spots and the anther are long and orange.
this flower has pink petals with dark red spots and yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals and red dots all around them
this yellow and dark red flower has spotted and rounded petals and yellow orange and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots

the bunch of rounded white petals make it hard to see the pedical.
delicate white flower, soft to the touch and inviting.
the flower shown has white petals with patches of yellow inside
this flower is white in color with green ovules and orange near the center.
this white flower has yellow and orange outline at the bottom of petals.
a gauzy, white flower with five petals and a vivid, starburst yellow and orange center.
petals are orange and yellow in color closest to the center of the flower yet bright white at their widest points.
this flower has white rounded petals with uneven edges and a short yellow pistil.
this white orange and green flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has an orange center

bright yellow flower with bell shaped pedals that are in layers
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded inwards
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has large, yellow petals which both droop down and remain upright.
yellow flower has six petals, three of which are folded in and the others are bent downward.
this flower has wide yellow petals with slightly rounded edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
a flower with bright yellow petals and a green stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded upwards in the center

many white layered pointed petals that have an underside with black veins showing and a green sepal.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has petals that are light blue and white.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has a lot of white petals, and very long green stigmas
a cream white pedaled flower with a light purple base.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals tat are pointy on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has green shading
many layers of white pointed petals with white tips and details with prominent green stamen and a spiky green pedicel.
this flower has thick and upturned blue and white veined petals with tapered tips.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and in a bell shape
the flower shown has red and orange pistil with an orange colored petal
the flowers are trumpet shaped and are orange in color with green leaves.
trumpet shaped pink flowers clustered about and surrounded by green leaves.
this flower has a trumpet shape of orange with rounded mouths.
an orange and red group of bell shaped flowers attached to stems.
this horn shaped flower has orange and yellow petals with a darker orange stamen.
the petals of this flower are orange and the pedicel is short and green
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.

the five petals are rounded, the flower is a pale butter yellow, and the leaves are green.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wilted and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow and black stamen
the flower is light yellow and starting a wide tube near the sepal and suddenly flaring out the petals forming a disc like shape
this flower has five large ruffled petals surround green stamen and yellow stigma.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant yellow color, and the stamens are of various colors, such as orange and black.
this flower has light yellow petals with smooth edges and a slightly wrinkled texture.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pale yellow.

the bowl shaped pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around the stamen bunch
the flower has petals that are dark pink with a white spot in the center of the petal, and white stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots and patches of yellow
a pink flower with red spots on the rounded petals and yellow anther on top.
this flower has a green center that harbors yellowing pollen, with petals that change from green-yellow to magenta, with red freckles closest to the center.
the flower has green stamen and five pink petals with tiny dark spots on them.
the petals have a gradient of light magenta to soft pink with pale yellow center and pink dots which surrounds numerous yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
this flower has large pink petals with darker pink dots on them.

this flower has yellow petals and yellow stamens that matches the petals.
a flower with yellow petals accompanied by yellow pistils.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the stamens of the flower are thing and form a distinctive star shape, and is a vibrant yellow color.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin
there are four triangled shaped yellow petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has small yellow petals and small yellow stamens.

the petals are light red with tints of pink, while the stamen is dark red.
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has red petals with a red pistil and a green stem.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the flower has a red petals with many stamen around the pollen tube
this flower has very small, rounded petals in a shade of pale red.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded.

the petals on this flower are very symmetrical and pink in color.
this unique flower is covered in light pink petals and it has a green stem.
this soft pink flower has different sized petals with the smaller ones on the bottom.
this folded up pink flower has short pointed waxy petals and a green stem.
the soft pink petals of the flower are encompassed by pale green sepals that blend to a deep dark pink on the tips.
this flower has light colored sepals and pink petals that are overlapping.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has orange petals with green pedicel as its main features
pedicel is green in color,petals are light oprange in color
this flower has petals that are orange with man purple stamen.
this flower is peach in color, with petals that are wavy and thin
this flower has petals that are red with green stigma
a flower which has bright orange petals, purplish filaments, and a green with yellow stripes stigma.
this flower has a green pollen tube and purple stamen, a purple ovule and orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow style
this flower has several orange petals surrounding a green pistil and stamen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a purple stamen.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the flower is rounded with white colored one large petal with the inner part sppoted yellow in color
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to one another.
this trumpet shaped white flower has conjoined soft petals which bell slightly outwards.
the flower has a circular smooth white petal with white stamen
this white flower is a flat circle with a yellow circle in the center and white stamen.
the petals of the flower are white in color with a yellow center and green leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with one large rounded petal.
this flower has a wide, rounded trumpet shape with a small yellow center.
this flower has round white petals with yellow in the center

pedicel is green in color,flower etals is red in color
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has a thick dark pink petal that wraps around one large light brown pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with long style
this flower has a large pistil, the textured petal is pink.
this flower has pink petals with a big yellow style on it
this flower has one large fuchsia petal and a green pedicel.
this flower has a single bright pink petal that is slightly ridged and a large neutral colored stamen that protrudes from the flower.
this flower has a long tubular stigma with a rounded pink pistil.

a light blue flower with multiple small petals
this flower has multiple light purple petals that are larger on the outside than they are in the center.
the flower has a green pedicel with purple pedals and a purple stigma.
this flower has pale violet blossoms surrounding very thin violet colored petals.
this flower is lavender in color, and has petals that are rounded on the ends.
this flower has an irregular ring-like formation of wavy light blue petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
this flower features an outer layer of larger purple petals and a center of small thing petals.
this flower has clusters of lavender petals forming a ball shape.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this flower has five petals in back, and five white petals with pink centers, in front.
a strange looking flower with pinkish red petals and no anther filaments or pistils visible.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and multi colored.
large pink leaf like petals under pink to white round petals.
the flower has five petals on the center that are close together, and five petals that are long.
this flower has a combination of pink petals and wide, white petals coming from a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has five long pink petals with a center circle of white and pink petals.
the flower has round and oval petals that are pink and white.
this flower has bright pink sepals in a star-like shape and smaller white petals with pink spots on them.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by long red petals.
the flower has bright red petals that are elongated and oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and red with yellow anthers.
a flower with medium-sized red petals and clustered orange and crimson stamen.
this flower has a couple of layers of red oblong petals in a ring formation.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
the petals are red and are slightly curled on the edges and surround a cluster of yellow and brown stamens.
this flower has a darker center and layers of bright red petals.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
this is a wierd looking white flower that has a large petal and a yellow ovule
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has a small orange pollen tube and a large circular white petal.
this flower has a thick white pistil surrounded by a thick white petal which is shiny and has one sharply pointed tip.
the single white petal is curled into a shallow vase shape around a thick golden colored stamen.
this flower is one large white petal that has a large yellow stamen in the center.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has one large, white petal that grows in a cone shape around a yellowish orange pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style

this flower has light pick petals that sparsely surround yellow tipped white stamen.
this flower has a long stem and smaller flowers branch off of it; the smaller flowers are dainty and light pink.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are white and stamen that are white.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has sparse white petals arranged on a thin green stem with deep pink sepals.
the thin horizontal branch has white blossoms with long thin petals surrounding long white filaments.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
this flower has petals that are white and have a red stamen
this flower has reddish stems holding small pale pink petals.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
the flower has star shaped petal that is fused, white, smooth and enclose stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with green pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a large petal that has a funnel-like shape, white coloring, uneven edges, and green veins.
a star shaped white flower with a deep center and green lines.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has a wide white trumpet shape with ruffled edges.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower features white yellow tipped stamens surrounded by layers of delicate red and white petals.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
the red and white petals of this flower are round and bulbous, surrounding a bright yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is red, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are red and the pistils are yellow
the flower has wavy round pink petals with yellow stamen.

this bright yellow colored sunflower with the multi-pistils arranged at the center has the petals arranged in the circle shape
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by long yellow petals.
this flower has a long and pointy yellow petal, and a center that is full of brown anthers
the flower shown has petals which are small and yellow with brown stamen
this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this yellow and orange flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower is made up of a single row of yellow orangish petals surrounding the brown stamen,
this flower has long yellow petals and a very wide pistil area.

flowers with orange red petals are clumped in an inflorescence with white anthers at the center.
a cluster of orange flowers that have berry in the center
this beauty has orange petals with pointy tan colored stamen in the middle.
there are several clusters of orange flowers around reddish seeds.
clusters of burnt orange petals with yellow fringes surround a central pedicel.
these flowers have petals which are deep orange in the middle and yellow on the edges.
the flower has round soft petals that are bright orange.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has small, rounded petals which are orange and have red accents.
this flower has petals that are shaded from bright yellow to bright orange and red.

this flower has a large brown center surrounded by numerous yellow petals which are long and pointed.
many long pointed yellow petals surrounding a dark brown center with a long green stem.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are curved backward.
this interesting flower has long thick yellow petals and a dark brown center.
this yellow flower has one row of petals and multiple dark brown anthers in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and skinny.
dark brown stigma with thin yellow petals with green thin pedicel
this flower has long golden yellow petals and a long green pedicel
this flower has a round brown center and tapered long yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

this is a yellowish orange flower with the same colored pistils.
the flower has larger petals that are yellow in color with many yellow stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this is a small flower it has bright yellow petals, yellow anthers, and a lighter yellow stigma
this flower has yellow petals that form a circle and has stringy stamen
this bloom contains four rounded yellow petals and short tangled stamen centered around a black pistil.
this bright, yellow flower has four large petals and a large cluster of stamen in the center.

this flower has bright pink overlapping petals with a pink pollen tube and red stigma.
the petal are purple, the pollen tube is pink, the anther filament is pink, and the stem is green.
this flower has petals that are pink with big yellow stigma
light pink pollen tube included in t he dark pink and yellow pistil surrounded by large pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has a large prominent pistil and large light pink petals.
this flower has large pink petals, a long pink style, yellow stamens, and pink stigma.
this flower has large pink leaves, a dark pink pistil and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow and white patches with black lines
the petals of this flower are purple, white and yellow.
this flower has two purple petals and three white petals.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are striped and yellow near the center.
this flower has two very bright blue petals and three white petals with yellow and purple markings.
this flower has five smooth and rounded white petals with purple and yellow accents.
this flower has petals that are purple, white and has black lines
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has four white petals with black lines and some yellow and two purple petals on top.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a lot of petals with white and purple and a green stem
this flower has petals that are white with flower stigma
this is a unique white and purple flowee, the petals are white and the stamen is purple
the flower has white thin petals with purple and white stamen.
a white flower with flat white petals and purple pistil at it's center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.
this flower has long, white petals and purple stamen with small flowering anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has a flowery stigma

a flower with rounded pink petals and large thin pink stamen.
this flower has pale pink petals and very long pink stamen.
the flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower is clustered with others and has pink and red pedals which do not overlap.
this flower is pink in color, with wrinkled and wavy petals.
this flower has pink petals that s have red dots on them
the petals of this flower are pink and the stamen are the same shade of pink.
this flower has five round red petals whose edges are slightly ruffled.
the pale pink flower has five petals with slightly wrinkled textures and long, thin stamen in the center.

this small flower has four yellow petals with rounded edges.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this is a flower with many bright yellow petals with a few brown spots on them.
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of red
this flower is yellow and white in color, with wavy rounded petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has four round petals on each blossom that are mostly yellow with irregular patches of red.
this flower has small thin rounded yellow petals with accents of bright red.

this pink trumpet shaped petal showcases bright magenta star shaped veins .
this trumpet shaped flower has ruffled edges and is lavender colored with veins of darker purple.
a flower with a large rounded purple, white, and lavender petal with central opening.
this flower is white and pinkin color, with petals that have small veins.
the flower has petals that are white with purple veins.
the petals are light pink and ruffled and have dark magenta veins radiating from the receptacle.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has smooth conjoined lilac colored petals with deep fuchsia veins.
this purple and white flower has wavy petals and dark green sepals.

the flower has orange, blue, green, and white pointed petals.
the petals on this flower are orange with a purple pistil
this flower has pointy orange and blue petals as its main feature
this flower is orangish and bluish with the petals looking like spikes facing upwards
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has spiky petals, some are bright orange and some are purple.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has orange and blue petals that are shaped like a bird head.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed and orange.
this flower has blue and orange petals that are sparsely placed, long and pointed, and oriented upwards.

the pink rose is blooming with a button in the center, and some petals wide open.
a multiple pedaled pink flower opening from the center to full bloom on a thorny stem.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and dark pink.
this pink flower has layers of curved petals on top of a brown pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and closely bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has bright pink petals that are wrapped tightly around the pistil.
this flower has many layers of smooth bright pink petals.
this flower has layers of large wide pink petals with curling edges.

the pink flower has many layers of petals that surround the inner parts.
large, soft pink petals curl back from the central, opening bud.
a pink flower with wide, smooth petals spiraling towards a closed center.
the flower shown has pink and white petals with a green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has pink petals in multiple layers sitting on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this pink flower, with hidden stamens and pistil, has layers of thin petals which curl outward at the edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has a spiral of pale pink petals whose edges are slightly rounded.

a red flower with the tips of petals and central region in yellow, and also it has petals arranged around the stamen that are clustered in disc shape
a flower with yellow tipped pink petals, green pedicel, and red stamen.
this is a red and yellow flower. the center is red and this tips are yellow.
red and yellow anther are surrounded by red and yellow petals
this large red flower has long petals with bright yellow tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this red and yellow flower has pointed petals and a red and green pedicel.
this flower has a tightly arranged layer of small oblong petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has small thin red petals with yellow tips, a red and yellow stamen , and a thin greenish brown peticel.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the flower shown has purple petals which rest on green sepal
the flower has alternating petals that are light pink in color with green sepals
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and folded in
a velvet and white flower with a green stem attached.
this flower has a cone shape to it with purple petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower has light pink petals that are layered tightly.

these flowers have bright red petals and small white details at the center.
bright red petals, stamen has white filament and anthers.
the flower has sparse red petals that are round shaped.
these red flowers has small red leaves with green leaves on them
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower has short white stamen surrounded by rounded bright red petals.
the flower has frail red petals in triplet formations, covering the stamen, with loose red buds.
three red petals with light green center growing in a bunch.
the petals are red and are drooping and the anthers are yellow.

this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by several layers of slightly tapered orange petals.
the flower has a light green pedicel with bright orange pedals.
the flower has long orange petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has medium size bright orange pointed petals with a collection of yellow stamen in the center.
the beautiful flower has dark orange petals that are soft, smooth and has yellow stamen sticking out from the centre
this flower has simple rows of orange petals, and has yellow - orange anther stamen and filaments.
a flower with orange petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has orange petals that have many small yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are white wiht purple stamen
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with pointed white petals and purple anthers.
this flower has green pistil and purple and white petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
a pinwheel outer shape flower with a blue and a white pedals.
the flower has several white petals under a ring of spiky blue, and white ones, it also has an odd shaped green, and brown pistil.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has blue stamen
this flower has many small stem like petals that form a circle around the head in a brilliant white and purple array.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has bright yellow petals with white tips
this flower has yellow petals with white tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
the flower has two layers and both are yellow in color.
this flower is bright yellow with a dot of white at the tip of each petal.
this yellow flower has outside petals and one large inside petal, and the pistil is yellow
a yellow flower with a bell shape look with a flat base.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi shaped.

the flower shown has bright orange petals as its main feature
this flower is trumpet shaped with red petals and a pink sepal.
this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this trumpet shaped flower is bright orange with long yellow stamens in the center.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has large light red petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has petals that are red and are bell shaped

this flower is composed of numerous thin, ruffled orchid petals. the large, rounded center is the same shade as the petals, covered in tiny stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower has multiple layers of small rounded purple petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
a flower with clusters of small pink petals resting atop a green pedicel
this flower has small clustered lavender petals attached to a green pedicel.
the small purple petals on this flower blend into the short purple stamen and small antenna.
this flower has lots of small petals that are very light purple in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together
a purple flower with one layer of purple petals around it's edge that are flat and another layer of petals that are small and ruffled at it's center.

this flower is green and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower has thin spiky petals that are green with white tips
this flower has long blue thin petals and long dark purple stamen with dark purple anthers on it
the flower shown has purple anthers as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are purple and has many long stigmas
the flower has pointy blue petals with a long thing green pedicel as well.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are blue and are very thin
the petals on this flower are thin and blue indigo color.
the flower has purple and white stamen with blue petals.

the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming a disc shape below yellow stamens
the petals of this flower are purple and white with a long stigma
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are purple and white with yellow stamen.
the flower has wrinkly purple petals and cream colored petals surrounding golden colored stamen.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
the flower has a long green pedicel with thin yellow filament and smooth purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has blue star-shaped sepals with smaller white petals that have blue spots at their base.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has long and thin petals and small brown anthers in the middle
the flowers have long yellow petals that are oval and thin.
this is a bright yellow/orange petal flower with dark orange almost brown seeds in the middle.
the flower is multilayered and is yellow in color and has a brown center.
this yellow flower has many densely layered pointed petals with green sepals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
these flowers are bright gold color, oblong and dense in several layers around a center dark circle which is surrounded by dark gold anthers.
this flower has an array of thin yellow, overlapping petals encircling a brown stamen and a darker brown stigma.

this flower has an elaborate golden stamen and two different types of purple petals.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals with blue and purple filaments and a yellow and green stigma.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this multi-purple flower has large petals ranging in 2 shades of purple with a stigma that is the color of light green and yellow.
the flower has white and pink petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this flower has wide purple and green petals surrounding green stamen and a purple hair-like fringe.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are short and stubby.
this lavender colored flower has multiple flowers at the top of the stem. the filaments and anthers are also a lavender color.
the flower is formed with small petals that have stamens in the center.
this large puffball shaped flower has purple petals in small clusters
a ball of smaller pink flowers with long, protruding, pink stamens
a pink flower with the pink anther, filament and green pedicel
the flower has several dozen individual trumpet shaped petals that form a purple puff ball shape.
this light purple flower has many small petals and has small darker purple stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has pink petals with a few bits of yellow on them

the flower is yellow and big with petals that are arranged in disc like formation around the stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is characterized by a prominent ovary surrounded by layers of yellow petals with a brownish stripe in the middle.
flower with milky yellow and brown oblong leaves tightly rounded together around a large pistil with numerous yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
this deep yellow flower has slightly pointed petals, with reddish brown stripes down the center of the petals.
this flower has wide and tapered yellow petals with long center stripes of dark red.
this flower has flat elongated oval petals of bright orange with a reddish stripe in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stripes
twelve yellow and red striped petals surrounding a yellow stigma and stamen.

the flower has dark green colored leaves with white green petals with a large hanging stigma
a flower with white petals and white anther filaments.
this flower has a white petal with a ridged edge and a group of anthers that are yellow
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are white with green veins.
this star-shaped flower has white petals and a yellow streak and white stamen.
the white, rather trumpet shaped blossoms are pale yellow and green at the center and surrounded by oblong leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has white petals that have green lines on them
this flower has a white funnel petals with green filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower is made up of a connected white petal surrounding the pistil.

petals are white in color,many stamne with anthers that are yellow in color
the petals of this flower are white with a large stigma
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of white petals with pointed tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
these flowers have white pointed petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has sharp yellow petals that point up with many yellow stamen that also point up in the center.
there are many yellow stamen surrounded by numerous narrow, white petals arranged in a cup-like formation, and rests on a broad ovular green leaf in water.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has long skinny white petals with yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
the petals on this flower are unique because they go downward and are yellow
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the flower has a few petals which are yellow in color .
this flower is bright yellow with a long green filament and yellow anthers.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines
a large pedaled dark colored flower with dark green leaves.
this yellow and brown flower has rounded petals and green sepals
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright yellow colored.

the flower has many petals that are dark yellow, with a red stripe, and yellow stamen.
this flower has large bright orange petals that have a large streak of dark red going down each petals center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
the gold and orange or auburn petals of this flower overlap and become darker as they converge at the broad yellow pistil.
the yellow anther in the center are surrounded by yellow and purple alternating petals.
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are striped down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
this flower has a double row of yellow maroon striped petals surrounding the yellow stamen.
this flower has brightly colored oblong petals that have red down the center and yellow at the edges.

this flower has yellow pistil and small red petals as its main features
this flower is a very deep red color with many elliptical shaped petals and a stamen with sharp looking pistils.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has layers of red petals, and a red center.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the bright red petals surround dark brown filament and orange anther.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
there are stamen forming a circle at it's center that are surrounded by floppy red petals.
the petals of the flower are a bright red color, and the stamens are a mixture of black and red.
two rows of bright red pedals surrounding a dark yellow stamen and dark stigma.

this flower has bright red petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
this small flower has several small red petals with round edges.
these flowers have red overlapping petals with a white pistil.
clusters of delicate velvety red blossoms form a head of blooms.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly red with bulb purple stamen.
this flower has small red petals and small white stamens.

this water lily has large white petals and yellow stamen in the center.
this white flower has long oval shaped petals and yellow stamen.
the white petal flower with yellow stamen floats on top of water.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has overlapping white petals that are long and thick.
a white flower with a bowl shape look and a large golden center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by layers of upturned white petals.
this white flower has many petals with prominent yellow color anthers
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

a flower with large flat yellow ribbed petals, yellow sepals, and green sepals.
this yellow flower with overlapping petals encloses the pistil and the stamen and bloomed upside down resembles the umbrella
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curved down ward.
the flower shown has a smooth yellow petal with brown pedicel
the flower shown has large yellow petals that are its main aspect.
this bright yellow flower has large petals with a yellow-green sepal.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and droopingdown.
this flower has custard yellow petals that cover a green pollen tube and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and overlap each other

the petals on this flower are white with pink lines.
this flower has overlapping petals which are white with pink lines and striations.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the petals are pure white with pink veins and some white styles.
this flower has petals that are white with pink lines and shading
this flower has thin white anther filaments and smooth leaf-shaped petals that are light green toward the center, mostly white, and fade into pink toward the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has white and pink detailed petals with a yellow stigma
this flower has white and red petals with long white stamen and green filament.
this flower is pink and white in color, with multi colored petals.

flowers are alternately shaped,they are light pink in color
this light pink and yellow flower has different shapes of petals and a few stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has pink and white petals and several purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with big stigma
some pink petals and a sepal appear in this flower photograph.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink around the edges.
this flower has tall light filaments with purple anthers surrounded by two layers of light pink petals with crinkled edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
the petals on this flower are mostly soft pink and white and purple is the color of the stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the color on the petals is pink in color and the anthers are seen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a large pink flower and a golden and white center.
this flower has rounded petals, yellow and white stamen,and waxy leaves.
this flower has pink petals that are rounded at the edges and yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of rounded pink petals and yellow stamen.

the flower has petals that are lavender with golden anther and green filaments.
this flower has light purple petals that form a cup, and just around the ovule the petals are a deep eggplant purple.
flower with light purple petals and a dark purple pistil.
a purple flower with large petals and a green stigma holding small stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this purple and white flower has rounded petals and green stamen with brown anthers.
the petals of this flower are light purple and the filament is brown.
this flower has light purple curved petals and a dark purple center with brown anther.
this flower has lavender petals that turn purple in the middle and that surround brown stamen around a green stigma.
this flower has purple petals that has green and yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
dark red petals and darker red middle dark green leaves
the flower has several small petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is composed of a cluster of mini coral flowers with rounded leaves.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has orange petals, and deep green leaves along with a deep green pedicel.
this flower has many bunches of red clam shaped petals surrounding a darker stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower is fully orange/red with many petals forming smaller flowers.
this flower has petals that are red and overlap each other

the flower is red with petals that are starting as tube near the sepal and separated at the top region
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the flower has deep pink petals that are cuped shaped.
this five round petaled red flower has a trumpet type base.
a large purple flower with large dark red flower petals and red stamen.
this flower has a trumpet-like shape and bright red petals.
this flower has five big petals and is fully red.
this flower has large red petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has five conjoined red petals which are very rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and is in a bell shape

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has petals that are white with a green pedicel.
this white flower has green veins with a trumpet shape.
the flower shown has white petals with a green sepal
this white flower is trumpet shaped with conjoined white petals which have ruffled edges.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has conjoined soft white petals with green veins and ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this particular flower has petals that are white and light green
this flower has a large white petal with crinkled edges and yellow veins.

this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this enormous sunflower has a dark brown center and pointed yellow petals.
this flower houses beautiful bright yellow petals and a dense, black core with numerous stamen.
a yellow flower with long yellow petals and a big brown ovary
the petals of the large flower are yellow with a large brown center made of the anthers.
a large yellow flower with layers of pointed petals, a large center area with many stamen.
a large yellow flower with many yellow petals surrounding a black large ovule.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has bright yellow petals arranged very close together in a ring.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.

the flower is made of white petals and a pistol that is yellow in color.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with purple and yellow spots
wide angel wing shapes stand out with these white petals outstretched holding onto a center of yellow and red dots around the staman.
spade shaped white petals with tiny yellow petals surrounding the white stigma.
this is a strange shaped flower with white and yellow petals, and a yellow style.
this flower has soft white petals with yellow and purple spotted centeres.
this flower has petals that are white and has patches of yellow
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
a large snowy white flower with a golden center with a green stem.
this flower has all white petals with a smooth texture and edges surrounding a short yellow pistil.

the yellow flower is bowl shaped that has petals surrounding bunch of stamen inside it
the flower has yellow petals surround the yellow anther and filament
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wrapped inward.
this round flower has bright yellow peddles and has yellow pistil.
numerous sunny yellow leaves folding inwards to reveal a light green and yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the flower has yellow stamen and soft round layers of yellow petals.
this flower has wide and very round yellow petals with smooth rounded edges.
a flower with long and wide petals that are a bright yellow and curled inwards.
this yellow flower has round petals that curve inward to form a sphere, and stamens surrounding tightly clustered center.

these bland, white petaled flowers have a yellow pistil and flower center.
there are a set of two round petals and three oval petals which overlap each other.
two white spade petals that have square yellow stigma.
this flower has round, elephant ear shaped white petals with little purple stamens
the flower shown has smooth white petals to go with yellow and purple anther
this flower has wide and very smooth white petals with yellow and purple mouth accents.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.
this flower has solid white leaves in a very interesting pattern, it has a nice contrast with it's bright yellow pistil.
this flower has white sepals with rounded white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has white petals that have a small yellow patch in the center

small purple petals in a few disc layers with a larger crown of lighter purple pistils.
this flower has white pistil with small purple petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower has a large number of small lavender petals and a large number slightly lighter lavender stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
the flower has several thin petals that are purple.
this flower has light purple petals, clustered tightly in the center with lighter purple petals.
this flower has very small petals that are light purple and many thin purple stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has small peach cup like petals with yellow stamen
this flower has several layers of light orange petals with yellow centers and slightly pointed tips.
this large peach colored flower has short pointed petals and yellow centers.
the flower shown has yellow colored petals as its main feature.
this flower has a mound of pale peach-colored petals with light yellow centers.
this flower is made up of many rows that start out peach and turn yellow closer to the pistil.
this flower is yellow and light pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has thickly layered rows of small oblong peach colored petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading

this flower head has multiple deep yellow to orange flower heads with light yellow stigma.
this flower has several yellow blossoms arranged along the stem, which have rounded orange petals.
the flower shown has yellow petals with white anther and filament
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are round.
five sets of flowes with yellow petals, flowers are attached to a green and purple buds
this flower has small and very rounded orange petals with delicate red veins and accents.
a cluster of flowers with four orange petals surrounding small stamen, all positioned near the top of a stem.
the petals are yellow, with right purple buds in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this flower has four small rounded petals that are yellow.

this flower has red and yellow petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
the petals of this flower are orange with red dots.
this flower has six orange yellow elongated petals that have bright orange spots all over.
a flower with long and narrow petal that is orange with spots.
six spotted red petals are symmetrically arranged around a yellow stamen.
a group of orange flowers with long stigmas in the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots

a red, heart-shaped petals with a deep orange receptacle
flower with bright red petals and a long yellow tipped stamen.
the bright pink petals have slight lines and veins on them and surround a lined, orangish-yellow center.
this is a red flower with yellow pollen tubes
this flower is vibrant red in color with five petals in total.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this reddish pink flower has a yellow stigma in the center.
this flower has bright red petals with notched ends, a white pistil, and a yellow ovary.
the five red petals of this flower are broad and surround a few loose yellow stamen.
this red petaled flower has five leaves and a center that is fire orange with yellow stamen.

pedicel is green in color,petals are red in color
flower has petals that are upright and red with green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with a dark patch
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has bright red orange connected petals with a dark brown center.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
a red v shaped flower with a green steam.
this flower has large upturned bright red petals with a black ovary and a smooth green stem.
this flower has petals that are red and is folded together
the flower is red and it's petals make a vase shape.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has small orange petals and anthers that are white
a flower with large red, orange, and yellow individual petals surrounding a cluster of white stamen.
this flower has rounded orange petals with the color graduating to yellow and lighter orange inside.
the orange and yellow petals surround the white anther on the flower
this flower has rounded orange petals with a smooth texture.
a group of golden and orange flowers with gray stigma.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
yellow flowers with a white stamen and filament and the leaves are green and thin
this flower has bright orange and yellow petals and white stamen.

this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the flower shown has sharp yellow and blue petals as features
this flower has petals that are yellow with thin stamen
this is a colorful flower with yellow and blue pointed petals.
a flower that is shaped like a bird with orange and purple petals and a light gray and red pistil.
this flower has bright orange upright petals with pointed tips.
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the petals of the flower are long and pointy, and consist of various colors, such as yellow, and blue.

this flower has nice yellow petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have stems that are green in color.
the flower has yellow petals that are oval shaped as well as orange.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this yellow orange flower has four rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this vivid yellow flower has four petals with yellow stamens lying flat against the petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has yellow and orange petals with yellow stamen.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are purple and closed together
a purple veined flower with curved petals and green sepal.
a green pedicel with some large purple petals which are closed and create a small opening.
sepals are green,pedicel is ggreen and the flower is purple in color
this flower has a green sepal and round blub-like purple petals.
purple flower with the petals closed and a green stem.
this is a purple flower thats petals have flexed upward with pointed tips.
this flower has purple petals that are closed together in a bulb
this flower has purple petals that are in a bulb shape.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are dark pink, with white center and pink stamen.
this bright pink flower has pink flowing rounded petals and whitish yellow stamen.
the flower shown has white pistil with bright pink petals
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow in the center
this pink flower has a white center and becomes dark pink on the edges.
this flower has disk shaped head with rounded edges, pink petals, and short yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with shades fo white
this flower has a deep pink petal with a slight yellow base on the bottom of the petal and a yellow stamen.
this flower has conjoined petals which are pale pink and softly ruffled.

this flower features layers of purple tinged white petals relaxing at the perimeter.
this pale yellow flower has many petals which are yellow in the center and almost white on the ends.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
large flower with many long pointed pink and yellow petals.
these flowers have many leaves and each flower is in shades of peach and yellow with layers of pointed petals growing smaller as it reaches the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has peach petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has small peach colored oblong petals arranged in different layers.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and white
this flower has large orange and yellow petals that curl upwards.

this flower has petals that are bright pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the ovary.
this is a large flower that has pink petals and a long pink pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this flower has blue pistil with dark pink petals as its main features
this flower has thin pink petals with brown tipped stamen in the center.
this flower has deep pink petals which have some white on them as well.
this flower has large deep pink petals in a trumpet formation around the pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stamen

petals are needle shaped and are yellow in color
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has a wide rounded mound of very thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has many bright yellow petals that are long and narrow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this is a yellow flower with long and thin petals.

petals are white in clor with many larger yellow sta,men
this flower has petals that are white with many yellow stamen.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming bowl like shape and also in different layers
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long and thick white petals and yellow stamens.
the petal of this flower are white, the pistil is yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen and upturned white petals with pointed tips.

the petals of this flower are white and orange with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with patches of red
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and also this unique flower has each petals supported by their corresponding pedicel
this flower is white and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
the flower shown has white petals with red markings and yellow pistil
this flower has five round, pale yellow petals which have bright red splash-like centers.
this flower has cream colored petals with an orange spot on each petal, and yellow stamen.
there are five round leaves which are mostly white, with jagged areas of red toward the center of the flower.
the 5 round, white petals on this plant have a small spot of red on the part of the petal nearest the stamen.
the five white petals of this flower are adorned with orange starbursts.

the flower shown has purple petals with purple anther and filament and a green pollen tube
this unique white flower has long thin purple petals and a strange green center.
this strange flower has light-pink and purple petals with a ridiculous set of green stamen and pistil.
the petals of the flower are light purple and the stamen is pale green.
lower fleshy pale pink petals with upper filament corolla and prominent stamen and stigma.
this flower has light and dark purple petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has flat elongated oval petals of a creamy lavender with central petals that are a spiky purple and large greenish stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
the pistal is very busy with lavendar petals at the bottom and many stamens and pollen tube
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.

the petals on this flower are purple in color with green pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are whit with stringy purple stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the tropical flowers are a mixture of colors such as purple, yellow, white, and pink.
leaves are green,petals are white in color
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals that have long and stringy purple stamen
light purple circle of a dozen sepals with long spindly purple pedals with a ring anthers and filaments.
this flower has tall stamen and pistils encircled by wavy purple filaments and oblong white petals.

this flower has green pedicel and pink petals as its main features
the flower is upside down and the petals are pink in color.
the petals on this flower are white with pink lines.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has football shaped pink striped petals with white stamen with long filaments and small anthers.
the star-shaped peach colored flowers looks to be in early stages of growth and the stem looks strong.
the stigma are a white color with a bit of yellow, the pink petals have streaks of white.
these soft pink flowers have six petals with a white stripe down the middle and salmon pink edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines

the flower has petals that are round like a cup and blue.
this flower has a large cluster of downward pointing tight ball like blue petals with white tips.
this flower has petals that are purple and closed together
a blueberry-like shaped flower with a bunch of individual flowers on a dull stem.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has blue petals that are closed together in a bulb
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower is covered with multiple blue bell petals stemming from a thick pedicel.
this flower has vertical layers of tiny bell-shaped blue flowers.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower has pinkish petals that are pointed with a faint white line down the middle.
this flower has a large red petal with white stamen in the middle
a flower with rounded flowing pink petals and few long thin white central stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
white and light pink pistil surrounded by large, smooth pink petals.
this flower has large overlapping pale red petals whose edges curl softly.
the petals on this flower are mostly red, and white is the color of the stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and curve
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen

a red flower with one continuous wavy petal that hides its stamen and stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and have several layers
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has thin red petals and a black stamen that is round.
this is a flower with compact red petals and a black stigma in the center of the flower.
the petals of the flower are red in color and are has a center that is brown in color.
this flower has a cup-like configuration of overlapping smooth red petals surrounding short black stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has black patches
the flower has round soft red petals and black and red stamen.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals are an orange hue with splashes of yellow.
orange flower with green leaves and droplets of dew on its petals and leaves
this flower has an orange, red and yellow tint with a yellow colored stem.
orange and red petals sit atop the green sepal and pedicel
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow center
this flower has sparsely arranged round orange petals with a ribbed texture and yellow stamen.
this orange and red flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has orange and yellow petals attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has five distinct orange petals with rounded edges.

this flower has plain white petals as well as some that have dark red stripes.
a flower with a long, white stigma and white petals speckled with red marks.
white petals with dark burgundy spots surround white, branching stamen.
zygomorphic white flower has burgundy nectar guides on the top two petals and prominent stigma and stamen.
the flowers of the plant are white with brown details and anthers that are white.
this flower has large white petals with red streaks heading to the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has red dots
this flower is white, yellow, and pink in color, and has petals that are striped.
this white and red flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower has bright orange, blue, pink, and green petals.
this flower is spiky with pointed orange petals and green pedicel.
this flower has a green angled pedicel with sharp upright orange and blue petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower is orange, blue, and green in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tip.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a bright green and red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has spiky orange petals and spiky blue petals lifting from a single green spiky stem.
this flower has bright orange petals that are oriented upright and with pointed tips.

five pale white papery petals surround a lighter yellow throat.
this flower has conjoined white petals with green veins, which are slightly ruffled with pointed edges resembling a star shape.
the flower peals are white in color with larger stamen that are white in color
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this white trumpet shaped flower has green veins running through it and a white pistil in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
a white star shaped flower with green markings and gray stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
the flower has a white anther in the center of the flower along with smooth white petals with green towards the center.
this flower has a white petal with uneven edges, yellow veins, and a funnel shape.

this flower has a large amount bright yellow tube shaped petals that give the flower a ball like appearance.
this flower has bright yellow petals shaped like a ball
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has small yellow petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow and very ruffled together
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny, ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has a tight configuration of crinkled yellow petals forming a ball-like shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
a flower with short and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this flower has dark green pistil and small blue petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
this is a low growing flower that has three layers of light blue petals that curl to a point at the end and has green stems growing out of the middle reminiscent of medusa's snakes.
the flower has light blue petals with large green stamen and pistil.
the center filaments are in the shape of long green windy tendrils and the petals below are a lighter blue shade.
a flower with clove shaped blue petals that fold outward.
a flower with bright blue slightly pointed petals, dark green stamen, and a dark green curly pistil.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
a flower with purple petals and long green stamen.

this flower has skinny pink petals that come out of the top of the flower.
a flower with no visible petals and lavender pistils in the center.
sepals are green,petals are needle shaped and green in color with purple stamens
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has a prickly looking sepal and a puff of fuzzy looking pinkish purple petals.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are attached to a spiky fruit.
this flower has petals that are green and has pink stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a thick green bulb from which protrude a cluster of thin purple hairs.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small yellow petals with a lot of yellow anthers in the center
a flower with a lot of yellow orange petals and yellow anthers.
a flower with orange petals and orange anther filaments in the center.
the flower here has yellow petals surrounding the yellow stamen in the center
the flower is yellow with alot of petals and seems to have a fuzzy center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has yellow with many layers and has small stamen
this flower has very many bright yellow petals arranged in multiple rows.
this flower has many layers of goldenrod petals with rounded tips.

a very bright orange pedal with white middle and green leaves and red tips
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed.
these petals are orange in color and are narrow and overlap each other.
this flower has petals that are shiny and orange with white stigma.
this flower has shiny petals that are reddish orange with pointy tips.
this flower has short rounded white stamen sitting atop of ascending layers of long, pointed orange petals.
the petals of the flower are long, and have a point to the end, and the flower seems to emulate a glossy texture to the petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has several layers
this flower has thick red petals and a white stigma.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.

the yellow flower's small, spiky petals surround its yellow filaments and pistils.
this flower has petals that are thin and pale yellow with golden stamen.
the flower has many yellow, thin petals which overlap and a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
this yellow flower has many long narrow petals which radiate outward from the center, which is a darker yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has a rounded center and layers of very thin yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
the flower has many yellow stamens around the orange pollen tube

the flower is big and has petals that are yellow, soft, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of stamens
this flower has long yellow petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
the flower has yellow petals with a red stripe on the center, with anthers over a round structure.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stripes
this flower has multi colored petals with yellow edges and a bright orange middle leading to a yellow and red stamen.
this flower has pointy yellow petals with red vertical center stripes.
large flower with many overlapping yellow, red, and black petals in a star pattern with a broad ovule and many small yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are red near the center.

the inner petals are orange and pink in color,the outer petals are light pink in color
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has long, pale purple petals with ruffled edges and a brighter purple mouth.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and multicolored.
this large flower has delicate pink petals with a stamen and stigma that range from light purple to orange and yellow.
this flower has purple petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has frilly petals of light lavender with a magenta edge and yellow center veined with magenta.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple patches
the pistil has large pink petals that are symmetrical horizontally, with colors changing to orange towards the pollen tube.
this flower is made up of many different petals that are soft pink or bright pink light pink orange or white.

this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
flower has many petals that are thin, upright and lavender.
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower is a cluster of needle-like petals of bright purple atop multiple rows of spear shaped sepals.
this flower has a cactus like structure at the bottom and numerous think purple petals on the top.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this flower has many upward pointing skinny purple petals on it.
this flower is purple and green in color, with very skinny petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple with lots of spikes.

the flower has petals that are white with green anthers.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
what an eye of a flower this is with its soft pastel petals and long stamen doused in a perky purple hue
this flower has a large white petal and a lot of white long stamen
the flower has white petals with purple and white anther and a green pollen tube
the petals on this flower are mostly white, with long green stamen.
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft and arranged separately in disc like manner below the disc like layer of white stamens that is dark red near the the centre
this flower has round white petals and a fringe of white and purple surrounding thick green stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple and stringy stamen

the outer petals of the flower are white while the spiky petals are blue, white, and maroon.
this distinctive flower features an inner layer of purple and white petals framed by a layer of white elongated petals.
this flower has a very unuqie look and color
this plant has multiple blue and white stamens that hang just above the white petals.
this flower has white petals and many filaments that are colored purple, white, and blue.
this is a light blue flower, with thick and long petals on the outside and thin, and short ombre colored petals on the inside.
this flower has rounded green outer petals and pale, thin, pointed purple and white inner petals.
this flower has two large yellow pistils, several bright pink and green stamen, a layer of bright purple, blue, and white petals, and an outer layer of light green petals.
this flower has long white green petals and blue tip anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has string stamen

the flower shown has yellow petals with yellow pistil in the center
this star-like flower has yellow and white petals with a bright yellow pistil.
a flower with yellow petal that are open and tubular and a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
a flower with light yellow pointed petals on the outside and a brighter yellow center.
the pale yellow outer petals form a star, with a darker yellow trumpet petal at the center and the pale filaments inside the trumpet.
this flower has pointed yellow petals surrounding a bell-shaped center of darker yellow.
this flower has yellow and white petals that form a bell shape
this flower has a light yellow sepal with brighter yellow petals in a trumpet formation at its center.

the flower shown has thin red petals as its main feature.
these large flowers feature red petals, a yellow and light orange pollen tube, and dark but vibrant green large leaves.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with only one petal that is large.
this flower has giant red petals and a green and yellow stigma in the middle
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower seems to have a single wide petal with a longer stigma sticking straight up.
this flower is red in color, and has a single large heart shaped petal.
this flower has red petals, a greenish-yellow stigma and a reddish-green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
a flower with long wide petals that surrounds the pollen tube.

this colorful flower has yellow, white and pink petals and a green stem
this five petaled flower is orange with an inner pink and red coloring, it has a pistil that is protruding and is yellow.
the petals are orange with pink color at the base of the petal.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are ruffled in appearance.
the flower has orange petals with a large yellow stigma.
this flower has a yellow stigma, orange petal, and a red ovule.
this flower has wide and very rounded orange petals with a center of white and dark red.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow style
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that are pink near the base of the ovary.
this flower has large circular orange petals, with a red center and a bright yellow stigma

this flower has purple anther and large red petals as its main features
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
this flower is bright red with a whitish color scheme going inwards of the pistil with a yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are red with a red pistil.
this flower has red petals that has a big flowery yellow stigma
this flower has five red petals with a long stigma and multiple stamen.
this flower has five rounded red petals whose edges are slightly ruffled.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has large red petals with a wrinkled texture and red filaments with yellow anthers.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by long orange petals with vertical ridges.
this flower has dark orange petals with a yellow stigma and stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pistil in this flower look like small buds and the petals are orange
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has orange petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by long red petals.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has ribbed orange petals with slightly pointed tips arranged in a single circular layer.

this flower has petals that are white with purple edges
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this is a pink flower with white stripes and white stamen.
the petals are broad but thin at the edges and are white with small tints of pink at the edges.
this flower has white filament and white petals with purple trim as its main features
the leaves of this flower change from light pink near the pedicel to dark pink at the tips.
a large pedaled flower with a purple and white coloration.
this flower grows on a thick stem and is violet on the edges of the white petals with large anther.
this pink and white flower has pointy petals with a white and purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges

this flower has red petals, reddish anther and filament, and greenish pedicel and sepal.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
purple flowers with broad purple flowers and small yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with small stamen
the flower has red broad petals and yellow anthers with red filaments.
this flower has petals that are red and are buinched together
the petals of this flower are dark orange and the pedicel is green
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has five red petals with a darker pistil and stamen.
the pistal is small with peach petals at the bottom and many stamens

pedicel is green in color,petals are white in color,with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has yellowish white color and a bunch of stamens.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this white flower has rounded petals, yellow stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has a straight green stem with smooth white petals in a gently cupped formation.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly light yellow, and dark yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower has thin and wide white petals which are smooth and upturned.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are closed bunched.
this flower has purple pistil and small purple petals as its main features
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
the flower has petals that are pale pink and overlapping, with pink stamen.
this flower has many small very light purple petals grouped tightly together.
this flower has petals that are purple and is ruffled together
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has a mound of small pale purple petals with ruffles.
this particular flower has petals that are short and purple with a bug on top

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower is big, yellow and has petals that are irregular in shape and has green sepal
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange dots
this flower has yellow and orange petals with yellow pedicel as its main features
the flower has petals that are yellow with orange spots.
this flower has rounded and ruffled yellow petals with accents of dark orange dots.
this flower has frilly yellow petals that are speckled with bright orange.
this is a yellow flower with orange spotted petals that turn orange toward the receptacle.
a group of flowers that are yellow with a red dots on it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots

the five lavender petals give this blossom a star shape, with a yellow center featuring long yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are dark pink with white edges and many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this is a light purple fragile five petaled flower with a circle of stamen and a love pedicel.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
five oblong lavender petals surround a yellow center, with brighter yellow projections surrounding it.
a small flower with five purple petals and many yellow stamen sprouting from it's ovule at it's center.
this flower has a bold five petals that are purple in color and yellow inner stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the pedicel of this flower is gray and the petals are purple and white

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a long and thing pink petal with white stamen on them
this medium white flower has rows of thin blue petals and thick stamen.
a flower with a wide set of individual purple petals, wiggly purple stamen, and a towering pistil construct.
this flower has prominent green and purple stamen and pollen tube surrounded by two layers of thin purple and wide lavender petals.
this flower has purple petals, green sepals, and curly white filaments.
a large yellow pollen tube sits on bright purple sepal on this flower.
this exotic flower has a large purple pedicel and several purple sepals with curved white filaments on the top.
this flower has long purple and green petals under a frizz of thin purple and white hairs.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen

the petals on this flower are pink with brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a flower with purple petals accompanied by yellow pistils and black anther filaments.
petals are rounded in shape,anthes are larger in size
this flower has thick pink petals that wrap around the yellow stamen and black anthers.
this flower has wide and thick pale purple petals with thick veins.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled inward around the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower is a dull pink with a bright yellow center.
this flower has veined pink petals arranged in an overlapping cup-like shape.

this flower has petals that are yellow and are stringy
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of very thin hairlike fringed yellow petals.
the flower shown has yellow petals and a bright yellow anthers as its main feature.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
the flower has a prominent yellow pistil with many anthers
bright yellow multiple rows of needle shaped pedals with yellow stamen and stigma.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by layers of hair-like thin yellow fringe.
this bright yellow flower has pointed petals and yellow orange stamen.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and are very small in size.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy

this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled over at the edges.
this is an all white flower with one big petal and a long anther filament.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
a white flower with a long narrow green stigma tipped with yellow surrounded by large white floppy petals.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has one white petal with no separation surrounding the pollen tube and its stigma is yellow.
this flower has conjoined white petals which bend smoothly outwards.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower is white in color, and has a horn shaped petal.

the flower has purple petals that are thick and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with stringy purple stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a layer of light purple petals on the bottom and a layer of very thin and long petals on top.
this flower has rounded purple petals along with a matching purple wavy stamen.
this flower has hair like purple petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is made up of a row of elongated green petals under a row of needle like petals.
this is a purple flower with curvy petals and a prominent yellow pistil.

the purple buds bloom into rounded yellow petals, one on either side of the green-white stamens.
an orange petal flower with reddish green colored stamen
this unique flower features large brownish stamen and yellow petals.
this flower consists of yellow irregular leaves surrounding elongated fat anthers on short filaments.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are round.
this flower has yellow petals with brown buds on a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and thin.
this unique looking flower is yellow red and the bulbs has not bloomed
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green style
the stamens of the flower consist of shades of green and purple throughout.

this is a bright orange flower with a single yellow orange anther and filament.
this flower has striking orange-red petals and it grows individually.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
the petals on this flower are round with frilly, feathered protrusions at the base and are orange and flip out from the concave center which is yellow and has streaks of black.
this flower has bright orange petals with a slightly wrinkled texture.
an orange flower with floppy orange petals surrounding an orange set of stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is made up of fan shaped orange petals around a yellow stamen.

this flower grows on a tall plant with a long pedicel and it has many purple pointed petals with pointed and sharp reproductive parts.
this flower has pinkish leaves with a round rusty brown ovary in the center of the leaves.
this flower is pink and brown in color, with petals that are skinny and pink.
this flower has thin white pedals with a brownish orange pistil.
this large purple flower has thin droopy petals and a thick rounded center.
the pistil is the most obvious part of this coneflower; the purple leaves point downward.
this flower has purple petals as well as a red stamen.
a large flower with purple and white pedals and a very large brown center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.

this flower has petals that are purple ruffled around the edges
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled
this flower has purple petals, purple stigma, and greenish pedicel and sepal.
this flower has thin wavy purple petals as its main feature.
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen
this flower has large purple petals that lead to a dark purple center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a black center
these petunias are a lovely shade of lavender, and are covered with dew drops.
this flower has pale purple petals arranged in a funnel-like configuration.

this flower has long white petals that have purple dots on it, and a large green stigma on it
this flower has a prominent pollen tube surrounded by five long white petals dotted with purple spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has petals that are white with purple spots and a thick green style.
the flower has a white petal with spots of purple on it and a large green pollen tube
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
a flower with white petals covered in purple speckles with a large green pistil also covered in purple speckles.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has wide, tapered-tip white petals with purple spots.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pistil.

this star-shaped flower has white and bright yellow petal.
broad oval white petals pinwheeled together in a group of five or six, with a yellow faded center and no organs.
the flower has five numbered oval shaped large petals that are white in color with a yellow inner part
this flower has a white petal with a bright yellow center
this small white flower has waxy thick petals with yellow centers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the only five petals are large and bright white and are yellow at the center of the flower.
this flower has five white petals that has yellow in the center
the broad white petaled flower transitions to a sunshine yellow center.
this flower has white petals with yellow at their base and they are in a star-like arrangement.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has several white petals, and purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
the petals on this flower are white with purple stamen.
this is a white flower with overlapping oval-shaped petals with dark red stamens and a white pistil.
this flower has short purple filaments and white petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower has white petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower has large white leaves whose edges are slightly ruffled.

this small white flower with rounded petals has a yellow center with black stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple. white and yellow
the flower has purple white and yellow petals on it
the petals are white with either purple or yellow coloring.
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has five fan shaped petals that are white and purple tips and yellow closure to the pistil.
a flower with two white petals, two white and purple, and one that is white and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
this flower has beautiful white, purple and yellow colored petals.
this is a white petaled flower with purple tips, the filament appears to be black and thin with yellow pistil.

this flower had petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has white petals with yellow middles as well.
the flower shown has smooth white and yellow petals and green pedicel
there are many white petaled flowers with yellow centers per stem with large green leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
this flower has five white petals that have yellow highlights that come together in the shape of a star
this flower has beautiful white and yellow petals and a green pedicel
the petals fade outward from a yellow to a white forming a star shape.

this flower has petals that are white and yellow steman
this flower has five wide white petals with rounded edges surrounding numerous yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
five pale purple tear-shaped petals surround a cluster of yellow stamen and a prominent green pistil.
the petals are arranged around the long stamens that have yellow anthers.
this flower has white petals with yellow stamen in the middle embedded on green leaves.
this is a white flower with five petals and many yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow, white, and purple in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the white petals are teardrop shaped and surround yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with green tips
outer petals are green in color,inner p[etals are pink in color
the petals of the flower are pink in color have a green stem with green sepal.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are darker on the tips.
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
a flower with a green pedicel with three purple petals sprouting out of it.
this flower has a vertical layer of rounded green and pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upward
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
this flower has small peach and yellow petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are red and yellow with a short stigma
the petals of the flower are layered and are yellow and pink in color.
medium sized, yellow-red petals and brown anthers.
this flower has a maroon ovule, yellow and white petals in the center and pink and cream petals surrounding the outer portion of the flower.
this flower has layers of tapered peach colored petals with yellow accents.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
a dull pink and yellow flower with a white edge and a black center.

there are 2 different rows of petals on this round, lavender colored flower; on the outside the petals are large, smooth and sparse but the inner petals are small, densely compacted and smooth with tiny yellow stamins in the middle of each petal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are stacked on top of each other.
petals are light purple and are small but many while the tiny stamens form small yellow circles
the petals of the pale purple flowers are small and dense in multiple layers.
a cluster of white petals with white long stamens
this is a light purple flower that has petals that get larger as they move away from the receptacle.
a cluster of light lavender round ruffled petals in many overlapping layers surrounding lavender stamen.
this pale purple flower has rounded petals and purple stamen with white anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together

leaves are green in color,petals are red in color,with smaler stamen and pistil
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has a simple row of pink petals shaded lightly at the end with the stamens inside down at the middle
a flower with pink petals and no visible anther filaments showing.
this flower has petals that are pink with a white center
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals white near the center.
this flower has pink petals that has white shading and yellow in the center
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
a flower whose petals are pink on the outside and white towards the middle.
this flower has five wide white petals with ruffled fuchsia tips.

this flower features a prominent ovary surrounded by thin white and purple stamens, framed by pointed purple petals.
the flower has six purple petals, the pointy petals are extended and open.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the flower is big and has petals that are violet and separately arranged around the disc of stamens
this is a purple flower, with six rounded and pointed petals, and a white fuzzy textured center.
the petals of the flower are purple in color with a white center.
this flower is purple and white in color, with oval shaped and pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has large purple petals and long white stamens.

this strange looking flower has a lot of white petals and one pedal has purple and yellow and white on it
this flower features five long white pointed petals and one trumpet-shaped petal which is purple at the edges and yellow at the center.
this flower has small white petals with a brown stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are white with one purple petal.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this is a white flower with one purple petal that has very distinct elongated petals.
this flower has white wavy petals and orange thin filaments.
this purple and white flower has pointed pedals and green sepals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple patches

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edge.
this is a flower with four yellow petals and anthers.
the flower has five petals that are bright yellow with yellow stamen.
this five petal flower holds yellow stamen and a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are uniformly yellow and the stamen and pistil are also yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has five rounded and shiny yellow petals with very smooth edges.
this yellow flower has 5 larger petals and and inner section of also yellow pistils.

this purple flower has pointed petals with white filaments and yellow anther.
the flower has purple petals with a yellow and white stigma.
this flower has large pointed purple petals with a yellow and white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has eight purple petals that all have a white strip down the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this purple flower has pointed petals and white stamen with yellow anthers.
the flower has many oval petals that are bright blue.

the petals of the flower are purple with a yellow center made of anthers.
these purple flowers are medium sized, have long petals and bright yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are many and purple in color with many stamens that are yellow in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
long, thin purple petals with rounded edges surround yellow anthers atop light purple stamen.
a broad purple flower with long flat purple petals around yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stigma
this flower has oblong purple petals with a ribbed texture.
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has light purple petals and stigma, and a reddish, green pedestal.
the delegacy of the lavender opens with small skinny pedals on the inside and long curly pedals on the outside
this delicate flower has thin, long pink petals and prominent pink stamen.
the flower shown has long purple filament and purple anther
this flower features a set of light pink petals and long, erect stamen and pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl and ruffle.
a large purple and white flower with the pedals curled at the tips and a long stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wrinkled.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has long white and pink petals that grow up and backwards away from the center.
the petals are light pink with tints of white, and the pedicel is green.
this is a flower that has many long and skinny pink petals.
flowers have long narrow multi-toned lavender petals loosely arranged in a trumpet shape.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
a flower with very long petals that are a light purple.
this flower has multiple shades of pink with very light petals but a dark pistil, the filament is the darkest part of this flower.
this flower has long and skinny pink petals that are sparsely placed and somewhat curly.

this flower has a lot of small white petals and no visible stigma
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower has purple anther and white filament in a circular formation
this flower is comprised of hundreds of tiny star shaped flowers with very thin purple petals.
this flower has thin and purple petals that form a ball shape
this ball shaped flower has white pointed filaments.
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are white.
this spherical flower is composed of many smaller 5-petaled blossoms with narrow star-shaped purple petals and light yellow pistils.
this flower has a round cluster of tiny, pale purple blossoms.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
red petals white middle light green leaves
the petals of this flower are red with a large stigma
a few flowers with bright pink petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow center
one large red petal with wavy edges surround the light yellow pistil and stamen
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has wide red petals whose edges are slightly ruffled.
the petals of the flower are red in color with leaves that are green.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are all connected to each other.
the flower has a dark violet colored petals with its stamen in white color.
the flower has petals that are dark purple with a green pedicel.
deep purple petals in a tubular shape surrounding a pale pink pistil and having a light green sepal.
this petals of this flower are pink in the center, but grow to a darker purple at the edges.
this flower has conjoined dark purple petals with smooth ruffling edges.
this flower has dark purple petals, with a white pistil in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is twisted and green
this flower has a light green pedicel and receptacle, dark purple petals, and a white pistil.

this flower has wide, ruffled petals of a pale violet color.
this flowers had lavender petals and green stems and leaves.
the flower shown has smooth purple petals and a green pedicel
this flower has rough, bright purple petals which overlap only slightly on the edge.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has a ring-like formation of five purple petals with slightly rounded edges.
this flower has large purple petals with a darker purple in the center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled egdes
this flower has five wide rounded purple petals with slight ruffling.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and multicolored.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
a flower with open purple and white petals and central purple stamen cluster
this flower has very vibrant purple petals with white accents.
this flower has purple petals along with a thin white filament and anther.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are curled back at the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white lines
the purple petals have a white stripe and are slightly curled at the edges and the stamens are light purple.
this flower has an overlapping configuration of bright purple petals with white stripes down their center.

this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
this flower has layers of yellow petals which point upwards and have tapered tips.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded upwards
this flower has multiple rows of pointy yellow pedals with a darker yellow stamen and stigma.
this flower has multiple layers of yellow petals with pointed tips.
this flower has multiple layers of yellow petals with pointed tips.

a flower that has white petals and pinkish stems. the filaments are white and brown tipped
this flower has long protruding white stamen surrounded by several curved white petals.
the flowers has petals that are white with white filaments.
thin, ceramic white colored petals with protruding pistil (of the same coloring) and a pink pedicel.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is pink and white in color, with wavy oval shaped petals.
this is a white flower with five petals and very long white stamens.
this flower has white petals with have long and stringy stamen
this flower has sparse white petals with long white filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower has distinct white petals and long thin white stamen.

this bright blue flower has pointed petals in the shape of a star.
five or six blue petals with dark blue veins surround delicate white taper-like stamen with a light blue pistil.
the flower shown has blue petals and a white pollen tube.
this orchid color flower has five petals with five white stamens, and a white stigma.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are purple with veins.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and has leaves that are green in color.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has a star-like configuration with bright blue petals and thin white stamen and a white pistil.
this blue flower has pointed and veined petals with white stamen.

the orange flower has oval petals with red and maroon stamen.
the flower has small orange petals that are quite congested.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
a red and orange flower with rounded petals and red anther.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the petals are small and vary in color from yellow, orange, and red.
this flower has yellow-orange petals, red berries in its ovule, and short green leaves.
this flower has petals that are orange and has green stamen
this flower has very small white stamen at the center of bright orange rounded petals with a smooth surface.
this flower has small, rounded orange petals with tiny red veins.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this complex blossom has purple sepals and long narrow tubular "petals" that curve at the end, the pistil is complex with an three sided arch over the ovary.
purple petals long and oval forming a fringe around the curling stamen around a large pistil.
a stingy petal flower that is purple and white with a yellow stigma.
flower with purple petals and very long purple stamen and a yellow pistil
this flower has large pale purple petals under a fringe of purple and white.
the petals are light purple and stringy and the stamens are yellow and the sepals are green.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly stringy lavender, and yellow-green is the color of the stamen.
this flower has purple petals with purple and white filaments that have curly ends.

many small maroon petals are arranged in a pinecone-like shape, with yellow extensions on the bottom ones.
this small red flower has thin waxy leaves with little yellow petals.
a flower with small yellow petals and no visible anther filaments nor pistils.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are tightly bunched together.
the flower has petals of a yellow color coming from red leaves.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower is coned shaped with a layer of purple petals and yellow petals.
this flower has many maroon petels with bright yellow petals coming out of each maroon petal.
this flower has a dark purple sepals and pedicel along with small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together

this tube like trumpet shaped flower has conjoined petals in a pale lilac shade.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is trumpet shaped with pink petals and brown dots leading into the pistil.
there is several individual flowers each have pale purple petals with dotes.
the petals of this flower are pink and they have red and white dots on them
this flower has a horn shaped purple petal that has maroon and white spots on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
a flower with tube shaped petals that are light purple with spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

the flower has blue petals and white stamen in the middle
this flower has purple petals and a white stamen with a white anther
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
ruffled blue petals with blunt ends in a group of five with delicate stamen with puffs on the end.
the flower has purple petals with a white stigma and green pedicel.
white flower with anther filament and green stem.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has lavender stamen and anther filaments and purple petals.
this flower has thin white stamen and large white petals with smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white stamen

this flower has petals that are orange with red stamen
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have small pointed buds.
this bright orange flower has four irregular petals arranged around white stamen.
a flower with broad orange and ret petals and cluster of white stamen
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have veins.
flower clusters as several small flowers with orange petals having lighter orange petal edges, approximately 4 petals per flower, stamen are extremely short.
this flower has very short white stamen surrounded by bright orange rounded petals with a smooth texture.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a white center
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have veins.
a red and orange flower with three petals that surround short, stubby white stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
the petals of this yellow flower are long, thin, and make up several layers.
the petals are thin-shaped and bright yellow in color and are pointing outwards.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has bright yellow petals that are very thin and long.
the petals of this flower are abstract and yellow and the pedicel is green
the flower has many yellow stamens around and on the pollen tube
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the tiny, thin, yellow petals form a sphere shape around a cluster of golden colored stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of the flower are pink, with one petal that has many pink stains.
the flower has petals that are bright pink with pink stigma.
this flower has purple petals and purple stamen that have long filament.
the flower has five bright pink petals and pink stamen.
this flower has bright pink rounded petals with darker pink spots arranged in a star-like configuration.
this flower has five rounded and smooth petals of hot pink with ruffled edges.
the bright pink petals are ruffled with dark pink speckles and the stamen are long and dark pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and ruffled.

the blue color disc shaped flower has petals that are soft, smooth and supported by green sepal
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has a single purple petal that has a long visible stile, the petal is more white near the stile.

this flower has petals that are purple with a patch of white
petals are rounded in shape,they are light purple in color
this flower has large purple petals with white spots on them and a yellow stigma in the middle
this flower has large petals that are ruffled and purple at the edges, and white near the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted near the edges.
this flower has white and purple petals and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has white and purple petals with ruffled edges.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with purple on the edges.

the petals of this flower are red and yellow with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are red with yellow fringes.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
a flower with spotted yellow and red petals with additional red anther sprouting from its center
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
this flower has wide and round-shaped red petals with mottled yellow edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower has yellow petals that have red all around them
this flower has brightly colored petals that are red and yellow and arranged in a wavy configuration.

this flower has petals that are purple with white and yellow shading and dark lines
the petals of this flower are white, yellow, and purple.
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
pale colored petals that are white, yellow and purple with brown stripes in the center.
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, and has petals that are stripe dnearthe ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and dark lines
orange inner stamen with white petals with inner brown thin stripes with one petal with a outer purple glow
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and yellow.
this yellow, purple, and white flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

this is a flower that has purple anthers and long white petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged facing the ground below the stamens that are blue
this flower has ivory petals, green stigma, and purple anther and filament.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower has a large green pistil along with many thin blue filaments and white petals.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has purple stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has a prominent green stigma that is in the center of long purple filaments that are darker purple in color towards the bottom, then white, then lighter purple.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
the flower shown has a green pedicel with purple and white petals
petals that are white at their base and purple at the tips make up this flower; some are curled up and others extend straight out.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the pedals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
this flower has straight green pedicel underneath a trio of oblong white sepals with pink tips and petals wrapped together in a ball formation.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pink on the edges.
this flower has white petals and pink on the tips of them
this flower has petals that are white and has pink tips
this flower has white petals with pink tips wrapped tightly around the pistil.

this flower has multiple stamen with large anthers and a layer of white petals.
this white pedaled flower has pale pink anther's with green pedicel and spedal.
this scary looking flower, with multiple heads is a soft purple almost white in color.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals and soft pink pistil
a large gray white flower with many heads and stigmas.
this flower has long, tapered white petals and a cluster of tiny inner white and pink blossoms.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
a white flower with many small white stamen sticking out of it's center.
this flower has a center of tall white stamen rising above a ring of white oblong petals.

the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has several wide petals with pointed tips in shades of purple with a mottled appearance.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
pedicel is brwon incolor,petals are oval in shape and are brown spoted
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has a drooping head and wide purple petals.
this flower has downward facing petals of deep red speckled with hot pink spots.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping.
this flower has petals that are red and has pink dots
this red and purple flower tilts downward, and features a checkered pattern on the petals and a thin stem.

this flower has petals that are purple with a yellow center
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are upright, dark pink and have yellow stamen.
this is a pink flower with pointed petals and a yellow style.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this fllower appears to be floating on the surface of water has many bright purple pointed petals facing upwards with a bright yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are facing upward.
this flower has a thick short group of yellow stamen inside of cup-like layers of pointed purple petals.
the petals of this flower are dark pink with a white tint and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flowr has four yellow petals and the stamen is also yellow
there are four, bright yellow, sesame-seed shaped petals with several short, yellow needle-shaped petals in the center.
this flower has oblong yellow petals and thin yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has yellow petals with ridges at their top and yellow stamen at its center.
this flower has bright yellow petals and bright yellow anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.

this flower is pink and white in color, with only one large petal.
the petal of the flower is red and has a thick white ovary with green leaves.
this flower has one large thick pink petal with a thick pistil in the center.
a pretty red flower has a leaf-shaped corolla and white thick tubular gynoecium.
this faded red flower has a long two-toned stigma and just two petals.
this flower has a single large red petal and a white colored pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has white style
one pink color petal in heart shape and one stigma in center with white in the bottom and yellow in the tip.
this flower has a single thick white pistil and a red petal.

the flower has lavender petals that are pentagon shaped and curled at the ends.
this light violet flower has five spade-shaped pedals and yellowish colored anthers.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this large petal purple flower has a deep pocket of a few stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with short stamen
a large star shaped purple with a lime green stigma.
this is a light pink flower with very prominent yellow pistil color.
the petals of the flower are light purple in color with an inside that is yellow in color.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple patches
a bright, pink, delicate pedal surrounding a pink spikey stamen clustered on a green plant.
these pretty looking flowers has pink petals and red spots on the petal
this flower has pink petals and pistil as its main features
this pink flower has rounded petals and a brown pedicel.
the flower has five pedals with speckled pattern from the center with a light purple color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red spots
this flower has five bright pink petals that all have darker pink spots all over them.
this flower has a star-like shape that has pink petals with darker pink spots.

this flower has wide orange petals , with a yellow stamen and pistil.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has yellow stamens in the centre
this flower has long oval petals of orange with reddish orange stripes.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are dark earthy orange and the pistils are small and golden yellow
this flower has green sepals and small orange oblong petals.

this flower has upward pointed reddish petals with white bases, surrounding a large number of lavender stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with purple stamen
dark red and white petals with green and white middle dark green leaves
this flower has a wide white center surrounded by upturned red petals with pointed edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
the large round center of this flower is covered with whitish pink anthers and the petals are white closest to the center and end in a red point.
this flower has a wide and light colored center surrounded by a thin ring of green filament and spiky red petals.
a round flower with odd, pointy shaped red petals that circle around many white stamen.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

