a flower with pink and white large petals and pink interior stamen.
this dark pink flower has ruffly petals that do not make an even circle.
the large petals of this flower are bright pink and the stamen are a lighter pink.
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven on the edges.
this flower has pink petals with white stripes and pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has large pink petals that are white towards the center.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pink stamen.

this is a purple flower with long and pointy petals with black tips.
multiple fuschia colored flowers are tubular and arranged in a circle.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the flower shown has purple pistil with purple sepal as well
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin
the pink flower has long rounded pedals that each contain a pollen tube.
this flower has layers of thin, tube-like rolled petals in hot pink shades.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and curled.
a flower with bright purple petals and a green stem.

this flower is made up of one large rounded purple petal with a hallow point and brown stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
leaves are green in color,flowers are purple in color,with yellow anthers
the flower is pink with fused petal that is forming a disc like shape and enclosing stamens
this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
violet colored flowers with dark purple stripes coming from the middle out to the ends of the petals. the center of the flower goes inside the flower and has yellow inside. the petals are large and slightly star shaped (being that the star is rounded at the points.)
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has conjoined heart-shaped petals in a shade of pale lavender.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is light purple.

this flower has petals that are purple with many ruffles
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and lavender with lavender stamen.
this is a flower that has white petals toward the center and purple petals around the edges.
this lavender flower has a slender, wiry stem and multiple rows of petals arranged around a slightly lighter-colored center with stamens that look like small pins.
this is a light purple flower with petals getting larger as it moves way from the receptacle.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
there is a tight cluster of purple pedals with a white hue surrounded by longer pedals of a darker purple hue.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower has a large number of very light purple small petals.

the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a center that is brown in color.
petals are yellow in color and the petals are oival in shape
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are that are ruffled.
this is a yellow flower with sunflower seeds on it
this flower has a ray-like formation of long yellow petals around a brown disk center.
this flower has large yellow petals and a large round brown pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen

this flower has white petals with dark purple spots as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with purple spots
the petals of this flower are white and red with a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has petals that are white and purple spots.
this flower has white petals with dark red dots scattered across.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has white petals with burgundy spots on them with curled edges.
this white and dark red spotted flower has curled petals and a white and dark red spotted pistil.

the petals are white and no stamen and pistil can be seen on the flower.
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are green on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigma
white middle green and white leaves
this flower has petals that are green and has flowery stigma
a group of large white flowers with green leaves in the back.
this flower has spiked pale green petals with clusters of tiny pale green blossoms.
a flower with a very large voule with an assortment of white and green petals stemming out of it.
this flower has a very thin stem underneath a layer of white petals with green pointed tips and spiky stamen.

the flower petals are a rich purple at the edges that fades to white in the center where the small stamen are located.
there are two flowers, they are purple and white.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink lines
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
the pink petals of this flower drop down to a white center which has a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
this flower has pink petals, with a white pistil and darker pink divisions between petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the ovary.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is light pink with darker pink markings.
this flower has large pink and white petals with a white pistil

petals are rounded in shape,they are light yellw in color
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with shades of orange
there are five petals that are two tones of yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange center
this orange and pale yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this is a yellow flower that turns orange as it gets closer to the receptacle.
this flower has large pale yellow petals that turn orange towards the center.
this flower has heart shaped petals of pale yellow with vivid orange centers.

this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower has dark purple petals covered in large white spots that droop towards the ground.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are curled downward.
this flower has large rounded burgundy polka dot petals that droop over in a downward state.
the bell shaped flower is facing the ground with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pedicel
this flower has a drooping head and large petals of purple and white.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has an overturned ring of pointed petals that are dark pink with many light spots.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals are fuschia and arounded and there are lots of fine stamen.
many purple stamen longer ,with darker anthers
the big flower has petals that are pink with some petals having red spots and the stamen are sticking out from the centre
the flower has seven petals that are hot pink in color with dots of red.
this pink and dark red flower has rounded petals and pink and gray stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green

the petals on this flower are red with yellow tips.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
two flowers with pink petals and yellow tips on end of each petal and a large deep colored stamen.
this blossom has red petals with yellow edges, the center is maroon on the outside edges and yellow in the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has wide pink petals which divide out into three yellow tips; the large ovule contains many short yellow stamens with dark red anthers.
the bright pink and yellow petals surround a large group of short darker colored stamen.
pistil and stamen vary in color from dark red to yellow and the petals are pink closest to the center, yellow furthest from the center.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
a flower with white petals and with pistils and anther filaments.
this flower has many petals that are white with purple anthers.
this flower has a large white petal with a long white stamen on it
these petals are flat and white and have a rough edge.
these white flowers look wilted and have a hint of light pink to them with small purple pistils.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has white petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has small and wide white petals with very fringed edges.

this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has a single red colored big petal with its stamen in a dark brown color.
a flower with one large individual red petal and a massive clustered towering brown pistil.
this flower has big red petals and a long pink and green anther in the center
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has a thick upright pistil and a large red heart shaped petal.
this flower has thick stamen and shiny, pointy-tipped red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has green style
this flower is red in color, and has a single large petal.
a flower with a large petal that wraps around the pollen tube.

the flower is facing the ground and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pedicel
this flower has petals that are drooping and red with white spots.
the flower has a checkered patterned petal and curved pedicel.
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are red with white polka dots
this flower has petals that are red and has white dots
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this is a polka dot reddish white flower with oval shaped leaves.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are red with spots.
this flower has down-turned petals in mottled hues of plum and dark purple.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have a pink stripe in the center.
the flower has a purple and white petal with purple anther and white filament
this colorful flower has white petals with a pink stripe spanning down the middle of each petal to the stamen.
the flower has petals that are pink with white edges and purple filaments.
the flower has larger petals that are white and light pink in color
this is a white and light pink flower with star-shaped petals.
the flower has white petals with pink midsections on them.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
a pistil and white petals are what distinguishes this flower.

a fluffy cotton candy appearance flower with a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and layered.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has wide white delicate petals surrounding a small cluster of prominent yellow stamen.
this flower has many rows of overlapping petals with the stamens holding the prominent yellow anthers at the center
tightly closed soft pink petals with prominent yellow stamen
this flower has white and pink petals in a tightly bunched arrangement with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has patches of pink
this flower has pale purple petals which overlap and a yellow pistil.
the petals on this flower are mostly soft whiet in color and the inner stamen is the color deep yellow.

the flower has orange colored petals and the ovary is round and yellow in color.
this beautiful flower has orange overlapping orange petals and dark yellow filament.
this vibrant flower has red and orange petals with numerous yellow stamen.
this flower has long orange petals and has a yellow anther filament.
this flower contains a prominent ovary containing yellow stamens surrounded by a ring of orange pointed petals.
the flower is so beautiful with orange petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around yellow stamens in disc like manner
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
twelve bright orange peddles surrounding a tightly packed yellow stigma.
this song is orange with the yellow stuff in the middle
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

flower has large showy anthers and prominent stigma with filaments surrounding and purple petals below.
this flower has delicate violet colored petals in front, with more substantial petals behind. the center has a white stigma and white anthems.
this crazy-looking flower features wavy stamen against a darker-purple petal-set.
the flower has purple petals and many purple filaments extending from the body of the flower.
the flower has white and purple stringy petals with yellow pollen tubes
this flower has large purple petals and a large white pistil.
this flower has flat purple petals and wavy purple filaments.
this flower has wide purple petals under a frizz and fringe of darker purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
some of the petals are flat and pink while others are wiry and range from light pink to dark pink and the stamen have yellow anther.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the tips.
the petals on this flower are pink tips with white bases.
the flower has petals that are pink at the tip and white on the bottom.
a closed white flower with spots of pink.
flower has petals that are overlapping, pale pink with green pedicel.
this flower has delicate white petals that change to a hot pink towards the edges, and a green pedicel.
the flower has petals color white and pink, and the shape of petals are oval.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
large droplet shaped white and purple petals enclose and protect the inside stamen and pistol.
the flower has a white and purple petals around the pollen tube

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower is bright pink with openings near the pink pistil.
the petals of this pink flower are rounded and encircle a cluster of pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
this is a large flower with pink petals and green near the ovary.
a large bubblegum colored flower with a pink stigma center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have darker striped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
medium pink rippled petals are arranged in a single row around a central, identically colored pistil, with green and black accent colors deep in the throat of the flower.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored with white lines running along the length.

this flower has bright pink petals with a pink stamen.
this flower has a large purple petal and a pink stamen
narrow lilac colored petals below much fuller lilac petals and a somewhat tubular petal in the center that is lilac, purple and white.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy.
a dark pink flower with short petals with a white stamen
this purple flower has soft purple petals that surround smaller purple petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple patches
this flower has large pink petals with a splash of dark pink towards the center.
this flower has three different shapes of pink petals and one has a brighter pink interior.
this flower has pink petals in varying shapes and sizes.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has five white petals with pink streaks running to the center and a deeply situated ovary.
this trumpet-shaped flower has different shades of purple and has no stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with pink lines
the petals on this flower are white with pink stripes.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are covered in water drops.
the star like flower sparkling white and purple petals
the petals of this flower are pink and white and the pedicel is green
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines

this flower has petals that are large pointed and dark red.
this is a large red petaled flower with pionts and a small green pistil
the flower has green and red petals with green pollen tubes
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has several large, pointed red petals with leaflike veins.
this is a red flower with thick and long petals with yellow stamens and thick green leaves.
this flower has bright red petals with small florets of yellow and bright green leaves.
this flower has large leafy bright red petals with a yellow inside.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has dark lines

this flower has a prominent yellow ovary surrounded by layers of elongated oval white petals.
this flower has multiple narrow white petals and a deep yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
here is a flower with white long slightly rounded petals, a long pedicel, and a large yellow center head.
this flower has small white petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamemn
very small yellow stamen are surround by tiny white petals.
this flower has long white petals and several yellow anther in the middle in a round grouping.
this particular flower has petals that are short and white with a yellow center
this flower has a yellow ovule, a simple row of white petals and a narrow pedicel.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower has a pink petal with a green pedicel and pink pollen tubes
the flower has thin petals that are pink in color with pink filaments.
the petals are long and curved that expose the long filaments of the stamen.
the flower stamen are long and pin k in color with larger anthers
this flower has pink petals and that are thin and folded downward
this flower has purple petals and is trumpet-shaped.
this delicate lavender flower has many long curved petals and lavender tall stamens.
a purplish pink flower has long style with anthers on the top of it
this flower has skinny pink petals with curly edges and tall pink stamen.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are pink and yellow in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower has petals that are orange with patches of yellow
the petals of this flower are yellow and peach with a long stigma
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and is arranged in many different layers around stamens forming disc like shape
a group of pink and gold colored flower with a tan center.
this flower has layers of peach-colored petals with pale yellow undertones.
this flower has petals that are red and has orange and has yellow shading
this flower is made up of rows of long peach petals that turn yellow and get shorter closer to the stamen.
this flower has multiple layers of small peach colored oblong petals.

the anthers are white in color and the petals being pink.
this flower has four large pink and white petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a thick green stalk.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
there are four light pink flowers on the pedicel that are blooming more the further they are towards the ground
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
the petals on this flower are mostly light pink and white in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
six flowers on one stem, the lowest blossom is completely open and the top is a new bud and in between there are an entire range of opening light pink blooms.
a tall green stem holds large pink petals with faint yellow stamen and stigma.

this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that are wilted and large.
these orange petal flowers make up an entire flower with the insides resembling a patch of strawberries.
orangish yellow petals are together with the off white colored stamens attached to the blood red stigma.
a flower made up of smaller flowers with orange-yellow petals and green near the stamen.
this mustard-yellow petaled flower has white, yellow pistil and stamen.
the flower has many round orange and yellow petals and white stamen.
this flower has small orange petals which are rounded and have small veins.
this flower has small yellow petals and small white stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
a large orange and golden flowers with a gray stigma.

this strange looking flower it looks like a bird flying it has a lot of colorful petals
this flower is enclosed in a sword like leaf with orange blades for leaves and purple style.
the tropical flower has distinct petals that are orange, yellow and blue in color.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the outer petls are purple in color,the inner petals are yellow in color
this flower has a unique fire flame shape to its blooming petals which are also a bright red/orange and blue color while the sepal of the flower has rays of green and red.
this flower has a gray and pink pedicel underneath long and pointed upright orange petals.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed.
this flower has very thick, pointed petals in orange and blue.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are large and wrinkled in appearance.
the flower has purple petals with green and yellow stamen in the center
this flower has numerous white stamen surrounded by large purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower has large dark purple petals, white stamen, and little white anthers on it
the flower has petals that are dark purple with light purple filaments.
this flower has slightly wrinkled purple petals, and the stamen is yellow and white.
this flower has dark royal lavender petals and green pointed filaments.
this flower has dark purple, shriveled petals with a lot of stamen in the middle.
this flower has purple petals with white and yellow stamen
this flower has dark purple petals with long thin stamens that are yellow in color.

this flower is black and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower has lots of yellow long slender leaves,a long pedicel, and a large rounded fuzzy center.
this is a yellow flower with long petals and a black center.
flower with multiple long and thin bright yellow petals surrounding a pitch black flat pistil.
this flower has many yellow petals as well as black stamen.
this flower has layered yellow petals that has black stamen
this flower has thin and elongated petals that are arranged in a single layer.
the thin petals are bright gold and surround a cluster of dark brown stamens.
this flower has many bright yellow long petals around a black center.

this flower has a large white petal with a large green stigma sticking out
a downward venus shaped with pedaled flower with a green stem.
the petals are large and white, hanging from a thin, bent pedicel.
the flower has petals that are drooping and white with a green pedicel.
this flower is white and brown in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping downward.
the flower has long white petals that come to a point.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has white petals with pointed tips that form a cup.
a cream bell shaped flower with a light green stem.

this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are curled back ward.
these bright orange flowers have overlapping petals and white inner stamen.
petals are orange in color,the anthers are white incolor
this flower has orange petals with white pistil as its main features
the flower is orange and the petals are lobe shaped, with white stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has orange petals and white stamen in the center.
this flower has small and rounded orange petals with darker red veins.
a cluster of blossoms that are dark orange with visible veins and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange, both light and darker, with light stamen.

the flowers has petals that are purple with dark purple edges.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are shaped like bulbs.
the needle shaped leaves are smlaer with rounded large petal purple in color,with white anthers
this is a purple bell shaped flower, with with a yellow pistil and long stigma.
this flower has a large purple petal and a yellow stamen
this flower has tiny purple petals and five anthers at it's center.
this flower has purple curved petals and light yellow anthers.
this flower has purple petals and is shaped like a bell.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has bell shaped petals that are bright purple and it has a white pistil.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are rounded.
this is a flower with round shaped white petals on it.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow and pink lines
this flower has five wide white overlapping petals with a yellowish stigma and small white stamen.
this flower has very smooth white petals with rounded edges over top of a trio of oblong white sepals.
a snowy white flower with a gold and purple center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink and yellow spots
this flower has large, very smooth rounded white petals and a puckered mouth.

this flower has a purple colored petal with spots on the inside of it
purple spotted, teacup-shaped flowers open downwards and tightly clustered together on a tall stalk.
the petals of this flower are purple with white dots on them
this flower is comprised of numerous bell shaped purple blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
this purple flower has trumpet shaped petals with a pale violet on the outside and a dark violet on the inside with a black colored spots that have a white rim.
these purple flowers grow in clusters upside down and have spots on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a flower that has tube shaped petals and are light purple with spots.

the pedicel on this flower is purple with a green sepal and rose colored petals
the flower has a a dark colored set of petals mostly maroon in color and greenish color on its sepal.
this flower has dark red petal and no visible outer stigma
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
a flower with long and pointed petals that are dark red.
this flower has burgundy petals with dried up leaves
this flower has large white sepals and very dark red petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled closely around the center.

the flower shown has red petals which is its dominant feature
this flower has large bright red petals, pink stamens, and a green pedicel.
a red flower with ruffled petals and red filament holding white anther.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are red with pink stamen
this flower has petals that are red and has pink stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has vibrant red petals and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has a wheel-like arrangement of red petals with a slightly toothed top edge.
this flower is red and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.

this flower has large pedals whose color flows from orange to yellow.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow center
an orange and yellow flower with ruffled petals and black spots near the stamen.
this flower has petals that are dark orange with yellow stamen.
this orange, yellow, and black flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
an orange and yellow coloration flowers with some black lines.
this flower has a yellow ovary and bright orange rounded petals.
these flowers have orange curved petals with soft rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow center

a red flower with a continuous petal that surrounds a brown stigma.
the flower shown has a flat red petal which is its dominant feature
this flower is red in color, with petals that are all connected.
this flower has petals that are red with a small white patch in the middle
this flower has large red petals and a few yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower has five conjoined and rounded red petals which ruffle slightly.
this flower has petals that are red and have a white center
a flower with a petal that is red and curls outward.
the petal is a vivid red and is in one solid unbroken piece.
this flower has broad red petals, a white stamen, and a green peticel.

this flower has pink petals and purple spots of the inside of each petal.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has green pedicel and bell shaped pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink wiht purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a large bell shape pink and white flower with brown dots.
the petals of this flower are light pink and the stamen are yellow with a brown tip.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are white with red points and large yellow center.
wide and flat green, white and yellow flower with spiked petals.
this flower has petals that are white with purple tups
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the flower is big and has petals that are pink and separately arranged around the disc of stamens in three layers
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has thin pink and white petals with a round pistil.
this flower has a wide flat white center and spiky white petals tipped with pink.
this particular flower has petals that are short and pointed with pink and white
this flower has a lot of white stamen in a round puffy arrangement and pointed white and pink petals.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are green on the ends.
the flower shown has large purple petals petals and circular green leaves.
the flower is a nice light purple color with some long petals that are pointed at the ends.
the flower shown has purple petals sitting atop green sepal and pedicel
the pretty little flower is is pink with large long petals that over lap.
this flower has gentle violet petals with tiny, angled leaves at the base.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower has light purple petals and light green rounded sepals.
this flower has light purple triangular petals with a brown tip and green leaves spiraling down from the base.
this flower has large open pink purple petals standing on a thick pedicel.

this flower has drooping petals that are burgundy with white spots.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower has deep eggplant colored petals that droop towards the ground and have faded pink spots on them.
the reddish brown flowers have petals that form a dome that is growing from a green stem.
this flower has wide and slightly tapered petals in a plum shade.
beetroot colored maroon color petals with round blotches, pointed, long leaves with petals facing downward the ground and a stem curving towards the ground exposing the sepal and back of flower.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are very dark purple colored with white spots.
a purple flower with downward pointing purple speckled petals supported by a light green pedicel.

the flower is a violet color with a distinct pattern on the petals that looks similar to a cheetah.
this unique flower features purple-pink petals and polka dots along them.
this flower features a purple bell shaped petal containing white and brown pattern on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower shown has petals with white spots on them
these bell shaped flowers have petals which are purple and white.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has bell shaped purple petals with white spots.
a flower with long petals that are purple with specks and curled outward.
this flower has many different blossoms, all in the shape of bells, that are purple in color with spotting on the inside.

this flower has a dark red petal and stamen that are bright red in color
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped and skinny.
these bright red flowers have thin clustered petals.
this flower has red unusual shaped petals to it.
this pink flower looks like it has small petals that are barely noticeable because it has what looks like multiple pollen tubes.
this flower has thin and protruding red petals atop a thick pointed stem.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
these red flowers have red pedals and a lower dark receptacle and sepals.
this flower has spiky red petals in multiple rows and spiky purple sepals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curled and ruffled.

this flower has a bright yellow center surrounded by deep indigo petals which are heart shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with a yellow center
the petals are separated and the outer part is purple in color while the inside is yellow.
this flower has a single layer of purple rounded petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are blue with yellow centers.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
bright purple flowers with a yellow center the petals are heart shaped.
the dark blue petals heavily contrast the bright yellow center.
this flower has petals that are purple and a yellow center

the flower is bright red in color with black details on the petals.
the flower has red colored petals that are oval in shape with larger anthers
this flower has wide red petals with slight dark brown linear accents.
the flower shown has red petals with orange and dark purple markings
this flower is red in color, with petals that are striped black.
a flower with bright red petals and stripes of black.
this flower has overlapping layers of bright red petals with dark brown accents.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
this vibrant flower is a beautiful deep red with contrasting black lines.
this flower has petals that are red and have black lines

this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are very skinny and ovals.
the flower has petals that are yellow, soft, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of stamen
the flower has bright yellow skinny petals and black stemans.
the petals are narrow and bright yellow and the stamen is dark brown and forms a perfect circle.
this flower has a single layer of thin yellow petals with a dark rounded center.
black thick inner stamen with long thin yellow petals
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this yellow flower has 13 narrow petals and a round brown center.
this flower has long yellow petals with a ribbed texture arranged in a single layer around a dark center disk.

this is a flower head with a purple fluffy top and a spiny ball just under that.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has long needle-like purple petals that sit above a prickly and sharp receptacle.
a purple spikey type flower on top of a prickly green pedicel with white webbing.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
this flower has petals as well as a stamen. petals are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has a stringy, purple top above a spiky, green base.
a flower with long and narrow pistil that is purple.
this flower is green and purple in color, with very sharp petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward over the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
a bright yellow petaled flower in a bowl shape and a medium length stem.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and curled around the center.
the petals on this flower round each other and basically form a ball, stem leaves resemble mug-wort.
a flower with cluster folded inward yellow petals and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
a thick green pedical supports the bright yellow petals of this flower.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
the petals are white and pink, while the stamen is bright green and oblong-shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
petals are white purple in color,inner petalsa re needle shaped
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large pink and white petals with a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this blue purple and white flower has pointed petals and green stamen.
a dull colored pinwheel shaped flower with a large green stigma.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
the flower has yellow petals and stamen and pistil that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red patch and long style
the petals on this flower are yellow with red in the center.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and forming disc shape
this flower has five large round yellow petals with a red center and ruffled edges.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are orange near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
this bright yellow flower has distinctive red splotches with strips growing out of it, and a tall pistil structure with round orange anthers on top.
this five petal flower is entirely yellow with red in the center, and a stigma that has little ball shaped textures on the tip.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are very sall.
this flower is unique because it has many curls and overlapping petals.
this flower is small and pale yellow with a dark center and has purple leaves surrounding it.
this flower has petals that are purple with white flowery stigma
this flower has the outer row of three purple petals surrounding the row of tiny white petals holding the stamen inside
the petals of the flower are purple in color with smaller flowers that are white in color.
this flower has purple petals that have a flowery stigma
the flower has purple heart shaped petals with a smaller white flower in the center that has a white stigma.
this flower has bright purple sepals with pointed tips and comparatively small white petals.
this flower is purple and white in color, with very small petals.

a bulb beige stigma accompanied by triangular white shaped smooth petals.
a white flower with five petals fused at the base to form a bowl-like structure that holds yellowish pistil.
the pretty flower has large with petals that look like some kind of horn.
the flower has a narrow tube, but widens into a flared mouth, and has green sepal and white petal
the petals are bright white and the pistil is prominently on display.
five white pointed petals with a white pistil make up this flower.
this flower has thin green pedicel and a five-pointed star shaped blossom with smooth white petals.
this flower has five white pointed petals with a center stamen of light yellow.
a beautiful flower with white petals and a white stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has a small style

this flower has deep yellow, round petals with delicate veining and a cluster of matching yellow stamen.
a flower with a large rounded yellow petals, and central orange and yellow stamen.
this flower has a large yellow petal with a lot of yellow stamen and anthers
the rounded golden petals are interupted by a stray long leaf.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edge.
this flower has petals that are bright yellow with a hint of orange.
this flower has yellow petals and yellow stamen that are loosely clustered.
this flower has small bright yellow petals with a slightly crinkled texture.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
bright yellow overlapping petals with similar colored clustered matchstick stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow flower steman
this flower has tiny white blossoms surrounded by pointed pink petals which appear veined and leaflike.
a flower with purple petals and a big stigma in the center.
this flower has large purple petals and two stigma in the center
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a very light pink petal with five star yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small and have a star on them.
this flower has thin, pointed pink leaves with veins surrounding white blossoms.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma

this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by numerous long, thin white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
a flower with white petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has long thin white petals with a lot of yellow anthers in the center
long and narrow white petals with a bright yellow pistil and light brown pedicel.
this flower has long white petals with oval shaped edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the beautiful white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner around a bunch of yellow stamens
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petal that is white.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the petals are shell shaped and are also white because of how they form there is no visible pistil
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has petals that are white and ruffled together
a flower with sea shell shaped white petals with crinkles running through them.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are very thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and are folded together
this particular flower has petals that are short and round with white
this flower has large, pure white petals curved in an upwards direction and a long, firm brown pedicel.
these flowers have large white shell shaped petals, with smooth edges.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the petals of this flower are purple with white dots.
the flower has a long curved pedicel that is dark brown colored.
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
these flowers bend downwards, and have purple petals that have a pattern of small circles covering them.
this flower has purple petals that have pink dots all over them
this flower is bent, with large multicolored petals protecting the pistil and stamen from the elements.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are curled down ward.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thick and separately arranged around the pedicel forming bowl like shape and facing towards the ground

leaves are green in color,flowers are laternate and are purple light in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the insides.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
the petals on this flower are purple with brown and white dots.
a group purple bell shaped flowers with a black and white dots.
the flower has pink petals that are soft, smooth and fused forming bell shape with dark pink spots in the inner surface
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has purple petals shaped like bells with white and dark purple spots inside.

many smooth spoon shaped white petals create an open ball shaped flower with clusters of yellow stamen in the center.
this water flower has many white petals surrounding a center of yellow filaments.
these white flowers have densely packed long, white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has numerous yellow stamen surrounded by several layers of pointed white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has layers of white petals which are upturned with pointed tips.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and numerous stamen.
this white flower has many layered pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has white petals with layers and yellow stamen

the flower has petals that are pointed, pink, and burgundy with a large pink center.
this flower has a prominent purplish ovary surrounded by green stamens and pointed maroon and white petals.
this flower has petals that are red with pink tips
the flower shown has purple and white petals and white pistil
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with pink petals and the leaves are green
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has a wide white and pink center surrounded by spiked red petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pointy tips

toothy stamen with orange tips and brown centers are surrounded by thin, pink petals.
this flower is pink and brown in color, with petals that are long and drooping.
this large purple flower has thin droopy petals and a thick rounded center.
upon first looking at this flower the pistil sticks out immediately, a small ball shaped spikey brownish-red, the petals are pink and angle downward from the pistil.
this light purple flower has downturned petals and a large, protruding stamen.
this flower has round brown centers and down-turned thin pink petals.
the petals of this flower are long and pink and the pistil is big round and orange
the petals on these flowers are pink, thin, long and pointy
this flower has a ring configuration of long pink petals with pointed ends.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

a flower with flat pink petals and cluster of yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has short yellow stamen in the middle of wrinkly broad flat purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the bright pink petals of this flower surround bright yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly light magenta in color and the inner stamen is the color bold yellow.
this flower has wide pink petals with rounded edges and vertical striations.

this cone shaped white blossom wraps around a yellow stigma.
this flower is white and red in color, and has a single petal.
this unique flower has one large tubular petal and a thick stamen.
the flower has white petals with a red and yellow stigma.
a one petal flower that is white with a cluster of yellow anther filaments in the center.
this flower has a single white petal and a yellowish stigma.
this flower has one white petal that has a yellow style
this flower has one round and pointed white petal with a light red center.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and pink center with a large thick white petal.
a flower with one petal that curls around the pollen tube.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
this flower has red and pink petals with yellow anther as its main features
a group of peach and pink flowers with red anther filaments and large stigmas.
largr prominent pistil with many stamens and flowers are one red and the other pink
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
there are orange and pink pedals with a red stigma covered in yellow dots.
this flower has petals that are pink and red and has a flowery stigma
the petals of this flare are pink and salmon and the pistil is long and yellow
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are red on one flower and white on the other.

the flower shown has several purple petals that droop downwards.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
the wide, curled petals of this flower are a light purple which graduates to almost white at the base.
this flower has several overlapping layers of wide soft purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower has wide and very delicate purple petals which are soft and slightly veined.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that were thin and wavy.
the purple petals of this flower form a swirling pattern.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and has crumpled edges

flayed deep blue petals with soft pink in center where a white pistil is revealed.
the flower has petals that are blue with a bright pink center.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are connected.
the petals on this flower are purple surrounding a white center.
the flower petals are bright blue in color with an inner part of the flower white in c9lor
a simple trumpet shaped lavender and deep blue bloom with no visible stamen or pistil.
the flat petaled blue flower stems from a vine.
this flower is blue and pink in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this vibrant blue flower looks as if a light is shining from the middle.
a flower with a wide petal that curls outwards and is blue.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very small
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are unsymmetrical.
these exotic flowers have deep red pointed petals that bloom out into yellow once they have aged.
this flower features stacked maroon and yellow petals in a cone shape.
this flower has small yellow petals and red pistil as its main features
long dark brown flowers that are tall in size and has yellow pedals on it.
this flower has small yellow petals on a brown pedicel.
this flower has thick dark red stems holding thin pale yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red tips
the petals of the flower are dark red and have a broad green leaf.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled over the center.
this flower has many rows of yellow petals arranged and closed inside and stand on a green pedicel
the pedicel holds the flowers which are opening up and are yellow.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has closed layers in the centre and loose open layer in the outer most region
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
the flower has several bright yellow petals still not fully bloomed.
{}
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this flower has bright yellow petals that form a ball shape.
a yellow flower with multiple layers of yellow petals on a green sepal.

a flower with folded inward green sepal and two large orange petals.
this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are points at the tips.
the flower has an orange and blue petal as well as a green sepal
the tropical flower is pointed in shape and has a bright orange bloom.
the flower has a few thick and sharp orange colored petals.
this flower has long and very pointed petals in bright hues of orange and indigo.
this flower is orange, blue, and green in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are red and are very small
a flower with long and pointed petals that is orange.
this flower has orange petals, and a pink and green pedicle along with a purple pollen tube.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is big in size and the stamen are yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with layers and yellow stamen
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming a bowl shape in many layers
this flower has pink and white petals in a cup-like formation.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this tube shaped trumpet like flower has conjoined petals in shades of ivory blending into pale pink.
the petals on this flower are pink with brown and white dots.
this flower has pink to yellow petals with spots inside the petals.
the flowers are upside down and are spotted from the inside.
this plant has many trumpet shaped flowers grouped together with spotted pink petals.
a flower with connected petals that are light pink with brown speckles.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has purple and yellow petals with purple spots.
this flower has soft pink and white petals facing downwards with brown speckled spots inside.

this flower has petals that are red and very thin
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
a small red flower with tiny red petals surrounded white stamen.
the petals are bright red and spiked outward like spines.
the flower has many petals that are dark red and form a comb.
a large group of red flowers that a long vertically.
this flower is a long cluster of tiny red petals on a broad leafy green base.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the bright red petals are clustered in a tall cylinder shape and the sepals are pointed and green.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy in appearance.

a tiny bright yellow flower with yellow filament and anthers.
the flower has bright yellow petals that face upwards and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen and green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center and small upturned yellow petals with rounded edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded upwards
the flower has five yellow round petals and yellow stamen.
four bright yellow circular petals surrounding a brighter yellow stamen.

the flower has a large white petal and a white pollen tube and stigma
the trumpet shaped flower has delicate white petals and a small thin white and green stamen.
green leaves surround the large white petals which engulf the protruding stamen and stigma of this flower.
this unique flower is shaped like a pentagon and has white petals.
the trumpet-shaped white petal of this bloom surrounds a pale green style and a white style and is nestled in a bed of pointed dark green leaves with white veins.
this flower has white petal shaped like a pentagon and long white stamen.
this flower has white petals that open to reveal long white stamen.
this flower has a large white petals with a white stamen.
this flower has pure white petals, a green ovule, white anther filaments, and grey leaves with white veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has a short style

this flower has petals that are white with purple spots and purple stigma.
this flower has six white petals that are covered with purple spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower is very unique with petals that are white and have purple spots throughout, surrounding a pistel and stamen with the same spots on a purple base.
this flower is white with brown speckles on it's pointy widely spaced petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the petals of the flower have a distinctive spotted pattern throughout the petal leaves.
a white petals flower with purple dot and the leaves are green
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this is a flower with white and purple spots on the petals.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the petals are broad and thin at the edges, and the petals and stamen are purple.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink stamen
this flower has vibrant purple flowers in a cluster with long pinkish stamens.
bright pink flowers, clustered in three with ruffled petals and curved stamen.
this trumpet shaped flower has bright purple petals and long purple stamens
this flower has purple petals as well as a pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has ruffled edges
the flower has bright pink petals with pink filaments, and white anthers.

this flower has red petals, yellow anther and filament, and light-colored sepal and pedicel.
the pink flower has curled pink petals that are formed from a tubular receptacle.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower features a long orangeish red petals emerging in a bell pattern.
a single, long, tubular, orange petal splays out into many tips which are more red on the inside and create a tubular structure.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has a tube-like appearance with a light orange receptacle and rounded pink petals.
the flower has red petals that are in the shape of a trumpet.
this flower has wide bright red petals with smooth and rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading

the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has dark red petals which are its dominant feature
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow stamen and overlapping petals that are red on the top layer and pink on the bottom layer.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the stamens of the flower are a bright yellow color, and the petals are light pink and white throughout.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this pink and purple flower has many densely layered petals with yellow stamen.

a large and pink petal flower with a red pedicel.
a pink flower petals of which are pulled backwards to expose the small center with white stigma and stamens.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and the stem is thin and pink in color.
magenta petals sweep back behind this flower perched on an orange stem on this flower.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has smooth pink oblong petals sitting atop of straight red stems.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pink pedicel.
this flower has five bright pink fan shaped petals and a darker pink pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards

this flower has petals that are orange with touches of yellow
the flower has oval petals that have yellow at the bottom and pink in the top with a white outline.
this flower has thick creamy light orange and yellow petals with yellow pistil.
the flower has petals that are overlapping, with peach edges and yellow centers.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has different layers of pink petals that have a slight bit of yellow coloring near their base.
this flower has many light orange petals with yellow shading in the middle.
this flower has multiple rows of pink and yellow elongate pedals getting smaller closer to the pistil.

this light purple flower has an outer row of firm, triangular petals and the lavender colored stamen is almost like its own flower.
this flower has dark purple, spiky petals, and a very wide, fluffy purple center.
green and purple petals crowd around the center long lengthed stigmas with purple and pink colors.
the ovary of the plant opens up to purple petals that are short and brushy.
this flower is purple and red in color, with petals that are pointed and sharp.
this flower has spiny hard petals protecting a delicate purple interior.
this flower has red petals that have long and stringy purple stamen
a flower with long and narrow purple pistals.
this flower has spikey, triangularly-shaped petals which fade from light green to deep pink.
this flower has blue petals as well as a purple sepal.

this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has small yellow petals with brown streaks on them
the flower shown has small yellow and white petals with green pedicel
the flower has white and yellow petals and a very small pistil.
this flower is white, yellow and purple in color, and has petals that have stripes
this flower has five multicolored petals that are in varying shades of white, purple, and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
the petals on this flower are yellow and white and the pedicel is brown
a flower with short and wide petals that are white and yellow.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a purple and yellow flower with rounded petals and a small group of stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with a yellow center
this flower has petals that are purple with shades of white
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals and a yellow center leading to the interior.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are light and dark purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has smoothly textured petals with rounded edges that are purple and white.

this purple and white flower has dark spots on the inside of the bell shaped petals.
this flower has ovular purple petals as its main feature.
the petals on this flower are purple with white and brown spots.
this flower has pink petals that form cups and droop downwards with brown spots inside.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a long pale pink trumpet shape with a wide mouth.
this flower has pink cone-shaped petals with dark spots leading to the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
a bell shaped flower with dark brown speckles at it's center with light green sepal.
this flower has a lot of light purple petals with darker speckles on the inside.

flower with white and purple speckled petals on a green leafy stem
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have speckles on the inside of the bloom.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has purple light colored petals that create a hallow section where the stamen is located.
this flower has brownish red spots inside and one horn-shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted purple with tube shape.
a flower with a long petal that is purple with dark spots.
the beautiful bell shaped pink flower has fused petals that are soft, smooth and has dark pink spots in the inner surface
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.

this flower has small white petals with yellow anthers on the inside of it
the flower has several big and round white petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and have short steman
the flowers are overlapping and are white in color with rounded petals and yellow anthers
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals with rounded edges and a smooth texture that are white in color.
this flower has wide, very smooth white petals with rounded edges.
these flowers have small delicate white petals with yellow stamen in the center of them.
these flowers have white petals that form a hood around the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches

blue petals fading into a white ovule
a blue flower with large petals, and a white center.
the flower has a brilliant blue petal very large and round with white in the middle
wide blue flower with a deep white center.
this flower possesses a set of vibrant blue petals and lighter center.
this blue and white flower has wavy petals and a dark green pedicel.
the deep blue petals form a narrow vase shape and fan outwards towards the edges.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
this flower has very smooth and wide conjoined blue petals with a pale white center.
this beautiful flower has wide sky blue petals with a bright, glowing white style.

this flower has petals that are white and peach with white filaments.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have small veins.
the petals are light yelloww colored with white colored filamnent and large green anthers
this flower has peach petals with shite stripes and long thing white stamen with green tips.
this flower has a light pink petal, a long white stamen, and yellow anthers on it
the coral colored petals extend out horizontally along with the long and slender stamen that curl upwards.
this flower has peach petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
there are fine red and white stripes on pointed petals, and stamen with white filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower has pink and white petals with very prominent white stamen and stigma.

a flower with white petals and light anther filaments and pistils.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled.
a flower that has white petals and a green center with white filaments
this flower has one petal that is circular and protects the stigma and stamens.
this flower features a set of wavy, white petals and yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are severely arched, and have stamens that are of a light green color.
this flower has a green ovary, thin stamen, and a large white petal with curled edges.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
this flower has a large connected white petal with a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has a single petal with it being red in color.
this flower has large pink petals and a long pink stigma in the center of it
this flower has petals that are pink with big style
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has a pink shiny petal with a lavender long stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple style
this flower is pink in color, and has only one large petal.
this deep red flower has a single petal with distinct veining and a glossy appearance, and a thick rounded tip pistil.
this flower has a tall, upright light purple pistil with a single large pink petal.

the flower is so big and has petals that are pink, soft, smooth and separately arranged around bunch of stamen
a flower with bright pink thin petals and central cluster of orange and green stamen
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this is a flower with a brown pistil and long pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a green pedicel, green filament with orange anther within the stamen, and purple petals.
this is a pink flower with long and thin petals and many orange stamens
a long pedaled purple flower with a large stigma.
this pink flower has pointed leaves and a green pedicel.

the flower has petals that are yellow and shaped like a sphere.
this flower has abundant yellow petals that nearly cover the green pistil.
this rounded flower has numerous small ruffled petals in shades of yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
hundreds of petals form a pom pom structure at the top of a relatively long pedicel.
this flower has many small yellow petals that are really close together providing the dense texture of this flower.
this flower has a ball-like appearance that is made up of a large number of very small and wrinkled yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are very small and yellow in color.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.

the violet petals of this flower are in the process of wilting.
the flower has a think purple petal with a purple ovary
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wilted in appearance.
light purple feathers wrinkled, with 6 per flower and a deep cone in the center housing the organs
vivid purple petals that point up towards the sky, but then fan and flatten out at the top of the flower.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are a light purple color with shades of white throughout the petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a small style
this flower has a trumpet shaped petal that has rounded edges and is light purple in color.

this is a red flower with many petals and yellow stigma.
layers of bright scarlet, oval petals lie smoothly around a brown pistil with a ring of yellow stamen.
a flower with bright red petals and yellow pistils in the center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a darker center and layers of bright red petals.
two layers of red petals and a ovule covered in yellow stamen describe this flower best.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has a three rows of red petals with yellow stamen.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading and yellow stamen
the bowl shaped white flower has petals that are soft, thin and separately arranged around yellow stamens
a flower with stacked broad white petals and central cluster of yellow and orange stamen
seven rounded white petals surround the yellow cluster of pistils at the center of this bloom.
this flower has rounded white petals that overlap to form a bowl-like shape.
the bowl shaped white flower has petals that are soft and separately arranged around yellow stamens
small off white petals overlapping one another to surround the many small stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has small yellow stamen and wide overlapping white petals with rounded edges.

this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
the flower shown has green mossy pedicel with small purple petals
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the pedicel and the sepal of the flower are visible.
this is a strange flower with pink petals and brown stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled up and drooping.
this flower has long, pointed purple petals and white and purple stamen.
this flower has a lot of thin and spiky purple petals.
this frilly lavender flower has lots of petals with anther that also appear as petals.
this is a flower many long curvy petals surrounding a darker maroon stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
dark red petals white middle green leaves
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has a vertical pink layer of chevron patterned petals.
this predominately red flower also has shades of pink on the inside of its long, thin petals.
the flower has long, thin, bright red petals that grow vertically in a tower shape and cover the pistol.
this flower has petals that are red and has many layers

this strange looking flower has polka dots on its petals with long stems in the middle
the flower petals are long pale lavender with deep purple spots and a lavender and white stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
small flower white pointy petals which are white in color having purple spots and similar colored style
this is a white flower with purple spots and a purple stigma.
this flower has sparse white petals with purple spots and pointed edges.
this flower has white and purple spotted pedals with the same colored stamen.
this flower has six very white petals with purple spots and pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple spots
a small flower, with long thin pedals, light blue in color, with small darker blue spots.

this flower has petals that are purple with a flowery yellow stigma
this is a large flower with purple and white petals and orange stigma.
a flower with long green and white striped sepals under large purple and white striped petals surrounding a bright yellow-orange pistil.
this flower has concave purple and white patterned petals, a cluster of deep gold stamen, and long blade-like leaves.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has purple and white petal with a yellow stigima in it
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and white petals with purple veins.
this white and purple flower has rounded petals and bright orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this drooping flower has long petals in shades of mottled plum.
this flower has a dark red petal that is curved downwards
this flower has petals that are purple with white spots
this flower is black and red in color, with petals that are curved down word.
this large, drooping flower has dark purple petals and a stamen and pistil that are not visible while it's turned down.
this flower has petals that are purple and is hanging downwards
dark purple flowers with lighter purple spots with green pedicels.
this particular flower has petals that are dark red and wilted
the big flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in inverted bell like shape supported by green pedicel
this flower is dark purple in color, and has petals that are curved downward and oval shaped.

the flower shown has white petals and several white filaments.
these white flowers have sparse petals and stamens that are pointing downward.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with white stammen
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have long thin green stems.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has long stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the white petals are teardrop shaped and the stamen are thin with yellow anther.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this light pink flower has pointed petals with green leaves that come to a point as well.
this flower has petals that are pink and upright with yellow anthers.
the petals are a light pink color, and the filaments are yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow stamen
this flower has pink skinny petals with yellow stamen and green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a vibrant magenta bloom with multiple layers of long thin pointed petals in a star pattern surrounding a bright yellow array of stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are long and pointy with pink and yellow

this is a flower that has many bright red petals and yellow anthers.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have yellow anthers in the center.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright red, and yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and have yellow stamen
a vivid red bloom with two layers of overlapping slightly pointed oval petals, a wide deep red ovule and small bright yellow stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright red.

the flower shown has orange-yellow petals as its main feature.
a cluster of flowers with orange petals and white anther filaments.
the flower shown has yellow petals with white stamen and purple sepal
this flower has petals that are orange with large stemen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower has bright orange petals with red veins running through them.
this flower has rounded petals that are varying shades of yellow and orange.
this flower has petals that are orange and has green stamen
this flow has a small bunch of stigma's in the center with two to four bright orange petals.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.

this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower has a rounded brown center surrounded by long yellow petals with slightly pointed tips.
a flower with small yellow petals and blackish pistils in the middle.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
there are many long and thin bright yellow petals surrounding a black or dark brown stamen.
a flower with long yellow petals that bend backwards which surround a black ovule.
this flower has a rounded brown center and long, thin yellow petals.
this flower has long narrow petals of bright yellow standing away from a black center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has long and slightly pointed bright yellow petals in a ray-like configuration.

this flower has purple small circular tubes in a heap shaped in a corn like fashion.
oval shaped cylindrical blue to violet petals hang down from a long pedicel in a circular pattern.
this flower features a group of small purple buds with a white border. arranged in a cone form.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
the flower is composed of blue berries and is arranged on a green stalk.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has very small purple blossoms with delicately ruffled white mouths.
this flower has small, purple ball-shaped petals with white tips.

a flower with no visible petals and purple pistils in the center.
this flower has petals in the shape of a ball and are very thorny
this flower has long purple stamen and no visible petals in sight
this flower has a spiky bulbous mound from which protrudes a hairy fringe of bright purple petals.
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has pointed petals with spikes all over them attached to green pedicels.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
the flowers is made like a ball with sticky points on them
this flower has a dome-like configuration of very thin spiky purple petals.

the flowers has many anthers color yellow that are on filaments.
this flower has large white petals and a lot of yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has thick white petals and many yellow stamen with thin pad leaves.
this flower has fringed yellow stamen surrounded by several layers of wide white petals with tapered edges.
white, lilly flower, with many petals, going around , building up to the middle, where there are lots of bright yellow stamens, this all site on a green lilly pad.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of pointed white petals.
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around yellow stamens in bowl like manner in different layers
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the flower shown has a large red petal with red and yellow anther
this flower has a long red pistil surrounded by five wide rounded red petals.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are orange with flowery stigma
this light pink flower has rounded petals and a red pistil with a yellow stigma
this bright orange flower has five large, round petals and a long, thin pistil.
this flower has large orange petals and a long orange style.
this is a pink flower with a long prominent pistil and yellow filament.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow style

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with open yellow white and orange petals and central orange stamen cluster
this flower has many rows of pink petals shaded with yellow at the end with the yellow stamens at the center
this flower has petals that are orange with a hint of yellow
the petals of this flower are yellow-red, and they grow in a series of layers.
this flower has large orange petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a peach tint on them
a group of yellow and pink flower and a green leaves.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.

a flower with a single large pink petal and towering pink pistil
this is a flower that has a large pink petal and a long pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with big style
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower's petal resembles a long, thick leaf, but pink, and has a large hot-dog shaped structure at its core.
this flower has pink petals, green pedicel and pink pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big style
this pinkish-red flower has a large heart shaped petal and long slender protruding stigma.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green leaves.
this flower has petals that are dark pink and dark pink stamen.
the flower has many pink petals that are round and jagged at the ends.
the flower shown has pink petals and several white anther.
the flower has small pink petals with jagged edges and long, thin, white filaments with white anther.
this flower has bright pink petals with many white stamen poking from the center.
this flower has five pink petals whose edges are slightly serrated.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen

several yellow petals speckled with a light red, and one large tongue-like petal extending from the bottom.
this flower has a single layer of large peach and yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has a disfigured shape with yellow and orange colors on its petals.
the petals on this flower are orange with yellow fringes.
this flower has large and waxy orange petals with mottled yellow sides.
this green and red flower has rounded petals and purple pistils.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
the flower has wavy round petals that are pink with yellow edges.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this is a flower that has petals that are pink on the inside and white toward the edges.
white and purple flowers with white and purple petals and long white and green stamen.
this flower has purple petals with white edges on it and white stamen in the middle
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, violet and separated with the stamen sticking out from their centre
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are light around the edges.
this flower has pink petals that have white around the edges
a flower with short and wide petals that are purple with white edging.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue with purple and yellow shadinfg
the flower has blue petals with a purple and white stigma.
this flower has large light blue petals and a white stamen in the middle
the flower is blue with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around clustered stamens
this periwinkle flower has pointed ellipse shaped petals, and a large receptacle in the middle
this is a very large flower, light blue in color, with large pedals.
this light blue flower has pointy petals and a fuzzy center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white stamen
this flower has a flat petals with pointed tips that are light blue in color.

the flowers has tiny petals arranged in several layers, with uneven borders.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers and thin
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny and long.
the flower has many small petals that are overlapping and yellow.
this flower has various layers of petals which are thin and tooth like with yellow filaments and anthers in the center
this yellow flower has many thin, somewhat long, yellow petals
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has many clustered yellow petals, thin stamen, and a hidden pistil.
this flower has very thin bright yellow petals that are slightly rectangular in shape and arranged in several layers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

this flower is many small flower heads clustered in a ball shape and the colour is a deep orange.
the flower has a large quantity of small red petals.
a profusion of deep orange petals ruffled together protecting organs of the same shade.
this flower has clusters of orange petals that form a dome around the ovule.
a flower having bright orange petals clustered together
these densely packed flowers are a uniform orangish-red in densely layered, delicated petals and stamen with multiple blooms arranged like a bouquet.
this flower has a cluster of small red blossoms comprised of smooth rounded petals.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has red petals that are all bunched together
a flower with petals that are wide and short and red.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have veins.
sepals rae green in color,petals are rounded nad light purple in color
this flower has one layer of white petals that sticks up and surrounds the rest of the flower.
this flower has small white petals and no visible outer stamen or stigma
green sepal supporting several rounded white petals with light purple vertical lines in them.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that have purple veins.
these petals are long, rounded, and white in color with light purple veins up the length of the petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple lines
there are white and purple pedals shaped like downward facing water drops. the leaves are long and thin blades like grass.
the petals on this flower are light purple and the pedicel is green

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around stamens in many layers
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this is a pink flower with petals on different levels and yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has smooth rounded red petals surrounding thin yellow stamen.
this flower has rows of pink with white tipped petals and yellow tipped anthers.
the light pink petals have pink veins and the stamen are tiny and yellow.
this flower has long pink filaments with yellow anthers and layers of loosely arranged pink petals that are consistent in color.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this is a flower with a large pistil and long pointed pink petals.
this flower has pink and white anther with small pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by overlapping layers of long, pointed pink petals.
this pink flower has dense many layered pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has a couple of layers of thin oblong pink petals.
a flower with two layers of narrow pink petals that wrap around a ovule with many pink stamen on it's outer edge.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.

this flower houses red petals and a similarly colored center.
the petals on this flower are reddish in color with no clear stamen.
the flower shown has red petals along with green sepal and pedicel
this green plant has pink salmon colored petals and buds ready to open.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are small and round.
this particular flower has petals that are dark orange and small
a flower with long and pointed petals that are red.
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has multiple red shell shape petals with a darker spots near the stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

this flower has a thin and long white petal and a lot of yellow anther filaments
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and flat on the ends.
this flower has petals that are narrow and white with a yellow stigma.
this flower has numerous long rectagular white petals with a bright yellow center.
this quaint flower has rectangular white petals that are slightly spaced out with a large yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and curled.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow center with multiple yellow anthers and the multiple flower petals are thin long and white .
this flower has whiet petals that are thin and has yellow stamen
this flower has thin white petals with a large yellow pistil.

the petals on this flower are pink with long stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and very small
this is a simple pink flower with downward protruding white stamen and a long white tipped stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the purple petals of this flower surround a pistil of long white to pink filaments and anthers.
this flower has bright pink sepals on a very thin green stem and a sparse arrangement of light pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has long stamen
this flower has small pink and white petals surrounding white stamen and a white and pink pollen tube.
this flower has five petals of magenta shaded to white in center with long filaments at center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.

several medium-sized, leaf-like purple petals with white stringy stamen and yellowish green anthers.
this flower has petals that are lavender, with white filaments, and lavender anthers.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen
this flower has white stamen surrounded by wide, pointy-tipped purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals, white pistil and green pedicel.
this flower has a wheel-shaped arrangement of light purple petals with a layer of white filaments.

the flower has light green petals and spiky purple petals as well.
this flower has thick star shaped white petals as its main feature.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a group of green sepals surround some long thin purple to white petals with a large group of green to yellow stamen and a large brown stigma and green style.
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower that thick whit petals and a large pistil with red colored stigmas.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
sepal is grey in color and petals radiate out from very large dark purple pistil, being dark purple closest to the center of the flower then white and blue as they radiate outward.
this flower has a bottom layer of oblong white petals followed by a flat layer of bright blue filaments and upright stamen and pistils.

a flower with green pedicel and a massive conical petal with white stamen cluster at the center
flower has petals that are white with small points and white stamen.
the petal on this flower is a whole one that isn't separated and a visible pistil in the middle
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
this flower is white in color, with petals that are thin and wavy.
the flower has one large white, trumpet shaped petal with white filaments, and white anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and makes a satellite shape
this flower has conjoined white petals which are soft and very smooth.
white color flower with alternating green leaves and green pedicel

this flower has long yellow petals with a black ball at the top
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the flower contains many petals with a rounded black center.
the flower shown has yellow petals which is its dominant feature
this flower is black and yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has droopy yellow petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has a ring of long, thin, pointed yellow petals and a dark brown/black center.
this flower contains a single row of elongated yellow petals that surround a darker stamen.

this flower is lavender in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has several large pale purple petals with slightly ruffled edges.
these flowers are indigo and have wrinkled edges around the petals, which cover the central pistel and stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
a purple flower with thick fleshy pedicel, and its corolla has broad petals and the inner petals are curled to protect the pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled edges
the petals of the flower are blue in color with stems that are green in color.
a flower with light purple petals that stem from a light green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored.
the purple petals are ruffled and the sepals are long, thin, and green.

the flower shown has smooth white and yellow egg like petals
this flower has petals that are yellow with white trim
the flowers have thick white petals that have yellow middles.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow and white with a short stigma
these lovely flowers have yellow rounded petals that fade into white.
the petals of the flower have a distinctive pattern throughout, and various shades of white and yellow.
each flower has five to six petals overlapping each other, starting as yellow towards the center of the flower and becoming white toward the tips of the petals.
this flower has five very smooth rounded white petals with yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

the petals on this flower are purple with a white stamen.
this flower has purple petals, light purple anther and filament, and white pollen tube and stigma.
this flower has the lavender color petals with the numerous stamens arranged in between the petals
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
multi shades of purple pedals with a white middle and long green stem
this flower has soft and smooth petals which are rounded and pale lilac in color.
large with and light purple stigma moving to darker purple petals that droop downwards
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
light purple flower with wiling petals
this flower has light purple petals arranged around a large white center with lots of stamen.

the flower has needle shaped closely arranged petals
the flower has many small yellow petals with a green pedicel
this flower has multiple layers of long, very thin yellow petals.
a fringe of small, enlongated, delicate yellow petals with a hemisphere of yellow stamen forming a perfect small yellow half globe.
this flower is bright yellow and has no leaves on the stem.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has layers of long, very thin yellow petals and thin yellow hairs.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has a dense set of thin yellow leaves and long stamens.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this is a flower with ruffled orange petals on it.
the petals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are orange with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and folded together
this flower has layers of wide pale orange petals with smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower has creamy orange petals that are curled around the center.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has light orange petals and a earth red toned pedicel

the petals of the tropical flower are yellow in color and extend from a green stem.
beautiful bird of paradise flower that is used in many spanish inspired art peices
the pointed cluster of erect yellow petals of this flower burst above a thick erect green stalk.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower shown has spiky yellow petals with green pedicel
the petals of this flower are yellow and spiky and the sepals are green and spiky.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and are pointed in shape with a thick green stalk.
this flower has a long light green stem and leaf at the top, and yellow and orange petals.

the flower shown has white pistil surrounded by green and pinkish petals
outer petals are greewn in color,inner petals are white pink in color
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
this flower is white and tan in color, and has petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has white stamen, green anther filaments and green and white petals.
this bloom has a thick sharp looking pistil and is surrounded by dark brown stubby petals.
this flower has a wide white and green dome-like center surrounded by a ring of pointed petals.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flower shown has yellow petals and orange anthers as its main feature.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by layers of tapered yellow petals.
the flower sepals are green,the petals are yellow in color
this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has an outer ring of mid-toned yellow petals and large, flat, deep green leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange center
this flower has bright yellow petals surrounding a large center of orange and brown.
this flower has many bright yellow petals that are pointed at the ends.
this flowers ovary is orange and pedals are soft to touch, bright yellow in color.

the flower has sparse pink petals that are thin and small.
this flower has white petals and a white stigma, and it was pink before it bloomed.
flowers are alternately arranged nag d are light pink in color
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigmas
this flower is red and pink in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red tips
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a number of pale pink petals on a greenish red stem.
this white flower has pointed petals and white stamen with white anthers.
this flower has small pink petals and small white stamens.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with dark green pedicel
the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and folded together
this flower has petals that are white and are folded upwards
this flower has large and very smooth white petals which bend backwards.
this flower has long white petals that are slightly pointed at the end
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has white petals that turn halfway around in the middle.
this flower has white petals that turn halfway around in the middle.

white petals with purple middle green leaves
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has one solid white petal and cream colored stamen.
this flower has a small number of wide white petals and yellow anther on purple filaments.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has a rounded star shape of soft and conjoined white petals.
this flower is white with connected petals and tiny green filament with yellow and white anther.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small purple petals and yellow pistil as its main features
the flower has pink petals with a yellow stigma and yellow stamen.
the flower shown has purple petals and a purple center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
flowers in the wild; vibrant pink thin petals and the pistil in the middle has bright yellow anthers
this flower has an indigo center and long purple petals with round edges.
the beautiful purple flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner with a bunch of stamens in the center
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
this flower is rose shaped and has overlapping petals and a green stem.
this flower has soft, overlapping soft pink petals that wrap around from the inside.
the pink petals of this flower are lush and arranged in layers.
this flower has smooth pink petals that are wrapped together.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and closely wrapped around the center.
the flower has large pink petals with a thick pedical.
there are many ruffled vibrant pink rounded petals blooming from a bud with no visible stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has an array of different purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has short small purple petals and no visible stigma in the middle
the flower has oval shaped smaller petals that are purple in color and are needle shpaed
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is green
this flower is made up of many five needle sized lavender petals that have a star shape.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has blue petals as well as a blue stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a yellow stamen with cluster of filament and anther and dark green stem and leaves.
this flower has yellow pistil and yellow petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow flowery stigma
this flower has large yellow petals and yellow stamen in the middle of it
this flower has a single row of pale yellow petals and an identically colored style and pistil.
this flower has five yellow petals, a protruding yellow stamen, and green leaves.
this flower has yellow petals and has a big flowery style
this yellow flower has four large petals and one small petal.
this soft yellow color flower has 5 petals and also has yellow inner stems. and green leaves

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
flower with many long white petals and yellow stamen
this flower has multiples rows of oval shaped white petals around a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals that overlap and has many yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are white in color and are layered in formation and the center is yellow.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of long rounded white petals.
this white flower has many layers of pointed petals and a yellow ovary.
this flower has thin white petals and a round yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a few layers of thin oblong white petals.

the flower has petals that are purple with purple filaments.
this flower has a purple petal and long yellow stamen with anthers on it
this petals on this flower are purple and attract butterflies.
the flower has a purple petal with white stamen and a green pedicel
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled
this purple flower has rounded petals and a dark brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a small style
this purple tree flower has wrinkled hexagonal petals that curve deeply into their receptacle.
this flower has bright green leaves, a green and brown stem and purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.

a flower with purple petals and purple pistils and anther filaments.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink with white near the center.
this medium pink flower has waxy leaves and light pink stamens inside.
this flower has pink petals that grow darker in color towards the outer edges, with thin pink stamen.
the petals on this flower are pink in color surrounding a pink pistil.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and pink and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has short stamen
the petals on this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
an open smooth petal flower on green, skinny stem and leaves.
this flower has bright pink petals with small white stamen and a pink pistil.

this flower has back bent purple petals with smooth edges and pointed tips.
the petals are light purple and point upward but there is also darker purple coloring at the base of the petals and the stamen is also purple.
this flower has petals that are pink with a purple patch
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are darker near the bottom.
the petals on this flower are small and purple in color
this flower has a brown stem and light purple petals with a deeper purple ovary.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with wavy and oval shaped petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a red pedicel.
this flower has back-bent pink petals growing back from a darker pink center.
the petals on this flower are mostly lavender in color.

this flower has big white petals and a green receptacle.
this flower has a set of bold, white petals and a delicate framework.
this odd flower has five large petals with a ovule and a receptacle in the center.
this flower has 5 snow white petals. the stigma is deep purple, and the center looks almost like an insect.
the pretty flower has really large white petals that looks big fans.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
this flower has petals that are white and has patches of pink
this white and red flower has rounded petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has five, white petals in a distinctive arrangement and uniquely shaped pistil.
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pistil.

petals are white in color,stamens are ,many and are yellow in color
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
yellow stigma with a green center with six white petals surrounding it
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
six star-like white rounded tip petals with long thin yellow stamen.
this flower has six oblong white petals with thin yellow stamen and a short yellow pistil.

the flower has pink and white petals with a green pedicel
there are multiple, pale, pink flowers with spindly, curved petals and a darker purple pistil.
this flower has purple upturned petals and dark purple stigma.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are curled up.
the petals of the flower are light pink and the pedicel is brownish green
this flower has pink petals, pink filaments and dark brown anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is horn shaped with long curly lavender petals and longer stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

this purple flower has large petals that curve towards themselves.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are round in shaped.
flower with lovely pink petals on a dark reddish stem.
this flower has pink petals, a deep purple pedicel and a deep purple sepal.
the flower has petals that are pink with purple centers.
this flower has pink petals on the outside of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curvy and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded upwards
this flower has light purple petals and a deep purple receptacle and stem.
this flower has deep purple petals that extend from a brown stem.

this is a four-petal flat blossom, with wide yellow petals with orange tips that form an orange center.
dark yellow clover type petals revealing a pale orange center and pistil.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are short and round.
this flower has a yellow colored petal and an orange stamen
this small flower has 4 yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has yellow peyal that have orange shading and yellow stamen
a flower with four petals that are dark yellow in the ccenter and bright yellow on the edge.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are white with many yellow stamen.
this is a flower with white and pink petals and many yellow anthers.
the pale pink flower has petals that are rounded with a point at top and with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower is floating in the water with the inside of the petals being white and the outside of the petals touching the waters surface being red.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled upward.
the beautiful big white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamen forming bowl like shape

the dark blue petals cover the ovary completely and are arranged on a spike.
this flower has dark purple petals that stick out from a deep green pedicel.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are blue with veins.
the flower has smooth purple petals with a thick green pedicel
the alternating flowers both have purple rounde petals with many purple colored stamens with large anthers
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this blue flower has rounded petals, green sepals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white lines
this flower has dark purple, papery petals and dark green pedicel.
this flower has a dark green pedicel and bright blue petals.

the flower is orange and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen forming a disc like shape
this flower has petals that are orange with red stamen
the flower has petals that are dark orange, overlapping with orange stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
flower with long, bight orange petals on a green leafy stem
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
the petals of the flower are short and thin and are bright orange in color.
the flower has many tiny overlapping petals in a beautiful red orange color with plenty of green foliage surrounding it which is the back drop to make these flower appear even more vibrant.
this brilliant orange flower has a multitude of petals. the stamen are small and appear to be a dark color.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are orange, redish petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with green lines
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pale pink with yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that have veins.
the flower has 6 delicate pink petals with a light green stamin and center radiating outword.
six large, ribbed petals and a center of light green spherical fibrous stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
this flower has pale pink petals with faint vertical stripes which are wide and textured.

flowers are alternately arrnaged and are white yellow in color with a green pedicel
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
the petals of the flowers are white in color and are attached to a green vine.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the flower has white wavy petals with a yellow center and small green sepals.
this flower has white and has a small yellow patch on it
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
this flower has small pointed green sepals holding wavy white with yellow petals.
the alternating flowers are white and yellow and the pedicel are long
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.

this globe shaped orange flower has a large number of tiny petals and a deeply seated ovary.
this flower has petals that are orange and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower is comprised of many dense and bright orange petals.
this is a large flower with many, orange petals and green leaves.
the flower has several dozen golden orange colored petals all ruffled around the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
these flowers are cone-shaped and yellow and orange in color.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has many rows of orange ruffled petals and thin green leaves on the stem.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with curled pink petals on it.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
light purple petals light green leaves
the flower shown has bright pink petals with a red pedicel
this flower has bright pink petals that sit at the end of the pink pedicel
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this is a very odd shaped flower!
this flower has very smooth, almost waxy pink petals growing backwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together

a stark white petaled flower with a peeking yellow pistil.
this flower has one white petal with a bright yellow stigma.
this flower has a yellow pollen tube with a smooth white petal
the flower is color white and has a long stigma color yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.
the petals of the flower are a solid white color, and the stamen is a yellow color.
this flower only has two large white petals and a long yellow stigma.
this flower has a large, white cup shaped petal with a thick bright yellow stigma.
this flower has a solid yellow pistil area with 2 white petals that converge on one side.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma

this flower has petals in the shape of a circle and are violet in color
flower has petals that are lavender with dark purple center and yellow stamen.
this flower has large blue petals and yellow colored anthers
a flower with indigo petals and brown anther filaments in the center.
this flower is blue and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has a purple petals with many stamen around the pollen tube
this flower has rounded light blue petals in an overlapping wheel configuration.
this flower has overlapping purple petals with a dark plum center.
the petals of this flower are light purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are blue and hasyellow stamen

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has small white and yellow petals that are curved in, and no visible outer stamen
this flower has several overlapping layers of pointed white petals with yellow accents.
the flower has a white and yellow petal with a green pedicel
a yellow flower with tightly packed petals that completely hide the stamen
the white and yellow petals are arranged in a layer and the sepals are dark green.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white shading
tightly wrapped petals around the stigma opening up on outer petal rows.
this flower has smooth petals that are white and light yellow in color with tiny points at their tip.

the pretty flower has lot of thin red petals that make it look like some kind of crap.
the flower of the plant have red petals and a thick green pedicel.
this flower is very exotic looking with unique red petals.
there are two big red flowers with a bunch of leaves in the background.
this flower has spiky looking red petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and have pointy tips
this flower has spiky red petals that form a dome-like shape and green sepals.
a red and purple flower with thing red petals that cover it's ovary.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.

a small yellow flower with narrow yellow petals and tiny black stamen.
the flower has large yellow petals that are long and thin.
the petals are yellow in color and are oval in shape
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a dark brown center and long yellow petals.
this flower has many yellow petals as well as black stamen.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower is characterized by its yellow, flat petals and black pistil and stamen.

this flower has an outer ring of light purple coloring and an inner core of dark purple.
this flower has pale purple petals with deep purple veins coming out of the center towards the tips.
the flower features dark purple on the inside of the petals with a lighter outside, and also have no stamen on the outside of it.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flowers has bright purple colored middle with the shade slowly graduating to a white color on the outer portion of the petals.
this purple and white flower has wavy petals and dark yellow and blue stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
these flowers have lavender and white petals surrounded by green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines in the center
this flower has funnel-shaped petals with irregular edges that are light purple with darker purple markings on them.

this flower has thick orange petals as its main feature.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this is a flower with orange petals and a yellow style.
the petals on this flower are orange with a yellow pistil.
the flower has five orange petals that turn yellow toward the center.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has wide and rounded petals in red, with a paler yellow center.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow

the flower has a pink petals but turns yellow in color towards the middle.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
this flower is rose shaped with a pink and yellow color scheme on its petals.
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
a flower with a green sepal and overlapping bright pink petals.
this bright pink flowers flower has closed petals with a long green leaves with thorns.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are just beginning to open.
the petals are pink near the edges and yellow near the base, the sepal are large, the pedicel is thick.
this flower has petals that are red with shades of yellow

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are smooth and white with shades of purple
this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink
this flower has large white petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has very smooth white petals with pale pink centers.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has open white petals that all turn pink closer to the pistil.
this flower has smooth upright petals that are white and light pink.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has large purple petals and white stamen coming out of the middle
this flower has petals that are puple with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with a yellow center.
flower has petals that are pale pink, with white center, and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow only near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this pale pinkish lavender flower has a yellow-green center and white stamens.
this flower has light purple petals with long white stamen and anthers.
this flower has very light petals with pink veins, white stamen, and a yellow ovary.

this flower has white curved petals with pink and brown spots, with pink speckled stamen come out of the ovule.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the tropical flower has petals that are speckled with spots of maroon on a white petal.
this flower has white petals with dark purple spots and dark pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with dark pink spots and pink stigma.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this light pink flower has droopy pedals which have purple spots.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
a flower that has long and narrow petals that are white with purple specks.
this flower has small purple spots on its white petals and pink pistils at the center.

this bright blue trumpet like flower has five conjoined pointed petals which lend it a star shape.
this flower has petals that are blue with green patches
the flower has blue petals that cover the middle nicely
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are white on the tips.
the flower has a single, five lobed, trumpet shaped petal, with dark blue lines, and spots.
the blue petals with yellow in the center are long and in a tube shaped until they flare out slightly at the end.
the petals on this flower are attached close to the base of the stem and form a cup shape around the pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green patches
this flower has a blue petal with green leaves underneath it.

the flower has petals that are pink and separately arranged in layers around the pedicel
this flower has large pointed pink petals and no visible outer stigma
this pink flower has many pointed, oval petals clustered around the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has several pinkish white petals and a long pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of red
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light pink petals with dark pink tips.
this flower has a few layers of light pink petals with pointed tips.

this delicate yellow flower has bright red where the stamen begins.
this flower has petals that are yellow and yellow stigma.
this flower has yellow petals that are sparse and have a round edge.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red near the center.
the yellow petals are pedunculated with small projections on the base.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has bright yellow petals.
this flower has distinct round petals of dark yellow with red accents.
this flower has fan shaped yellow with orange highlighted pedals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange patches

the flower has red/orange petals all stacked next to each other.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
pedicel is brown in color,petal is red in color
a heart shaped flower with red petals and a corn cob shaped stigma.
this flower has a thick long yellow stamen surrounded by a waxy red petal with pointed tip.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this flower has a red petal surrounding a large, narrow, yellow pistil.
one large stigma dominates above the rounded, thick red petals and woody pedicel.

this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are purple and white stamen.
these pretty blue flowers has a lot of petals with a bulb in the middle
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow stamen
a blue and purple star shaped flower with lots of tiny purple and white stamen.
these flowers have blue petals with brown and white stamen in the center.
these dark blue flowers have seven petals with a dark blue pistil.
the petals of this flower are dark purple and the filament is green.
this flower has blue petals that have brown and green stamen
purple flowers with five large flat petals and a dark purple and white stamen area.

there a overlapping fuschia petals and a yellow filaments protruding from the middle.
the vibrant pink flower has a cluster of yellow stamen in its center.
this flower has bright pink petals that are placed in whorls around the yellow stamen.
the bright pink petals make this flower full and the yellow stamen make the colors pop.
numerous pink petals and stamen with thick filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with layered petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has multiple layers of pink petals with rounded edges and bright yellow stamen at the center.
this flower has layers of bright pink petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has pink petals with ruffled edges and yellow stamen

this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the flower shown has a large purple petal with a green pistil
the flower has petals that are overlapping and purple with white stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink stigma
this flower is bright purple and its pistil is yellow in the middle
this purple flower has rounded petals, yellow stigmas and green sepals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow style
the petals on this flower are mostly purple, and green is the color of the stamen.
this flower has deep purple petals, yellow pollen tube, and maroon ovule.

this flower has numerous layers of large yellow petals that are pink around the edges.
perched upon the green sepal are this bloom's variegated yellow to pink petals, arranged in an overlapping spiral.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are a mixture of yellow and orange
this flower has the yellow petals, shaded with the orange color at the top,overlapped each other as whirls
this flower has orange and yellow layered petals on a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
large, yellow petals with red-orange edges and brown-green sepals.
this flower has layers of yellow petals with pink tips and fuzzy, green sepals.

this flower has five large, rounded pink petals which are veined and slightly ruffled at the edges.
the flower has peach colored petals with a green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have darker veins.
the flower has pink orange petals and finger like appendages coming from the petals toward the pistil.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
the flower has round peach colored petals with patches of dark red on them.
the flower has five round petals that are pinkish orange in color.
this flower has peach colored nearly round petals with darker veins and a yellow ovary.
this flower is like pink in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines

these colorful coronet shaped flowers are pink, dark magenta and white, with stamens.
these flowers have pink, hot pink, white and lavender petals.
these flowers are vibrant pink and red in color with colored veins on the petals.
the flowers are of various colors including, white, pink, light pink, and purple.
this flower varies in color between white, light pink, and darker pink, with small stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
a group of flowers with multicolored pedals and a gray stigma.
this flower has petals that come in a number of colors including bright pink, white, and variegated.
the flower consists of five broad petals that point up and outwards, opening up like a trumpet and revealing a yellow pistil.
this flower has multiple colors from light pink, dark pink, and white pedals .

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the petals on this flower are ted with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are red with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and pink with black stamen
the petals are arranged in several layers and are pointed and deep red in color and the stamen is dark green with a reddish stigma.
the flower has a red and pink petals with many stamens around the pollen tube and stigma
this flower has several rows of pointed red petals that have lighter pinkish spots on petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this large flower has pointed petals that alternate between dark red and pink in color, surrounding a mass of green and yellow stamen.
this starbust shaped flower has leave-like petals with both red and pink shades, and multiple green pistils and yellow anthers bunched together.

a purple and white flowers with yellow and green leaves beneath the flower petals
these regular broad oval petals with lavender ends and white bases with green pedicels forming a cuplike catching basins below.
this large petaled flower starts off white near the receptacle and moves to a darker purple toward the tips of the petals.
this flower has purple, spoon shaped petals, with green petal shaped leaves below the flower.
transparent and thin oval flowers that start white and fade out to a vivid purple.
this flower has layers of white petals whose tapered tips are bright pink.
this flower has lavender and white petals attached to a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading
this flower has oblong petals that are smooth and white with pink edges.
a purple and white flower with green leaves attached to it.

a flower with wide purple and pink petals, yellow anther, and green filaments
the petals on this flower are purple, white, and dark purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has a deep purple center surrounded by large upturned petals of pale purple with white accents.
this flower has petals that are purple and white with green stigma
this is a purple flower that turns dark purple as it gets closer to the receptacle with yellow stamens.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
a flower with rounded and long petals that are purple.

an orange flower with lots of rounded petals and red anther.
these blossoms are salmon colored, there are many in a group, each with four oval petals.
the flowers petals is orangeish pinkish in color with green leaves.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has clusters of round coral red petals that form in bunches around the ovule.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the flower has soft round red petals and red stamen.
this bright red flower has tightly gathered around the red stamen.
this flower has multiple bunches of small pink flowers with rounded petals.

the flower petals are red with yellow tips and overlap one another
this flower is red in the middle while its outer petals transcend to yellow.
this flower has a yellow and red center surrounded by long red petals with tapered yellow tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower has brightly colored petals with red at the base and yellow tips.
the petals of this flower are red and have yellow on the tips
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and yellow on the tip.
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a red and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips

the flower shown has yellow petals as its main feature with yellow stamen
yellow mushroom shaped petals with a yellow stamen and distinctive anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with short stamen
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has five yellow veiny leaves and a prominent pistil and stamen.
the golden colored petals have dark brown stripes radiating from the small golden colored stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stigma
this is an orange flower with five petals and orange stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has a lot of yellow petals an no visible outer stamen
this dome shaped orange blossom has numerous layers of small and very ruffled petals.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has numerous orange petals the cause it to be in the shape of a ball.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny orange petals with ruffles.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
an orange flower that is completely covered in tiny orange petals.
this flower has lots of small yellow petals arranged in a globe-like fashion.

a long green pedicel comes out from a group of round yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color with very small yellow stamen.
completely yellow flower that has only several petals and is connected to a skinny stem
this delicate yellow flower has thin petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has wide, bright yellow petals surrounding an even brighter yellow cluster of stamen.
this bright yellow flower has 4 petals, and hangs from a green stem on a green branch.
this flower has large yellow petals and a tight grouping of yellow stamen.
this flower has large wide pale yellow petals with deep veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are hanging downward
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.

this flower has petals that are pale pink with green pedicel.
this flower has pink petals and a green pedicel as its main features
this flower is light pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the crinkly petals of this flower are a very light hue of pink, almost white, with a deep orange center.
the flower has white curled petals that are old and wilting.
this flower has petals that are pink and has ruffled edges
this flower has big gorgeous and flowing off pink almost white petals and a beautiful green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
a flower with overlapping white petals, a thick green stem, and orange pistil.
a fluffy pedaled flower with light pink coloration and a gray stem.

this flower has spiky white petals and a large green stigma in the center
a flower with large conical pistil and ragged purple branching petals.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has petals that are purple, white and pointy
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and has green style
this is a white flower with thin and spiky petals with a thick, green pistil.
a flower the is white and has a large center in the middle.
this flower has a rounded green bulb center surrounded by spiky purple leaves.
this flower has long spike-shaped petals with a cone-shaped pistil.

the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
a small purple pedaled flowers with some dull stems.
the petals on the pedicel are delicate and pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upwards
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval and wavy.
this flower has very smooth petals that are bright pink in color.
this hot pink flower has pointed petals and a pink pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and curved upward.
this flower has vibrant pink petals and the pedicel is a dark pink
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards

the star disc shaped white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
the flower's petals are white and the pedicel is green.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals with yellow and white stamen and a green ovary.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the stamen shoot out of the center of this white petaled flower, showing their complete length.
the flower has yellow stamen and soft oval white petals.
the flat, white petals encircle stamen with yellow anther and white filament.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
has many stamens that are white in color with yellow anthers
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has multiple white stamen surrounded by large pointed petals in a pale purple color.
this flower has purple petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wilted.
the flower has smooth spade-like leaves and consists of two layers of spade-like purple petals, each with three lines running from the center of the flower to meet at a point at the pointy end of the spade-like petal, while in the center sits a clump of yellow and white stamen.
this seven purple petal flower has a long white and yellow pistil.
this flower has short thin yellow filaments and creased blue petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
a yellow and orange flower with small yellow petals and a thick brown pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and layered.
the flower has yellow petals with a yellow stigma and green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are yellow and have a thick green stalk.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and long
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has many long slender petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has a wide mound of yellow hairs and thin yellow petals.

a flower with big pinkish petals and pistils.
the flower shown has petals which are bright pink with a pink stamen
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are dark near the centers.
this flower has large pink petals an no visible outer stigma
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has wide pale pink petals with vertical striations.
this flower has five pink petals as well as pink stamen.
this flower has large pink petals and a pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines

this flower has bright yellow leaves with deep orange color spots on them.
the petals of the flower are yellow with red speckles and have green stems.
this flower has six long and skinny orange petals that have red dots on them.
this flower has six wide petals with pointed tips in yellow with red accents.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted and oval shaped.
this flower has sparsely arranged petals that are bright yellow with dark red spots on them.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
this flower has orange spotted petals and long red filaments.
this particular flower has petals that are long and yellow and dark spots on it
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted yellow and red, and green is the color of the stamen.

this flower has thin purple petals that trumpet out and expose a single yellow pistal in the center.
a flower with blue petals and a brownish anther filament and pistil.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cup.
these pale blue flowers have four long floppy petals and one long narrow pistil in the center.
purple angular flowers with delicate petals that have defined veins
this is a purple flower with four petals and a long pistil.
the flower is a light purple with large petals and a long style.
this flower has large purple petals and a light blue colored stigma.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines

the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals that turn upwards, and a yellow center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the flower has purple petals and and the inside is yellow.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and has a yellow inside.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
a large purple and white flower with gold stigma center.
these flowers have smooth round purple petals with yellow stamen in the center of them.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has long yellow stamen and a white trumpet shaped inner blossom surrounded by pointed purple petals.
the petals on this flower are purple and white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
pedicel is green in color.many stamen with yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has an outer ring of purple petals with a inner ring of yellow petals with yellow stigma.
this flower has an outer layer of purple petals, and inner layer of white petals, and creamy yellow stamen.
this flower has light purple sepals with white petals in a trumpet formation at its center.
this flower has yellow stamen, a green pedicel and purple and white petals.

a purple flower with cup shaped purple flower petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has ovular purple petals as its main feature.
this is a flower that has long dark purple petals on it.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have green stems with green sepals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
purple petals are long and overlap to give the appearance of one petal in a bell shape, some stamen are visible.
a purple flower with yellow stigma, stamen and green sepals and leaves are green and thin
these cone-shaped purple flowers grow low to the ground with fuzzy dark green stems and leaves.
long purple petals and a yellow center with dark green leaves.
the petals of the flower are a cup shape, and is a vibrant purple color.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is big and has petals that are pink, soft, smooth and arranged in bowl shape around the bunch of yellow stamens
this flower has bright pink petals and long yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower has upturned layers of pink petals with pointed tips.
this is a pinlk flower with open petal s and yellow stamens in the middle which look like another flower
there are many layers of bright pink long pointed petals surrounding many bright yellow stamen.
there are long yellow stamen with even longer pink petals surrounding it in a long oval shape.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has a large white petal and a yellow stigma
the flowers has a single white petal with a yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has a single flower bloom that is white in color and has a yellow stigma in the center.
the flower has a large rpunded withe colored petal with one large stigma
the delicate white flower has a bright yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
the petal on this flower is white, the pistil is golden yellow and the pedicel is green
this white flower is shaped like an upside down bell and has a thick yellow pollen tube in its center.
this flower has a singular white curved petal, orange stamen, and a yellow and green receptacle.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long pink petals and a few yellow stigma in the middle
the petals are arranged in three layers around the stamen and stigma.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the stamens and forming a bowl like shape
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals with several layers and yellow stamen
this flower has large white and pink petals with stamen that are bright yellow.
a large pastel pink flower with overlapping oval petals with a yellow center and large bright yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by rounded white petals which have pink edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has large and wide petals in mottled patterns comprised of various shades of purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals on this flower are white with purple dots.
this flower is bright pink with purple dots on its petals.
this flower has petals that are white with purple shades and dots
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
a large purple flower with purple speckled petals and a large red pistil at it's center.
a flower that has long and narrow petals that are white with purple specks.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink dots
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a purple pistil.

this flower is yellow and blue in color, with petals that are heart shaped.
the large green flowers has purple rounded petals with a yellow color spot with smaler stamen and pistil
a flower with individual blue petals and a yellow central area where a cluster of yellow stamen reside.
this flower has a yellow center and several pale blue heart-shaped petals with rounded edges.
flat, powder blue dual-linked petals with yellow tips at the center.
this flower has blue and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals and a bright yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this blue and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

the petals of this flower are lavender with a large stigma
this flower has petals that are blue with purple patch
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has white pistil and smooth purple petals as its main features
this is a flower that is round in shape and has white and purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading
this white and purple flower has wavy pedals, a white pistil and a yellow green pedicel.
this flower ha a single large pentagon shaped petal that is translucent blue with purple wisps toward its base.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a stamen.
the pistil of the flower is white and surrounded by white, overlapping petals that are light purple in the centers.

limp yellow petals, thin, pointed, and widely spaced, surround a black and gray center, covered with bumps, above pale, wrinkled green leaves.
these flowers feature yellow petals and a dense, brown center.
this bright yellow flower has long yellow petals and a brown center
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the flower shown has yellow petals as well as dark anther and a pollen tube
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has long narrow yellow petals that surround a dark center filled with black stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has a round brown center and long thin yellow petals.
this flower has long yellow pedals with a brown stamen and brown stigma.

this flower is a lotus what has many pointed pink petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of upturned white petals with pointed pink tips.
the flower floats on water and have oval light pink petals.
flower has bright yellow stamen protruding from a multilevel array of long, narrow, and very light pink petals.
this flower has pale pink, pointy petals, bright yellow stamen and no visible stem.
a very large flower, with large white pedals, and a yellow pistol and stamen.
this flower has multiple rows of light pink elongated petals surrounding the yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple layers of light pink petals with pointed tips and bright yellow stamens.

the flower has white outer petals and a funnel like part on the inside and its stamen appears yellow
a huge flower thats white with some pink on them and orange inside
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the ovule.
this flower has petals that are pale pink with a dark pink petal.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow
the area around the stamen of this flower is bright orange, while ascending into a bright pink, and the outer petals are a very light pink.
this white and purple flower has five outer petals and an inner trumpet.
these flowers have very large white petals and the ones closer to the center have very droopy purple petals that cover the stigma and style.
this flower has petals that are white and purple and make a bell shape
this flower has a ruffled pink mouth and very smooth white petals.

this medium white flower has rows of thin blue petals and thick stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy steman
this violet flower has frilly petals and large, white stamens.
this flower has purple petals and long purple stamen, and has a green stigma in the center
a beautiful purple flower with long petals, layered on top with long narrow curvy petals and pale yellow stigma
the petals of this flower are stringy and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has tall white pistils, yellow stamen, purple petals and thin wavy filaments.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
a blue bell shaped flower with a thick light green pedicel.
the flower has purple petals with a very bright green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and folded together
the petals of the flower are blue in color with a thick green stem.
this flower has multiple blue white tipped petals on a green pedicel.
this flower has a small bunch of tiny jug-shaped petals that are light blue in color.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
the light blue petals are bell-shaped and the pedicel is bright green.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.

the flower has delicate white petals that are rounded and scrunched together.
the flower has petals that are large overlapping and white.
the petals are white and papery and arranged in layers; the stem is moss green.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and bunched together.
the pdicel is green in color and the petals are many rounded in shape and white in color
this particular flower has petals that are small and round with white in it
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this flower has lots of white petals with uneven edges and they're grouped tightly together.
this flower layers of white, paper-like petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and is ruffled together

a delicate white and green flower stem sticking out to the right of the petals
this flower has an outer layer of almost white petals and an inner layer of pale yellow petals and medium yellow stamen.
these white tubular flowers have long chambers in their petals.
this flower has five yellow petals and a green pedicel
the flower has two layers that are both yellow in color and the anthers are granular and yellow in color.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a star-like configuration of white sepals with a layer of five oblong light yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a cream colored flower with a long white stigma in center.
the flower has larger white pedals behind rounded yellow pedals.

white pedal with the white middle and dark green leaves
the flower has a clear pollen tube that is thin and long.
this flower is white in color, with a petal that is horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with a big style
the petals of the flower are white in color and have accents that are purple.
this flower has five soft conjoined white petals with smooth edges.
a snowy white bell shaped flower with a long stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wilted in appearance.
tis flower has white petals with tints of lavender along the edges and a white stamen.

this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are large and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are bright yellow with brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
a yellow flower with ruffled petals and green sepal supported by a green pedicel.
this flower has large yellow petals and no visible outer stigma on it
this flower has petals that areyellow and has black lines
flat yellow petals with purple markings are the main feature of this petal.
this flower has multiple petals, all of which are bright yellow and wavy in shape.
this flower has a very vivid yellow color and soft petals with delicate veins.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.

the white petals are overlapping each other and the stamen is yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen with three layers of white petals.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the long, white petals of this flower have rounded tips. the filaments and anthers are yellow.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has thick yellow stamen at the center of layers of white oblong petals.

a flower with many stubby, short yellow petals surrounded by reddish-brown sepals and pedicel.
the flower shown has tiny yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are small.
this flower has petals that are yellow with short steman
this flower has dark red stem and sepals surrounding long, very thin fringe like yellow petals.
this flower has a dense amount of small yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has a brown pedicel with pale yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
a flower with light yellow and green petals coming out of a brown pedicel.
the petals of the flower are thin in shape and yellow in color.

this flower has petals that are pink with red tips
this flower has petals that are white with red edges ad pink stigma.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this star shaped flower has petals that gradually change from a white at the center to a dark pink at the tips.
this flower has 5 white petals that turn hot pink on the very edges.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a pink pistil.
this pink flower has five pink petals and a recessed stigma in the middle.
this flower has pink and white petals with yellow in the middle
pink flower, with deeper red outline. pink color fades to white closer to the center. large pink pistil is visible.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are curled and oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are red with many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the red flower with petals that are soft and separately arranged in single layer of disc around yellow stamens
this flower has red petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this is a large red flower, with long thin petals, and numerous small stamen.
this flower has red petals and has many yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has large, wide pink petals which have rounded and ruffled edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has showy pink petals and a upturned pistil with yellow anthers below.
this flower has petals that are pink with long steman
this flower has petals that are pink and has patches of red
this flower has pink petals as well as a pink pistil.
this pink flower looks very tropical with large petals that have darker pink spots and a yellow pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, with that are thin and wavy petals.
a red flower with green leaves and the yellow stigma and stamen and green sepals

this flower is lotus shaped with white pedals and poach like receptacles.
this flower has petals that are white with many layers
the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
several layers of green sepals that gradually turn into layered white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and folded upwards
this flower has medium white petals that overlap each other in a stack.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
a large pedaled white flower with a green long stem.
this flower has multiple rows of white petals, and a green pedicel.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this is a flower that has pink ruffled petals with dark pink spots on them.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and are surround a bunch of stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovary.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
the petals of this flower are bright pink with dark pink speckles and the filament is dark pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
a bright purple flower with large spread out petals and several long purple stamen
this flower has bright pink petals with brighter pink spots and a bright pink stamen.

the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has petals that are green with purple stringy stgma
innr petals are needle shaped and are puple inc olor
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a white pedaled flower with wavy blue pedals coming from the green stigma.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green and purple pistil.
this white, purple, and blue flower has pointed petals and light green sepals.
this flower has long white petals and a light green and yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
a flower with many white petals and long purple and white stamen at it's core.

a flower with pink petals and pink anther filaments.
the flowers has circular pink colored petal with a few filaments also in pink.
the petals on this flower are pink with dark pink veins.
the flower has a smooth pink petal with pink anther and filament
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has wide, overlapping pink petals with vertical striations.
this light and dark pink flower has rounded petals and pink stamen.
{}
this flower has large pink veiny petals and a pink pistil and stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a satellite shape

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oddly shaped and uneven.
small purple flowers with purple petals and white curly stamen.
this flower has the white petals and the purple pistil with the white stamens at the center
a flower with large white and red petals and central cluster of white anther and filaments.
this flower has small white petals with white and purple pistil
these white and purple flowers are in a bunch on the end of a stem with long white stamens, and smooth petals.
a weird looking pink flower with purple pepper looking things hanging from it.
this flower has darker reddish stems holding small, pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink stamen
this flower has small purple sepals, white stamen, and white petals.

these are very bright red flowers that are open widely.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red with red anthers and filaments.
the orange petals on this flower are the most dominant characteristic
this flower features a small dark ovary surrounded by delicate red rounded petals.
a group of red flowers with large pedals with green leaves.
the petals are bright, smooth red with deep dark green sepal.
this flower has overlapping small red petals which are smooth with rounded edges.
this is a small red flower with a single ring of pedals and red stamen.
this is a collection of dark red flowers with petals that range from large to small

this flower has petals that are white with purple stingy stamens
this purple flower has ten outer petals, an inner ring of very thin purple fringe and a green, protruding pistil.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has dark purple and light purple on the petals.
this flower has large green pistils and stamen surrounded by a purple fringe and large, rounded white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
the petals on this flower are purple and white and the pedicel is green
this flower is white, purple, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals of a creamy lavender surrounding long filaments of darker purples and large stamen.
this flower has flat white petals, blue filaments, and an upright stamen.

the main feature about this flower is its rich canary petals and how different they are shaped from your typical flower.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
there is a bee on the flower getting nectar from it.
the yellow round flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a very large number of skinny bright yellow petals arranged in a crowded configuration.
this flower has layers of thin and hair-like yellow fringe.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has so many bright yellow petals that the yellow stamen blend in.

pedicel is green,petals are rounded and light pink in color
the flower has petals that are pink, soft, smooth and arranged in differently layers around pedicel
the flower has pink petals that are also white and striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker on the edges.
this flower has large white and pink petals with a dark green pedicel.
a beautiful flower with light pink petals and dark pink tips.
this flower has layers of oblong petals that are white and pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink anmd are folded upwards
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a dark green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are white and in a pinwheel shape
this flower has a very small pistol and stamen with five pure white petals.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bunched around each other.
a group of flowers with five round white petals.
there are numerous flowers in the bunch. the flowers are white, with not visible stamen.
this flower has bunches of small white blossoms that have five small petals each in a wheel formation.
these small white petaled flowers grow in a large cluster.
rounded cluster of many 5 white petal flowers with a round pale center.
this flower has petals that are white and bunched together
the white petals flourishes the yellow tone pollen tube

this flower features a clump of yellow stamens surrounded by four wide yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the pretty yellow flowers has 4 big petals with a little orange
long narrow yellow stamen in the center, surrounded by four overlapping yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has a cross configuration of four bright yellow petals surrounding a clump of short stamen.
this flower has small yellow petals that turn a darker yellow towards the center.
the beautiful yellow flower has sepals that are so soft, smooth and separately arranged forming saucer like shape
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very thin
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has one large pink petal and then a smaller purple petal with green streaks on each side of the large petal.
this flower has petals in the shape of wings and are purple in color
this flower has petals that are pink with purple and yellow lines
this flower is characterized by a prominent yellow stigma surrounded by purple and green variegated petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has three petals that are greenish veined with maroon and one petal of a light maroon color.
this flower has petals with a combination of pink,yellow, and dark red.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and purple lines
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this purple, yellow and pink flower has rounded petals and a reddish pedicel.

the flower shown has a red tube shaped petal with a yellow pedicel
this flower is shaped like an elongated trumpet and has curved melon-colored petals.
this flower has a red and curved petal and a long red pedicel
this flower is red in color, with petals that are shaped like cones.
peached pink trumpet shaped petals revealing a pale white pistil and a bright yellow receptacle.
this particular flower has petals that are red and yellow
the bright coral petals are turned outwards at the ends and form a deep vase shape.
the flower has a bright peach petals around the yellow pollen tube to the pedicel
this flower has trumpet shaped petals that are bright pink in color.
this flower has petals that are red and is bell shaped

the blue flower has petal that is fused, smooth, soft and forming a disc like shape
the petals of this flower are blue and purple with a short stigma
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are lighter in the center.
the flower shown has blue petals, and dark blue lines in the shape of a star.
this flower has petals that are blue with white in the center
this flower has a funnel-type shape and a bright blue petal with darker blue lines.
this flower has very round edges formed by purple petals, along with stamen branching from the center in a star shape.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
the bloom of the flower is round in shape and forms a star shape in the center.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.

this flower has petals that are purple with white edges
these purple and white flowers feature outward pointed stamen.
the petals of this flower are magenta and white with a long stigma
the flower shown has purple petals with white on the outside as its main feature.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has five overlapping pink petals with serrated white edges.
these flowers have purple petals trimmed in white with white stamen in the center of them
this flower has large white and pink petals with long white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edhges
a pancake thin flower with white and purple coloration pedals with a large center stigma.

thus flower has overlapping petals of very pale yellow with deep red accents.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large with petals with red center and white stamen in the center
a group of flowers with yellow and red petals and white pistils.
the pale white-to-yellow flower has a green ovary and yellow stamen.
a lemon yellow flower with green leaves and petals and bottom of the petal is red
this flower has overlapping white petals with ruffled edges and bright red center accents.
this flower has petals that are white and has red patches
the flower has several round white and red petals that have wavy edges.
this flower has a slightly irregular configuration of petals that are either solid white or white with pink markings.

this purple spotted flower has the spots on the petal along with on the stamen.
the flower has white petals with a bunch of purple spots on it
this flower has white petals with purple spots, and a tall green stile topped purple spotted stigma.
the petals are white with purple spots and matching pistill.
purple speckled petals, looks harsh and uninviting.
this flower has six distinct white petals with tapered tips and purple spots.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple spots
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white with purple spots.
this flower has purple and white petals and very prominent pistil and stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower is brown in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has a large protuberant red pollen tube surrounded by several large, veined peach colored petals.
the flower has a longer pistil with a alerger stigma hanging on the outside
this upside down hanging flower has petals that are tan colored with red vein like lines running through them, the stigma and pollen tube are red and in the center pointing down.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this tan and red flower has veined petals and a red stigma.
this flower has peach-colored petals which are thick and veined, surrounding a thick red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

there are several layers of pink petals, that are pointed and slightly thin, around the flower, alternating and overlapping with each other.
this flower has petals that are pink with serveal layers
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals that turn more white on the lower layers.
this flower features pink and white petals in tight layers around a central ovary.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this pink flower has pointed petals that spread out and point upward.
this flower has white and pink petals that are pointed at the top
this flower has layers of upturned pink petals with tapered edges.
the petals of this flower range from white to deep pink and the sepals are large and green.

this flowers petals curl up to the underside of the flower with a dark salmon color polka dotted with dark black dots and long cone shaped anthers.
the flower has orange petals with brown stamen that float.
the flower shown has orange petals with black spots and purple anther
this medium orange flower has curly orange petals with black spots.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has many orange petals which have black spots on them.
this flower has pastel orange petals with brown spots on the that curve up and away from the brown tipped stamen.
this orange flour with brown polka dots has distinctive petals that curl under themselves.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a purple flower with green anthers and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stringy stamen
the flower is arranged in layers and has filaments that are purple in color.
pedicel is green in color,outer petals are larger than inner petals
this flower has long oblong purple petals underneath a layer of curly purple filaments.
this flower has white petals with hairy stamen in the center of it.
this flower has down-turned rounded petals with a frizzed fringe of purple hairs.
the flower has several light purple petals with an oddly shaped green pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen

the lowest layer of curved, pointed white petals is green on the bottom, while the uppermost layer, the smallest, surrounds several pale yellow pistils.
this white flower has opening petals, with a visible cluster of bright yellow stamen, while the receptacle, sepal and pedicel are hidden beneath the water.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are white and overlapping with yellow anthers.
this flower has many large white petals and yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of white, oblong petals surrounding yellow stamen.
a flower with white petals and the stigma and stamen are yellow, the leaves are big
this flower has many white petals in a cup-shaped formation with yellow stamen.
this bold white flower has two dozen petals that are white and an inner yellow stamen.

a bright yellow flower with short, spikey pedals in a spray of color on a green stem.
leaves are green in color the flower petals are yellow and small in size
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and are small and short in shape.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this bright yellow flower has pointed petals and yellow orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
there are many thin, bright yellow petals that obscure the other parts of this flower.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower had inner and outer petals that are light purple with yellow stamen
pedicel is green in color,petals are light pink in color
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
the pink petals are pointed and form a long bowl shape around yellow stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has light purple petals with dark purple tips.

large pink petals with an inner white pistil
this flower has large red petals which are wide with rounded edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower is orange in color with inner smaller petals tht are white in color
long, round petals that curl under and out, opening in the center hole containing bright yellow pollen.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are curled on the edges.
this red flower has rounded petals and white stamen with white anthers.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a flower that has red petals that bend at the edges.

the sepals are green in color,the flower is purple in color
the flower's petals are purple with some reddish veins in the shape of a star and they form a perfect circle at the outer edge while the stamen and stigma are white.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are light near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with red lines
this is a round shaped flower with purple petals that have pink lines on the petals.
the petals of the flower formulate a circle shape, and have a star pattern in pink on each petal.
this flower has a circular purple petal with a pink star-like petal overlaid on it.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are purple with pink lines
this flower has petals that are purple and has red lines
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower has a few very large petals that are light purple with a large dark purple streak down the center.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals and broad and pointed and purple, and the stamen and stigma are white.
a pretty purple flower with purple petals shaped like leaves, and broad gynoecium and long white stamens.
this is a large vine growing, six petaled flower, it is lavender with a darker stripe down the middle of each petal, and long brown reproductive structures in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stripes
this flower has large and thick purple petals with long white stamens.
this white and purple flower has pointed petals and white stamen.
this flower has thin white filaments and white petals with purple down the center.
a very large purple and white coloration with a white stigma.

the oval shaped leaves are broad and dark green and the smaller flower petals are whitsh pink in color
this flower has a light pink petal with some brown stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with red anthers.
the petals on this flower are pink with some brown, white and yellow spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has multicolored petals that are white, pink, and yellow.
this flower has wide pink petals with accents of white and yellow.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower contains five yellow and orange petals with a small stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange with dark orange centers.
the petals are color orange with uneven border on the center.
this flower has a gold colored petal, with a tan colored stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
these flowers have rounded orange petals and a small green stamen.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with wavy and wilted petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a patch of orange
this flower has many golden petals with green leaves at the base.

the petals of this flower are pink and purple with short stigma
the flower has pink and red petals with green pedicel
the flower shown has thin pink petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
a wide flower with large pink petals with small green and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are light pink with a ring of darker pink towards the center.
this light and dark pink flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
the flower has round petals that are light pink and a deep pink color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red cirlce

the flower is capsule shaped with shorter stamen and postil and is blue in color
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are connected together.
the deep blue petals form a perfect circle at the outer edge of the flower and the stamen is bright yellow-green in color.
this flower has a large green petal and no visible outer stigma
the flower has petals that are blue with a white center.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
this blue and yellow flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow centers
this flower has a funnel shaped blue petal with a yellow ovary.
a flower with long and rounded petal that is blue and yellow.

this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower is pink and white and the anthers are seen.
the flower shown has red and white petals and yellow anthers.
the petals of this flower are red and white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has red veined petals and bright yellow anther.
this flower has pink filaments with yellow anthers in the center of pink striped petals with white down the center.
this flower has pink and white oval shaped petals with green stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals and the tips of them are reddish pink

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are pointy.
the flower shown has several bunches of skinny blue petals.
what is so different about this flower is its pine cone like petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
the petals o the flower are pointy and yellow and no stamen is seen.
this flower has long thin purple petals which are shaped like sharp tubes.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
the petals on this flower are mostly dark purple with a strong green stem.
this flower has a large number of light blue tubular petals creating a globe-like formation.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.

a yellow and orange flower with a big circle of yellow stamen.
the flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around the disc of stamens
the petals on this flower are yellow with a brown stripe.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange linesa
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped red in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the flower has alternating red and yellow petals along with lots of yellow anther in the center.
this flower is yellow, red, and black in color, and has petals that are striped down the center.
this yellow red and brown flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has a single layer of yellow petals with red centers in a ray-like formation.

this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
flower has petals that are bright pink with white stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with a white center
the flower has purple petals which are rough on the edge and a white pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small white filament and bright purple petals.
this flower has six large and wide purple petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
deep purple flower with a white middle petals are flat.
this bright purple flower has rounded petals and white stamen.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that shape a cup.
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower has white petals and a lot of yellow stamen with white anthers on them
the flower has large white petals that are cup shaped and round.
this flower has white round petals and many white stamens with long anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
the petals of this flower are white and the pistils are tube like and white
this flower has white petals shaped like a cup and light green stamen with white anthers.
this flower has round off white petals in a dome shape around its prominent green and white stamen.
this flower has large white petals with a large number of green filaments with white anthers.

the flower has long clear pollen tubes and a large white petal.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
this flower has large white petals a a few white stamen in the middle of it
leavesare green in color,stamens are white incolor with larger anthers
this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
flower with wide and deep, large white petals, several long white stamen and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has conjoined white petals which are rounded and very smooth.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has a large funnel shape with a smooth white surface.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower petals is spiked and lite purple and dark purple
this flower has long purple petals and long purple stamen in the middle
the flower is so big and large with disc like arrangements of petals and stamen with stamen disc on top of petals disc
this flower has purple petals and green pistil as its main features
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are purple and white and the stamens are green and yellow with brown spots.
this flower has very long purple filaments on top of a layer of flat purple petals with bright yellow stamens and green pistils.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly stringy purple, and yellow, green is the color of the stamen.

the flower has five blue petals with dark purple stamen
the flower has lavender petals with long purple vertical stripes.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has six large, slightly pointed white petals with purple stripes in the center.
this flower is blue in color, with petals have a stripe in the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has short and spiky black stamen in the middle of a wheel-formation of bright blue petals.
this flower has large and thick white petals with a pink color leading to the pistil.
the petals of this flower are light purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen

this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
the flower has large petals that are light yellow colored.
this small flower has circular shaped petals colored white, with a yellow tint towards the center.
this flower has petals that are white with white stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has white petals with yellow anthers.
this circular, white flower has petals laced with yellow, with a green pedicel.
this flower has white petals that has yellow lines in the center
the petals on this flower are light yellow with darker yellow lines in them and it has yellow anthers.
this flower has conjoined soft petals in pale yellow with darker yellow veins.

the flower has several yellow colored petals with its core colored in black.
a flower with small yellow petals and black anther filaments in the middle.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower has a long skinny yellow petal and brown anthers in the center
this flower has a brown rounded center and long yellow petals with tapered edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the flower has thin long oval yellow petals and black stamen.
this flower has a ring-like configuration of a single layer of long, yellow petals.
this flower has may black stamen surrounded by long yellow petals.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow centers.
a yellow and white flower with petals and no pistils in sight nor anther filaments.
this flower has a large white petal with yellow in the center
a flower witha large stalk and white petals with a yellow shaded interior
this flower has five slightly pointed white petals with bright yellow centers.
the beautiful flower has white petals that are yellowish towards the centre and arranged in single layer separately but overlapping with other petals
the five, oval-shaped petals are white and turn bright yellow towards the center and the sepals are green with stripes.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a star-like configuration of smooth oblong white and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading

the alternating petals are broad and pale yellow in color and closd with green colored leaves
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this is a flower with yellow soft and rounded petals that are clustered in the center and then open up into a fully doubled flower.
the flower has petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has green sepals with several spiraling layers of pale yellow petals.
enfolding yellow petals that curl at the tip and wind tightly in the middle.
this flower has smooth light yellow petals that are tightly wrapped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has small white and yellow petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has pale yellow outer petals and darker yellow closer to the stigma.

flower with multiple white petals peeling back from the center.
this white flower has several rows of fan shaped petals which tightly cluster toward the center and spread out at the edge.
the flower has a floret arranged white petals hat are curled
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled on the edges.
the petals of this rose are perfectly white in color and curl upwards toward the sun, obscuring the stamen and stigma.
this flower has big, blooming, white petals around a white stigma.
folded graduated layers of white curled tipped petals with outer open curled tip petals.
big flower with lots of big white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled and thin.
this flower has petals that are white and is ruffled together

the petals are club shaped and yellow in color and no stamen is seen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a flowery stigma
the petals on this flower are yellow with a yellow pistil.
this flower has four large and smooth yellow petals with rounded edges.
a flower with light yellow petals and a large stigma in the center.
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a green stamen with a green anther.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a short style
a yellow flower with a light green pistil and orange center.
this flower has five yellow petals that get turn a darker yellow closer to the pistil.
this flower has a short green pistil and small bright yellow petals.

this yellow-petaled flower also has longer, thinner pink petals growing behind the yellow ones.
the flower shown has purple sepal with yellow pistil and yellow petals
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with long stigma
this flower has yellow and pink petals and yellow stigma.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the bright yellow petals are curled upward around a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has longer pink yellow tinted petals surrounding small fan shaped yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

these flower has no more than five red petals and a few white stamens.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
this flower has four round petals coming off of it and a white center.
the flower is red with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower is red in color, with petals that are shaped like circles.
this flower has flat, bright red petals and short, white stamen.
a group of red flowers with a gray stigma in the center.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stamen

this flower has light pink petals and no visible outer stigma
this flower has large pink petals that face upwards and curve around the ovule.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this pink flower has the overlapping petals look like a bunch
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled in towards the center.
this flower has a large number of light pink petals that are arranged in different layers and make a cup-like formation.
this flower is made up of layers of pink on the oustide white on the inside petals that surround the stamen.
this flower has many pink cup shaped petals that layered on top of each other.
this flower has pink petals that are folded up in layers
the only part visible of this flower are its multiple pink, overlapping petals.

this flower has large white petals and a lot of yellow anthers on it
this flower has several long and large upturned white petals with rounded edges.
the flower has yellow anther with a green pollen tube and white petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped
this flower what white petals with a green pistil.
a white flower with six white petals that surround a green ovule and many yellow stamen sprouting from it's center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white and the pistils are long and yellow
this is a white flower with six petals and many yellow stamens.
six white petals, a green stamen, and a thin green stem distinguish this flower.

the pretty flower has dark blue petals that look like bells.
this is a smaller flower on a short stock with multiple downward pointing small blue spherical flowers.
this flower has several violet petals and a green pedicel.
these blue petals form bells of a smaller type giving the overall shape of a blueberry.
this flower has blue petals with a thick green pedicel
there are many deep blue bell shaped florets in a cluster with white fuzzy stamen.
this dark blue and white flower has toothed pedals and a green pedicel.
multiple flowers with one petal each that is dark blue and bell shaped alternating up the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
this flower has many small blue bell shaped petals with white rims.

this flower has petals that are purple with white edges
this flower has small purple petals with serrated white edges.
the flower shown has purple and white petals which are its main feature
the flower has many stamen with larger anthers that are brown in color
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi colred.
a flat purple and white flower with light green stamen at it's center.
the magenta petals have white edges and surround tiny white and purple stamens.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white edges
this flower has petals that are both purple and white in color.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the color of the flower is pink with long filaments.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flowers have pink petals that are curled and wilted.
a small pink flower with a long green stem.
this flower has long and very thin petals which are pale pink and curled.
the pale pink petals are long, skinny, and pointed, and the stamens are long and pink.
this pink flower has many long, thin petals arranged in a cone shape, with multiple cones on the plant.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin

this flower is pink and blue in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
pink long pointed petals layered in a feathered fashion revealing a violet pistil.
this light purplish colored flower is long and feather shaped.
this long purple flower has layered pink leaves and a soft center.
the flower has a bright purple petal with a blue smaller petal
a large flower with individual purple pedals and blue pedals.
this unique flower has pink and purple color petals with green stems
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has a long vertical pattern of thick, flat, waxy pink petals in chevron angles.

this flower has orange wavy petals that overlap and orange stamens.
this flower has five large overlapping red petals which are wide with rounded edges.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has large orange petals and orange anthers in the center of it
this flower has petals that are orange with short steman
this flower has bright orange petals with a thin long green pedicel.
this flower has small bright orange petals and small orange stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has bright orange petals that have a wrinkled texture.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.

flat, rounded, orange petals overlap the outer edges of the flower itself.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are circular in shape.
these flowers have orange, yellow and red petals with white stamens.
the five numberd petals are large in size and orange in color with rounded stamen and smaller pistill
this flower has big rounded petals that are orange and yellow.
this flower has small, very rounded petals of orange with red veined accents.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
a flower with short and narrow petals that are a burnt orange color.
this little orange flower has two sets of bow tie shaped petals.
this flower is orange and white in color, with multi colored petals.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow patches and dark dots
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovary.
the flower shown has a tubular shaped blue petal with white pistil
the petals of this trumpet-shaped flower are deep purple with gray patterns, encircling a yellow pistil.
the deep purple petals have green spots and form a vase shape around a green stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stripes
this flower has a bright green sepal holding a trumpet shaped bright blue petal.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a wide star shape with pointy-tipped indigo colored petals.

the white petals are separated withe the ovaries being at the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower petals is large and white with a yellow inside
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a center that is yellow in color.
the bright white of this flowers petals is offset by the light yellow of its stamen.
this flower has overlapping layers of soft white ruffled petals.
this flower has white petals and has many yellow stamen
this flower has petals as well as a pistil. it is colored white
this flower has white petals with ridges at their center and thin yellow stamen.

a lavender flower with deep purple on the edge of petals and deep green colored stem.
this flower has thin blue and white petals as its main feature.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the flower has petals that are mostly white with blue tips.
these are purple and white petals and a green pedicel
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large and very smooth white petals with dark purple edges.
the flower has white and purple colored petals and small, dark green sepals.
this flower has large white and purple petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has blue edges

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
inner petals are needle shaped,and are purple in color
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has large white petals and a light green pistil.
this flower is purple, white, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals and has long and stringy stamen
the flower has thin long white petals with green stamen.
this flower has a row of elongated greenish petals under a row of needle like lavender white and purple petals.
this flower has a row of elongated greenish petals under a row of needle like lavender white and purple petals.

this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
this flower has the white petals at the bottom and the yellow shaded brown lined petals at the top
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the middle and multi colored.
this flower has white and yellow petals, that are surrounding brown streaks towards the center.
the flower has two layers of petals in which one of the layer is white and the other is yellow and also the petals are soft and smooth
this flower has five round pale purple petals with yellow and white accents.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
these flowers have sparse white and yellow petals with brown stripes.
this flower has smooth petals that are white and yellow.

this trumpet-shaped flower has white petals that are purple closest to the center, and that project straight from the pedicel without surrounding sepals.
this flower is tube shaped with white petals that have a touch of purple inside the tube.
white trumpet shaped petals with purple protruding from their centers and a green sepal and pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are in the shape of a cone.
the flower shown has a white tube shaped petal with green pedicel
a tube shaped petal which is white in color protect the white pollen tube.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has a trumpet shaped petal that is white in color.
dew kissed white flower with circular shaped white petals with purple center.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading

the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has long pink petals and long pink stigma in the middle
the flower is pink in color and has thin skinny petals that fold outward.
this pink flower has petals that are spaced apart and long with the stamen and anthers being clearly seen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has long, very thin pale pink petals with curling tips.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
a pink flower with green sepal and the black anther and pink filament
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin

the flower has dark purple petals that are large and quite wilted.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are drooped down ward.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded down
this flower has a drooping purple petal and green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink lines
this flower has a drooping head and thick, dark purple petals.
this flower has dark red colored petals with irregular lighter markings.
this dark red flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
a cup shaped dark purple flower with a green stem.

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
a flower with lavender petals and no visible pistils or anther filament.
this flower has a pink petal and no visible anther filament
this flower has pale pink petals with light green pointy tips.
the floer has petals that are alternately shaped and light pink in color
this flower has a dense amount of thick light pink petals.
the flower has several oval pink petals that are pointed on the end.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and green on the tips.
this flower has vertical layers of pale pink petals with pointed green tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers

this flower has petals that are pink with red circle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
stamens are white and longer,peals are pink in color
the petals on this flower have a circular design and are pink and the filaments stick out
this is a pink flower that turns white toward the receptacle.
this flower has small pink petals with designs in shades of pink and rose.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are multicolored and rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple circle
a flower with petals that are different shades of purple with purple pistils.

the flower shown has petals which are smooth and white and yellow in color
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are yellow and have red colored sepals.
this flower has five large, smooth white petals with slightly pointed tips and bright yellow centers.
a flower with yellow and white petals with no visible pistils showing.
this flower has five very smooth round yellow petals with white edges.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has bright yellow petals with white tips and a red center.
this flower has five smooth oblong petals that are white with yellow.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
the flowers have dense petals that are orange, long and thick.
this bright orange flower has an outer row of thin oblong shaped petals .
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
the petals of this flower are orange and the pedicel is green
the flower has many long oval shaped orange petals with orange stamens.
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

the flower has iridescent orange petals and two sectioned yellow anthers.
shiny, waxy petals with identical yellow stamen with rectangular anthers.
the flower is made of waxy petals that are yellow in color and have a center of yellow anthers.
the flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
the filaments and anther are yellow, surrounded by overlapping, glossy petals that are also yellow.
the petals are flat and golden in color and the stamens are the same gold color.
this flower has yellow, shiny petals and a bunch of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded upwards
the flower has very smooth petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.

the petals on this flower are white with yellow in the center.
a flaky looking large white pedaled flowers with a yellow center.
the petals are bent a little and are colored white.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the delicate petals are pale pink and ruffled and the anther is yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has thin white petals with a yellow sigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.

this flower has a long pedicel and at the top are many pointed petals and at the center there are many yellow stamen.
this flower has a skinny pink petal and has a pink anther filament in the center
the flower petals is a pinkish in color with yellow color
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has purple and white petals with purple anther and yellow filament
a pale purple flower has thick stalk and bright yellow stamens
this flower has purple petals that have many yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of pale purple petals with a yellow center and purple stamen.
this flower has dozens of very pale purple petals, long and slim and layered, and yellow stamen sitting atop a thick, green pedicel.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are very light purple.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has large red petals and a few yellow anthers in the center of it
this flower has petals that are red with deep lines
leaf like petals that are bright red with a yellow stamen in the center.
the petals of the flower are red in color with small yellow berries.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is red and green in color, with leaf like petals.
this flower has petals that are red with green stigma
a flower with leaf like purple petals that surround light green stamen with white anther filament.
the petals on this flower are mostly dark red in color and the inner stamen is the color white.

this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
a purple trumpet shaped flower with heavily speckled interior, clustered on green stem.
this is a stem of trumpet shaped lavender flowers with white on the inside with deep colored spots, also has deep green stem and leaves.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
these flowers has a lot of pinkish petals with dark spots on it
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a group of bell shaped purple and white flowers with black dots.
this flower has small green sepals that hold purple bell-shaped petals with spotted insides.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
a flower with triangular orange petals and central cluster of orange stamen
the flower shown has orange petals and several yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has ten elongated orange petals surrounding brighter yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has a dense center of yellow stamen surrounded by a ring of ribbed orange petals.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this orange flower has pointed petals and yellow orange stamen.

this flower has elegant red rimmed white petals surrounding thin white stamens.
a gorgeous red and white flower with red petals covered in splashes of white and light green stamen.
these flowers have white and red petals, white anther and filament, and green sepal.
this is a flower with red and white petals and long white anthers.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the long white stamen of this flower are surrounded by petals that are mostly white in color but have bright red edges.
this flower has red and white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is trumpet shaped and has petals of white and coral orange stripes.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with red edging.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines

the stamn are longer with larger anthers that hang over the petals
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has long white petals and long white stamen on it
several delicate pink blossoms on a single stem, the petals are long, narrow and curved back towards the stem, the stamen are long and straight.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has tall, upright filaments with tiny anthers and long pink petals with curly edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has long pink petals and long pink stamens.
this flower has very thin pale pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the four petal flower is a sunshine yellow color with a center highlighted by several filament stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are golden with golden colored stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has a cross-like configuration of bright yellow petals surrounding a small clump of stamen.
the beautiful yellow flower has four sepals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape with bunch of stamens in the center
a flower with four large pedals and a golden center stigma.

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this light pink flower has a prominent dark pink pistil.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has small white petals and small purple anthers on it
this flower is relatively small and has white petals on it.
this flower has light pink petals, a burgundy sepal, and light pink stamen.
this flower has papery, light pink petals and long white stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petal that is light pink.
a group of white and red flowers attached to a stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red tiups

these white veiny flowers have large leaf like petals and green stamen
the white petals that is look like a leaf, with green stamen at the center.
the white petals are broad and flat, the stamen is a small cluster in the middle, underneath the petals is surrounded by sepal.
the flower shown has white petals with green sepal underneath
this flower is white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are green with patches of white
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has white pedals, green stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has large, white petals in a variety of layers.

this flower has petals that are dark pink with dark pink stamen,
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
purple petals with yellow and purple stamen green leaves along the stem
this purple flower is a few shades darker than periwinkle, and is shaped like a leaf, with a few pollen tubes protruding from the center fold.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are purple colored.
this bright purple flower has golden white stamen coming out of three petals.

this flower has white petals and purple sepals. it appears to be part of a vine or tree.
the white flowers, delicate and cup-shaped, are clustered together on the tip of a long, thin stalk with their purple buds.
this flower has white petals and magenta colored stamen extruding from the insides.
flowers grouped together in spike unopened flowers purple opened flowers white.
this flower has a group of flowers on a stem that are all purple.
this flower has white petals with very pronounced purple stamen.
this flower has white petals with long red styles
this flower is pink and purple in color, with wavy and thin petals.
a flower with a long and thick pollen tube that is dark purple.
this white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

the petals of this flower are purple and white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with purple edges
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are blue on the edges.
this is a small flower that has white petals with blue on the ends.
a flower with a long green stigma surrounded by many small purple and white petals.
this flower has small bell shaped petals which are white in color with purple tips.
this flower has small and very round petals which are white with indigo edges.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are wavy and multi colored.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
these flowers are ball-shaped and the petals are white with blue edges.

this flower has five large, white petals and a long sprouting stamen that is red and yellow.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has large white petals and a long red stamen on it
the flower has a very large prominent pistil with many stamen and yellow anthers
this flower has large white petals with a long white style and red stigma.
this flower has a tall and prominent stamen rising out of a red ovary in the middle of a five pointed configuration of oblong white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pink near the base of the ovary.
this flower has white petals, tinged with red in the center.

this flower has lavender petals with dark purple and white spots.
this flower has long purple petals and have spots on the inside of them
long, large petals interconnected in a tube shape; violet in color with dark purple polka dots with white edges.
the petals are tall and purple with some dark purple spots.
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the bell shaped pink flower has fused petals that are soft, smooth and has reddish spots on its inner surface
this is a pink bell-shaped flower that flexes downward with dark pink spots on the inside of the petal.

the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and has orange spots in them
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a long stigma
the large yellow and orange swirled leaves bend downward.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
the petals are yellow with orange spots and the stamen are yellow and orange.
this flower has frilly petals of bright yellow and very bright orange.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the large petals are edged with yellow and change to orange where they meet in the center at the style of the flower.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges

this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled in appearance.
this flower has large red petals and no visible outer stigma
this flower has small red petals which are slightly ruffled and have curved edges.
the flower shown has small red petals with green pedicel
this red flower has the overlapped petals which looks as a bunch
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the red petals flourishes the dark pollen tube on the pedicel
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.
this flower has small and smooth rounded bright pink petals.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green

this flower has thin yellow petals as its main feature.
this flowers petals are yellow and open shaped with also yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has multiple yellow stamen and layer of bright yellow petals.
this flower has small and rounded yellow petals which are shiny and textured.
this flower has a green pistil surrounded by yellow filaments and petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen

the flower has smooth white petals with yellow and black also in spots
this flower has five petals, 4 of them white and one of them yellow with small black stripes coming out of the center.
this flower has upper petals of pure white with lower petals of white and yellow with visible brown stamen.
this flower has four smaller pale yellow petals at the top and a brighter wider yellow petal with black stripes at the bottom.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
the white and yellow flower petals have dark stamens that come to the pollen tube
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines
the flower has round petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has smooth petals with rounded edges that are white and yellow.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have darker veins.
the flower has petals that are pink and white with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
a very large pedaled purple flower with a tall stigma.
this flower has big purple petals with yellow and red stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has smooth purple petals with purple anther in the center.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of pink petals with a wrinkled texture and straight tips.
the large petals have pink and white streaks, the stamen are small and pink

the star shaped flower with petals bright yellow in the inside with a rim or bright white slightly turned in at the edge.
the petals of the flower are white and have yellow accents with green leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
the flower has petals that are yellow with white edges.
a flower with five twisted white and yellow petals with no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
a flower with rounded petals that have white on the edge and yellow in the center.
wild petals that are white at the tips and becomes yellow as it gets closer to the center.
this flower has five white petals that all turn yellow closer to the pistil.

the petals are purple are white and purple and the stamen are yellow.
the flowers has a set of 5 white petals with purple sepals.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and white and yellow
this flower has central petals that are white and outer petals that are purple.
this flower has prominent thin yellow stamen at the center of five white petals and bright blue sepals.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has blue petals as well as a yellow stamen.

white and purple specs petal green middle greenleaf
this flower has a wide green center and numerous stamen surrounded by five round purple petals with pale lilac colored edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with white edges
the flower shown has purple and white petals, and white anthers.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
flower with big bright purple and blow petals and yellow and white pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white edges
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted near the ovary.
this flower is made up of five pink petals with lots of magenta spots closer to the stamen.

this bell shaped flower has pinkish petals red and white colored stamen.
this flower has a very long pink petal and a brown anther filament that is fuzzy
there are several pink, dense petals aligned in a downward slope direction, on a pedicel of the flower.
the flower has a tube shaped purple petal with some dark spots
the flower has pink tube-shaped petals with white and red spots on the inside.
this pink and dark red flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a flower with a long petal that curls outwards and is pink.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple colored on the outside with white spots on the inside.
this flower has lavender shaped bell petals that have plumb and white spots inside them.

this flower is funnel shaped with the outer part of the petal is green with the inner part being white
flower is capsule in shape nad green white,with larger white anthers
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the flower has white anther inside of a green and white petal and a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has petals with an olive tint and a green pedicel.
the flower has white stamen and pistil with white and green petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.

this flower has petals that are orange with hints of yellow
this flower has many layered petals in colors ranging from light yellow the dusty pink.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has several petals that are layered on top of each other and are white.
the flower shown has very small white and peach colored petals
a yellow and pink flower with curved pedals and green leaves.
this flower has layers of rounded peach-colored petals with pale yellow tints.
this yellow, white and pink flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has peach colored oblong petals that form alternating rows.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are large and oval shaped.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth, long and has brown stamens sticking out from the centre
the sepals are huge and are white in color with short stamens.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with green style
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is green
this flower has eight very long white petals surrounding the orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has long white petals placed sparsely in a ring formation.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the petals on this flower are purple with a white center.
this flower has petals that are blue with black lines
the sepals are greener and the flower has one purple petal.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
the petals are bright purple, while the stigma is white.
this flowers has five light blue petals with a deep purple streak in the middle of the petal.
this flower grows on a green stem,it has large circular petals that are white and pink,the pink part looks like a star.
this flower has blue petals with purple lines and a white center
this flower has a wide blue trumpet shape with a purple star pattern accent.
violet petals with darker streaks and white anthers.

the flower has a bright yellow set of petals with its stamen mostly in light green color.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the red flower petals is rounded on the ends.
the flower stamena re shorter and are white in color,petals are red in color
the flower has red petals with white anther and filament
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
flower with cluster of small red, velvety petals, short stamen filaments, short green pedicels.
this flower has dark purple receptacles in contrast to its bright red rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are red and green stamen
a flower with many smell red petals surrounding greenish white stamen.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are all connected.
the pale geen plant has a whitish purole flower petals with long stamen with large anthers
the flower that is funnel shaped and has fused petals that are white but green near sepals and pink near the outer regions
the caved white flowers have hints of lavender and long anthers.
this flower has several conjoined white petals which curl slightly at the tips.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are purple along the edges.
this flower has connected white petals with purple tips and a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has a thick green receptacle and a large white petal with small points coming off of it.
this flower has white petals with curled edges and white stamen in the center attached to a green pedicel.

this flower has pointy green petals as its main feature
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are green and very thin
this flower has white furry petals with many green pointed ovaries.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
spike-like cluster ball of green and white tipped fuzzy petals.
this flower has a globe-like shape consisting of many spiked green and blue petals.
this flower is green and white in color, with sharp pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are greenand has white tips
this flower looks like a puffball,due to its many white stamen.

many white colored stamen with dak red petals
this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
this flower has multiple thin stamen surrounded by overlapping red petals which are wide and rounded.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this red flower has rounded petals and red stamen with white anthers.
this flower has reddish petals in the shape of a spade, surrounding the white anthers in a circular form
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
deep burgundy petals surround a white stamen in this flower.

the flower has many long white petals that are thin and a brown stamen.
the flower shown has smaller smooth white petals with dark stamen in the center
a dark brown circular base of pistil are surrounded by many long oblong whitish petals.
this flower is white and brown in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has elongated white petals and a deep brown center.
this is a white flower with oval-shaped petals and a thick brown pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with black stamen
this flower has petals that are a very light yellow color.
thin white petals surround a series of tiny black stamen with white anthers.
this flower is white and purple in color, with oval shaped petals.

a flower with five segmented white petals and a short, yellow stamen.
this flower is very pretty with subtle white petals.
a white flower with a green center and surrounded by green leaves
the flower is fairly rigid looking. the inside of the flower has visible veins.
a white petal is prominent with this flower as a green pedicel
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a stamen.
the flower has white petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has white petals with yellowish green "veins" running through the petals; the stamen is yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flowers white petals form a five pointed star with a few stamen visible at it's center.

rounded bright red petals and fuzzy yellow anthers ring a dark center cluster of stigmas in this flower.
the flower shown has red petals surrounding the yellow anther and filament
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this bright red flower has layers of pointed red petals and yellow stamen
this flower has a red petal and has a yellow anther filament
there are red oval shaped pedals with yellow stamen surrounding a reddish brown stigma.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
the beautiful flower has red petals that are so vivid, soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers forming disc like shape around stamens
this bright flower has vivid red petals with yellow stigma and round patch of dark red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

the petals on this flower are white with purple trim and are smooth
this flower has white petals and ridges that are dark pink on it
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
the petals of the flower has dark pink border, with red spots around.
this flower has many overlapping layers of pale pink petals with ruffled fuchsia edges.
large, ruffled, pale pink petals with deep pink edges.
white petals with purple outline are the obvious feature of this flower.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink ruffled edges
this particular flower has petals that are short and round with dark pink and white
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges and closely bunched together.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and pointed at the tips.
the flower shown has dark green pistil with yellow petals
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a dark brown center.
this flower has a very spiked, thick center and thin tapered yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green stamen.
the yellow petals surround a large cluster of brownish green stamens.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen

leaves are green in color,petals are overlapping and white in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
this flower has a wide green center surrounded by layers of long, very thin white petals with pointed tips.
this flower has dozens of pale yellow thin petals; the center parts of the flower are green.
the petals of this flower are pastel yellow, while they become orange toward the center and surround bright green stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very thin
the petals on this flower are mostly light yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
this flower has long pointed yellow petals with a dark stigma and yellow anthers.

the light, blue flower had fluorescent colors of purple and pink in the middle.
the round lavender flower has tightly connected petals and a light pink hollow center.
the flower has periwinkle petal that is large and round with a star shaped middle.
this flower has light blue petals and no visible stigma in the center of it
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower has one round shallow trumpet shaped purple flower on a vine like pedicel.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has blue petals that have purple lines on them
this round flower has blasts of purple color in its petals, surround by light blue and purple hues.

this flower has five large orange petals with dark spots on them and also long protruding stamen.
the flower has orange petals with black dots and purple anther
the stamne ar longer with larger and maroon colored anthrs
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has six long, curling orange petals covered in dark spots, and six long, pale filaments ending in long, dark anthers.
this flower has six orange petals with purple spots, six long pale filaments, and six purple anthers.
this flower has orange petals with dark brown spots along them and six yellow stigma with purple stamen.
this flower has long orange petals with red spots, which curl backwards.
the star shaped flower has peach colored petals with purple spots on them and long pointed filaments with a large dark projections on the ends.
this flower has petals that are orange and has purple dots

this flower has several large wide petals, which are light purple, with rounded edges.
the flower shown has smooth purple petals with white anther and yellow filament
this flower has a large pink colored petal and a white stigma
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pink with veins.
a pink colored simple flower has flat broad pink petals that are purple at the base, has a white stigma and yellow stamens.
the petals of this flower are light violet and the pedicel is green
a purple flower with a white and orange center surrounded by large purple petals.
a purple flower with a yellow filament and anther and the leaves are green
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this pale purple flower has pointed petals and white and orange stamen.

the flower has petals that are burgundy, drooping with white spots.
the flower has dark red petals with a dark red pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted
this flower has petals that are red with white dots
this downward pointing red and pink flower has a brown pedicel.
this flower has a dark purple pedicel and dark red petals with lighter spots on them.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple with spots.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this pink and dark red flower has pointed petals and a red pedicel.
this flower has burgundy petals that hang down from a brown pedicel.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thick pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has pink and white huge petals with a red stem.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of white
a few pink petals obscure the stamen and pistil and are arranged in a linear fashion with one on top of the other.
the pink petals of this flower are lined up in a row instead of around in a circle.
this flower has thick pink petals with a red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
the flower has soft oval petals that are pink and white.
the flower has soft, oval-shaped pink petals that are dark in some areas and almost white in others.

a yellow and green flower with layers of petals and narrow pointed sepal.
the flower has yellow and green petals with pointed edges.
this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has rounded greenish petals and is wrapped in brown pointed petals .
this flower has large white petals and a green stigma in the center of it
yellow petals, tinged with green at the base with no visible pistil or stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and have pointy ends
this flower has yellow layered petals with rounded edges and brown outer petals.
this flower has green petals as well as a purple sepal.
this flower has large green yellow tinted petals that wrap tighter closer to the pistil.

a flower with red petals and yellow anther filaments in the center.
the flower has dense red petals that are pear shaped.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals of the flower are bright red, and aligned in two roads.
the flower shown has red petals which surround the yellow anther
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this red flower has a lot of yellow stamen and a brown stigma
this flower has a double of longer red petals that surround the yellow and red stamin and pistil.
this flower has layers of long red petals with slightly rounded edges.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this white flower has a row of crushed petals with the clumsy stamens holding the prominent yellow anthers at the top
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
large white thin wrinkled leaves with many large dark yellow stamen.
this flower has a rounded yellow center and large very ruffled white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has white petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower has big, white and fluffy white petals with a pom pom like round yellow center.

this flower has red green pedicel and pink stamen with petals
the flower has pink petals that are large, curled and wilted.
the petals are light pink and slightly ragged, while there are several long stamens per flower.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this light pink flower has long curly petals with long pink stamen.
the frilly edges of these pink petals surround long narrow filaments.
this flower has pink petals and pink stamen, the pedicel is light green with a bit of red.
this flower has pink and thin petals with long stamen
this flower has thin, long light pink petals that curve away from the middle of the flower.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
the flower has dark red petals with yellow spots on them.
the red and orange petals sit on a green mossy pedicel
this flower is pink, red, and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large red petals and no visible outer stigma
the petals of the flower are in various colors such as red, yellow, and purple.
these flowers have orange an yellow petals attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has red and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading

this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
this flower has petals that are overlapping and orange with orange stamen.
this is a flower with round orange petals on it.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this small flower has smooth and rounded petals in a shade of bright red.
this flower has coral colored petals that form a round-shaped flower.
this flower has red petals that have small and thick stamen
this flower has many different blossoms grouped together and overlapping each other with pink petals.
characterized by broad rosy peach colored petals with even larger broad leaves.
this flower has small red blossoms with tiny rounded red petals.

the flowers are alternately arranged and have yellow colored petals with brown sepals
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are very small.
the flower has long red and yellow petals that are wilting.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow trim
the flower shown has yellow pistil with a purple pedicel
a long plant that is dark in color and yellow pedals attached.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this is a beautiful red and yellow flower with long petals and a long pedecel.
this flower has dark red stems surrounding small, pale yellow petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this bright yellow flower has five round fan shaped petals with a single sepal in the center that has 5 round orange balls on the end of it.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stigma
the flower has 5 large petals that are yellow and visible filament and unique anthers
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has large yellow petals with a long yellow style and orange stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a five petaled flower with yellow petals surrounding long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red sgtigma
this flower has a large prominent pistil and rounded yellow petals.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval.
this simple, symmetrical flower is composed of long, narrow petals that are rounded at the ends, with bright yellow stamens in a circle in the center.
this white flower has oval leaves that sit on top of each other and bright yellow stamen in the center.
the small white flower has many white colored petals with yellow pistil and stamen
this round white flower has stacked petals and a bright yellow stamen.
long white finger shaped overlapping petals with a yellow center.
this flower opens wide with many long white petals around a yellow center.
this flower has a yellow circular center with an array of thin white oval shaped petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the flowers has petals that are purple and trumpet shaped with purple anthers.
the flower is tube shaped and is purple in color and the inside is speckled.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has a long purple petal and a lot of purple stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has cone-shaped pink petals with darker dots leading to the center.
the petals of this flower are white and pink and have burgundy spots on them
the trumpet shaped blooms are lavender with dots of purple on the white trimmed inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower has multiple tube shaped blossoms hat are purple on their outside with white spotted insides.

the flower has purple petals that are pear shaped with green tips.
this flower has thick purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that have small veins.
the flower has purple petals with white anther and green filament
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the petals are purple with visible veins and the stamen are green and clustered.
this flower has smooth lavender petals with white stamen in the middle of it.
this flower has a central clump of green filaments with white anthers surrounded by a ring of overlapping pink and white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a star shaped flower with purple petals encircling a cluster of green stamen with white anther filament.

this flower has orange and yellow petals as its main feature
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has spiraling layers of smooth round yellow petals with blush colored edges.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
this flower has delicate smooth yellow petals that overlap with orange edges.
this yellow and red flower has many densely layered rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow with orange tips.
this flower has yellow petals with orange tips on the outer petals, all spiraled around a central point.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are slightly pink.
a whitish pink colored flower with a yellow pollen tube; looks like there are other flowers ready to bloom.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this light purple flower has yellow anther packed tightly together in the middle.
the peals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light pink rounded petals that form a wheel-like configuration.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has broad rounded light purple petals, a bright yellow stamen, and a green peticel.
this pink flower has rounded petals, yellow orange stamen and a black pedicel.

this flower has large white petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovule.
the flower has large white petals that are heart shaped.
a white a yellow flower with tiny yellow anther and a black stigma.
this flower has petals that are white on the outside and a yellow orange mix on the inside.
this flower has white petals tinged yellow towards the pistil with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with a yellow center.
this flower has heart shaped white petals which have vivid yellow center markings.
this flower has overlapping white petals in a wheel-like formation with yellow at the base of the petals and in the ovary.

a multitude of pointed, slender petals spread out smoothly from the center of pale yellow stamen. the petals fade from rose pink to white on the tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with long thin pink and white petals and manyfold yellow and black stamen.
this flower has a brown and yellow center surrounded by several layers of pink petals with white tips.
the flower has pink and white tipped petals that are small oval and overlapping.
a bunch of flowers that have rows of various shades of pink narrow petals encircling a round center of stamen.
the gold stamens surrounds the stigma of the white and pink petals of the flower
this flower has thing oblong petals that are white and pink and arranged in a couple of layers.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are layered.

the flower shown has red petals with a greed pedicel
this flower has a dark pink petal and a long green stem
there is one petal on the flower, and it is large and red in color.
this flower is red and shiny in color, and has one large petal.
this flower has a red petal and a white and yellow pistil.
this blood red flower has a heart shaped petal and a white and yellow pistil.
the flower has one large waxy leaf that is pink and a large pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has a long white stamen surrounded by a thick waxy red petal with pointed tip.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big styles

a flower with white petals and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has a lot of white petals with dark blue stamen all around it
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this vibrant flower has several thin, pointed white petals forming a star around the stigma, overlaid with a fringe that changes from violet to white to royal blue as it spreads outward.
this flower has protruding stamen and pollen tube, and has two layers of petals, both white and deep blue.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white and nearly flat petals with a lot of blue, flat filaments and upright stamen and pistils.
this flower has purple and white needle-like petals fanning out from the ovule and thick purple, green, and orange stamen.
this flower has an outer row of off white petals with a row of slender petals colored in blue then white then brown towards the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen

this flower has white petals with a green ovule and stigma.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with string stamen
this flower has long white petals and long white stamen in the middle and a green stigma
this flower has three green prominent stigma over a base of cream colored narrow petals with purple bases, and fine entangled stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this flower is white, purple, and green in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has white petals that have long ad stringy stamen with a green style
the petals of the flower are light white in color with an inner ring that is purple.
this unique flower has purple and white petals and a prominent pistil.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has larger anthers that are yellow in color with brighter petals
this strange looking flower has a lot of different color petals
this flower has four large petals with its colors varying from white to several shades of purple with yellow stripes.
the flower has four pointy, multi-colored petals and a yellow pistil.
a flower with multi colored yellow-pink-white-brown petals, with a bright yellow stamen in the center
this yellow, pink, and white flower has pointed petals with a pink pedicel.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow lines
this flower has smooth edged petals that are white, pink, and yellow in color.

the flower is so big that it has disc of stamen on top of the pink petals that are also arranged in disc like manner
this flower has purple petals and several stamen that are black and white.
a unique looking flower with purple petals and long white stamen and in it's center a purple stigma.
this is a flower with pink petals and many white anthers.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a purple flat flower white and a green long stigma.
this flower has wide, rounded purple petals and a thick hairy fringe of purple and white.
this flower has purple petals underneath a layer of flat white filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen

this flower has small rounded orange petals with a stamen that is orange and dark brown.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large orange petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the center
this flower has orange petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has elongated orange petals with long yellow stamen.
this flower is deep orange like a pumpkin with bright yellow stamen with pollen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is characterized by its red orange petals as well as its yellow pistil and stamen in the center.
this flower has a black ovule, light orange anther filaments and deep orange petals.

this flower has petals that are purple with many layers
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
the flower has petals that are pointed and dark pink with yellow stigma.
this flower has purple pointed petals with green petals
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are pointed.
pointy purple and yellow petals stacked on top of each other are the main feature.
this flower has pink and yellow petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has pointy tips
this flower has a vertical layer of thick and spiky pink and green petals.

the flower is made of pink petals with a pink pistil and yellow anthers.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrinkly in appearance.
the flowers has light pink colored petals with a long slender stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stigma.
this flower has large pink petals and a long pink stamen on it
the pink petals are ruffled and the filament is long and pink.
this flower has a very prominent pink pistil with yellow stamen and rounded pink petals.
this flower has five wide and very rounded pink petals with ruffled edges.
the petals are rounded and curving downward and pink in color while the filament is darker pink and the stamen is yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style

this flower is red in color, with petals that are uneven around the edges.
very bright totally orange petals and center
the flower has a very bright orange colored petals even its stamen is of the same color.
the flower has five petals that are orange with orange stamen.
the flower has orange petals with orange anther and filament as well
theses flowers have orange petals with smooth edges and yellow stamen in the middle of it.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are round and pointed with red
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has wide red petals with smooth texture and slightly ruffled edges.

this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
a red heart shaped flower with red petals speckled with white blotches.
this flower has a thick white pistil surrounded by a wide shiny red petal with leaflike veins.
this flower has petals that are red with a yellow stigma
this flower has one large petal that is waxy, bright pink and in the shape of a heart.
this flower is very dark pink and looks like leather with a off white stigma coming out of the center like a long finger that is really bumpy.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big yellow style
this flower has a leather textured singular, red petal with a light yellow stamen and green leaves.
this waxy red leaf is growing around a fleshy spike.
the petals of this flower are wrinkly and silky red and the pistil is tube like

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
p[edicel are brown inc olor,flowers are purple and capsule in shape
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with crinkled edges
this flower has large purple petals and no visible outer stigma or stamen
this flower is purple in color, with wrinkled and wavy petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a dark center
a large purple funnel shaped flower with a group of green stems behind it.
the violet flower has petals that are soft and starting as a narrow tube at sepal and suddenly flaring out as separate petals
these beautiful dark purple flowers have soft looking petals

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin and wavy.
this small, singular flower has petals of a light purple color.
this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped
this flower is bell shaped with purple petals and a green sepal.
this flower has several wide fan shaped petals in a pale violet hue.
the petals of this flower are light purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has small light pink petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has lavender petals with smooth edges attached to a green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen
the flower shown has small yellow petals with green pedicel
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has a full dome shape, comprised of several layers of bright yellow and wrinkled petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this bright orange flower has many ruffled petals and a global appearance.
this large, round flower is made up of many ruffled, golden-yellow petals of soft appearance.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
the very vibrant round flower is a beautiful orange and yellow.
this flower has yellow petals that ruffled together in a ball

the petals on this flower make it look star shaped and all of it is pink
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this is a large, pink flower with connected petals and pink stigma.
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower has a five pointed configuration of bright pink petals with generally smooth edges.
this flower has large and shimmery pink petals with smooth surfaces.
the pink petals form the shape of a star with long red stamens in the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

the pedicel can be seen and the petals are well visible.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a center that is made of yellow anthers.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
there are light purple pedals forming a cup around yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are purple and so is the little pedicel it has

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are small stars.
pdicel is brwon in colormpetals are spiky and are needl shaped
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this blue flower contains a lot of pistils each surrounded by the five string like petals.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this blue flower has pointed petals and a white and green pedicel.
a flower with alot of purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this particular flower has petals that are short and light blue
this flower is green and white in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

this flower has yellow petals leaning down along with a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
the flower's yellow petals are large and drooping, with a pale yellow pollen tube at the center.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
a flower with bright yellow petals with a hint of brown.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this flower has long and broad yellow petals with a tracing of brown.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has large and thin yellow petals whose ends are slightly curled.

this large what flower has a yellow cone shaped pistil
the petals of the flower are white and the center of the flower is yellow.
these white flower petals have a round yellow stamen with spiked yellow flaments.
the pretty flower has long white petals and a yellow center.
this is a white flower with yellow pollen pods
this flower has large white petals surrounding a pistil with a flat, yellow top.
this flower has soft white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen surrounded by large, wide white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are beautiful and white and the pistil is big and yellow

this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the petals are purple with white dots, and are also very smooth.
the flower has a drooping purple petal with white circles on it and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are drooping with pink and dark pink spots.
a nodding purple and white flower with a checkerboard pattern on the petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has plumb and white spotted petals that surround the stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple with spots.
a flower with a bowl shaped purple coloration with a white dot.
this flower has drooping thick petals in shades of mottled purple and plum.

a flower with thin pink and white petals and cluster of white and yellow stamen
a flower with bright pink petals accompanied by white anther filaments and darker pink pistils.
this sun-shaped pink flower has a flower head that contains different colors of stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are white at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
these flowers have pink skinny petals with yellow stamen in the center of them.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are white only on the tips.
this flower has many long slender petals of dark pink shading to light pink at the ends with white and red speckled center.
this flower has pink petals that have red and yellow stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a purple stamen.

the flower has white petals with purple anther and filament and a green pedicel
this flower has small pink petals with long white stamen coming out
this flower is a soft pink and white petals with a long green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a long stem and a few delicate pink pedals.
this flower has small pink petals with long white sta,en
this delicate pink flower consists of numerous small flowers,each one jutting from a long green stalk, with white stamen topped with white anthers.
this flower has a scattering of light pink petals protruding from several inches from the top of the flower.
this flower has numerous tiny blossoms with pink sepals and white petals on a single stem.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are light pink.

this white flower has multiple rows of petal, as well as yellow and orange filaments.
leaves are green in color,petals are rounded in shape and athey are awhite inc olor
this flower has large white petals and a group of yellow stamen in the middle
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
flower has layers of conststently white pedals surrounding an exposed center with yellow stamen visibile within.
this white flower has an outer row of white petals and an inner trumpet-shaped row, and also a prominent yellow pistil
there are many soft white petals on this flower with a yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

a unique looking flower that has multiple colors and long petals
the flower has white thin petals around blue stamen with green pistil in its centre
a very unique flower with white and lavender petals and purple anther filaments.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are round and long.
the stigma is purple and the stamen are purple whereas the petals are white.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is green white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has white and purple petals and a green pedicel
this flower has white petals arranged in a disk type of shape and light blue filaments on top of the petals.

the many outwardly curving petals have a dark base with white spot, and a vertical red stripe through yellow, while the many small stamen have yellow and orange anthers.
curved petals with an orange center that fades out into a yellow color and a large circle of many yellow stamens.
the flower shown has red and yellow petals surrounding its orange and yellow anther
a flower with yellow and orange petal and yellow stamen.
these beautiful flowers feature streaks of red flowing through their otherwise yellow petals.
this is a yellow and orange flower with striped petals and a yellow receptacle.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are yellow and red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange lines
these flowers have orange and yellow striped petals which are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are red and have orange stripes through them

the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and densely arranged in the centre and loosely arranged towards the outer most layer
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
the flower is composed of small petals that are yellow in color and have green leaves.
this flower has man thin yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has layers of thin hair-like yellow petals and hairs.
a wide yellow circular flower with many stacked layers of yellow petals.
a large yellow flower with a golden center in it.
the flower has thin yellow petals with many stamen around the yellow pollen tube

this wide trumpet shaped blossom has curled, rounded petals and accents of purple and white.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flowers are alternately arranged and are purple in color,the inner part of the petals is brown spottde
this flower has long pink petal with a lot of purple spots on the inside
this flower has numerous tubes which are pink on the outside an white insides with purple spots.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has a wide tube shape and a pink bell with open mouth.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
these flowers have petals that are pink on the outside and white with red spots on the inside
this flower is bell shaped and downward facing with pink petal exteriors and white spotted interiors.

this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
this flower has medium sized petals with a yellow line down the middle of them, and they droop upside down.
this flower has a drooping head with several large, papery thin white petals.
this flower's pedicel bends, so the inside of the flower faces the ground; it has long, slightly pointed, white petals.
the flower has a green pedical that has white petals on the top of it.
these flowers have droopy white petals hanging from a green pedicel.
this flower has small white and yellow petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower has white petals with prominent light green veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has white petals, an olive pistil, and a light green pedicel

an alternating color of white and pink, this flower has a star shaped stamen.
these flowers has white and pink petals with green stems.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower had petals that are pink with imprint lines
this flower has wide, circular petals in bright white and pink, surrounding smaller white stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink and white and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower hat thick pink and white petals with a white colored stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink and white petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower is dome shaped and fully covered with very pointed purple protuberances.
this flower has purple petals that poke out all over the flower to make the shape of a sphere.
the round purple flower has many pointed petals that look like like a lighter shade of purple.
spiked purple flower, does not look like it is friendly.
this unique flower features a spiky central set of petals.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pedicel.
this flower has a ball of textured purple buds producing tiny flowers.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are pointy and spike like.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower has a globe-like shape with spiky blue petals on top of a smooth thick stem.

thus flower has many yellow stamen surrounded by long tapered red petals.
the flower has orange petals with yellow stamen in the center of the flower
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large orange petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the center
the flower has many stamen with larger anthers that are yellow in color
this burn orange flower has many pedals that surround a large center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are burnt orange
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are orange and the pedicel is short and green
a flower with orange color petals, disc floret bud and the pedicel are green

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
the flower petals are culrled and are pink in color
this double flower is pink and unfolds from the center.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and dark pink.
the flower shown has pink petals with a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has several tight rows of rounded pink petals.
there are many layers of smooth pink petals upright surrounding the ovule..
this large-headed, medium pink,multi-petaled flower a single stem and petals that overlap to form a rosette shape.

this flower has petals that are red with short steman
this small flower has several overlapping red petals with smooth, rounded edges.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flowers are alternately arranged and are red in color with shorter stamen
small red flowers tight on pedicel with very small hardly visible pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has red stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
round cluster of flowers with large red pedals in circular pattern.
this flower has small red blossoms whose petals are smooth and rounded.

this flower has long white petals with some purple spots on them
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower petals are white in color and spotted with purple color
the flower has petals that are white with purple spots and spotten stigma.
this polka dotted purple flower has a long anther.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are white colored with purple spots.
this unique and exotic flower is white with purple dots all over the petals.
the petals of the flower purple in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that have spots on them.

a group of five purple petals surround this flower's stamen which are not easily seen.
a purple flower with ruffled petals and a dark center full of stamen.
this flower has slightly wrinkled light purple petals and a trumpet like appearance.
five large, thin, blue violet petals surrounding an almost empty looking pistil area.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffle.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a black center
this flower is purple and black in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are light blue colored.
rounded blue petals surround a dark center, atop a dark pedicel.
this flower has lavender petals with a dark purple in the inside

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower grows in small groups and has bright yellow petals and a small stamen.
the petals of the flower are yellow and no stamen are visible.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen
these flowers have yellow layered petals with green stamen in the center of it.
the golden yellow petals are overlapping and the sepals are wrinkly and green.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a small style
the flower has many soft petals that are bright yellow with some orange.
this flower has an overlapping wheel configuration of bright yellow petals with a small notch at their top end.

a white and yellow flower with ruffled petals and dark green sepal.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the white flower has petals that are soft, thin and arranged in disc like manner below a bunch of clustered yellow petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted and curled down.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has many broad flat white petals around a yellow bushy pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a white flower with soft floppy petals with a yellow ovary and yellow stamen.
the flower has very wavy petals that are white with yellow stamen.

the petals of the flower are with with thin white filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has spoon shaped white petals and yellow filament and anthers.
this flower has yellow pistil with flat white petals underneath it
this flower has large white wrinkly petals with a green ovule and long thin stamen with distinct yellow anthers.
this flower has pure white petals arranged in a star shape with yellow stigma and a green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has very smooth, rounded white petals with delicate veins.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.

the flower shown has yellow petals and yellow anthers as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow steman
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is a golden yellow color and is spread open.
this flower has many layers of fringe like yellow petals which are very thin and protrude in multiple directions.
this flower has many long slender yellow petals with long filaments and stamen.
this flower has very thin bright yellow petals layered in a ray formation with spiky stamen at the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

the flower has round edged petals that are purple with white stamen
this bright purple flower has broad, non-sectioned petals and a fairly small pistil.
the petals on this flower are a dark purple with green pedicel as well
this flower has petals that are purple with short stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
deep purple petals surrounded buy lush green foliage and stems!
this flower has petals that are purple and has a black center
the purple flower has five petals that encircle the white pistil.
the flower is deep, royal purple along with deep bright red.
the petals on this flower are mostly dark violetin color and the inner stamen is the color black.

the flower is big and has petals that are soft, smooth, curled and has dark red spots in them
this flower has petals that are pink with black dotd
stamens are longer in length with larger brown colored anthers
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted,
this flower has orange petals with brown spots, and long curved orange filaments ending in brown anthers.
the orange petals have dark brown spots and are curled away from the orange stamen.
this flower has bright orange petals that have dark spots on them and prominent stamen.
this flower has petals that are ornage and has black dots
this flower has light orange petals with dark spots and long orange stamens.
this flower has orange petals with brown spots on it.

this flower has a large light red petal with a yellow spot on the center of it
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has a lot of pink colored petals with the center in a yellow color.
this flower has light pink petals with bright yellow at the base and some petals swing backward while others push forward.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow patches
a flower with short and curved petals that are pink.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and yellow

this flower has clusters of purple bell shaped tubular flowers that have dark spots in their throats.
the stalk of the flower is green made of hollow blooms that are pink in color.
this plant has many hot pink bell-shaped flowers, the interiors of which are spotted yellow and brown, hanging from a tall main stalk.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower has a bell shaped purple petal with white spots
this flower has layers of tube shaped purple blossoms with wide mouths.
a flower with a connected etal that is dark purple with specks on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has pink petals with purple dots on them
this pink flower faces downward and has black speckles on the inside.

this flower is pink andwhite in color, with petals that are pink along the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with shades of green and white
the flower has pink and white petals that are small relative to the plant.
the flower is dark pink and has petal that is extending as a tube and suddenly opening as separate petals
these are trumpet shaped flowers that have pink petals that fold outward at the top.
these flowers have light pink ptals with dark pink edges and an elongated receptacle.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a bell shape
a pink cone shaped flower with five pink petals that get lighter at their center.

the flower shown has yellow petals as well as yellow stamen
small orange stamens surrounded by large, ribbed orange petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with short steman
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this yellow and orange flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
these flowers have yellow petals with yellow stamen and green leaves surrounding it.
round golden yellow pedals with long yellow stamens and large anthers.
the petals of this flower are a golden hue and the stamen are the same gold color.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

sepals are green in color,petals are floret and light pink in color
a flower with groups of folded inward pink and red tinged petals
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched and wavy.
the flower has petals that are overlapping, pink and shaped like a sphere.
this flower has puffy pink petals that have a crumple appearance.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and closely bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
a pink flower with ribbon like pink petals cover it's stamen.
this flower has a dome shape that is made up of many small crinkled pink petals arranged tightly together.

the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming disc like shape
this flower has white pistil and small rose colored petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals of this flower are dark red almost orange, and the pedicel is green
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has bunches of blossoms grouped together, each with small pink rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the petals of the flower are a solid vibrant red color throughout the petals.

this flower has wide rounded purple petals whose edges curl slightly downwards.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals are purple in color and the anthers are yellow.
the flower shown has purple petals and several orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower has purple petals that are pointed and has yellow stamen
this flower has five wide purple petals which are soft with ruffled edges.
this flower has purple petals with curved edges and yellow stay in the center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this tube-shaped flower has an outer blue ring and inner white color around the stamen.
this flower's petals are pure white near the ovary, then the color fades to a royal blue for last two-thirds of the petals.
this flower has bluish petals which fade to white in the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are blue with a white center
a flower with long and curled petals that are white and blue.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this blue and white flower has triangular petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a bell shape

a large number of irregular and wrinkled red petals make the pistil and stamen indistinguishable and nonvisualized.
this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flower has petals that form a ball around the stem.
this round flower has very bright red petals and green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
this pink flower has many, many pedals that are surround by a bed of greens.
this flower has a globe-like shape made up of many small red petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this flower has a cluster of red petals attached to a green sepal.

the flower has many small yellow petals which surround the yellow stamen
this flower has long and skinny yellow petal with a lot of yellow anthers on it
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by several layers of very thin, fringed yellow petals.
the flower petals are yellow in color and are needle shaped
this flower has long and very thin bright yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has many thin tubular yellow petals and a similar yellow shade of stigmas that are much shorter and bunched.
this flower has a yellow center and a fringe of thin yellow petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has pink petals with pink pistil as its main features
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the flower has large pink petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pink stamen.
this flower has large pink petals with long pink stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
a star shaped flower with a pink colored pedals and dots in the flower.

this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are skinny, and wavy.
this red flower has long skinny petals that protrude from the center of the flower in a sphere pattern.
the petals arae needle shaped and are red in color with large du;l pink sepals
the flower is made of red petals and a thick green stalk along with a sepal that is red.
the flower has petals that are narrow upright and red.
this flower has thin tube-rolled petals in shades of dark red.
this flower has dark red petals and dark green pedicel.
this flower has sparse thin spiky red petals and purple sepals.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curled up and skinny.

the petals on this flower are purple in color are drooping
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
wrinkled purple petals with slightly protruding, pin straight stamen.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
this fuschia flower has wrinkled petals that are rounded amd overlap one another, hanging downward from a light green sepal and darker green pedicel.
vibrant pink bell shaped flowers that dip downwards, with wrinkly textured separate petals, and light green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has thick red petals which are wide and thickly veined.

this rose resembling flower is yellowish with a pink fade around the tips
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of pink
an orange and red flower with multi layers of petals tightly wrapped together.
the petals of the flower are yellow and tipped in red and fold inward around each other.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has pink and orange petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has overlapping layers of petals which are yellow with pale pink tips.
there are many yellow petals with bright pink tips arranged in a whorl formation.
this flower has red and yellow-colored petals that wrap around each other.
this colorful flower has yellow petals with red tip that curve around each other.

the flower has one full petal that cover the pistil that is visible and yellow
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
this flower has one large white petal with a yellow long pistil.
a cone like reproductive structure extends up out of this curled white petal.
a large white flower with a cup shaped petal and a large yellow stigma at it's center.
this flower has a large funnel shaped petal with a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large round petal.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and a smooth rounded white petal with pointed tip.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has many petals which come to a slight point and are white shaded with rust and bright yellow.
there are severl flowers of the same species and no stamen can be sen.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
layers of flat, oval petals spread around the deep gold center of this flower. the petals range from sunny yellow around the stamen to a dusty coral at the tips.
these flowers are mostly have mostly oval pale pink petals with yellow petals in the center.
the peach and yellow color of the petals stands out against the dark green leaves and the brown grouping of stamen at the center of the flower.
this flower has a dense amount of orange petals with a yellow pistil.
the petals on this flower are mostly hazy orange, and brown is the color of the stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading

flower with purple and white circular petals on a green stem
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are burgundy with white edges and pink stamen.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with green pedicel
the flower petals has white and dark purple with green leaves.
a group of small purple and white flowers with a silver stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white edges
this flower has large white and purple petals and long white stamen.
this flower has small purple petals with serrated white edges.
this flower has petals that open flat, white at center, then magenta, then white at edges.

the flower shown has green pedicel with red petals and purple sepal
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
this is a pink flower with long petals and green ovary.
this flower has a cluster of thin red petals pointing out in all directions.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with pink, narrow petals stemming out of a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
this flower has small sepals that are dark pink underneath spiky light red petals.

this flower has large yellow and orange petals, with short thick yellow stamen sticking out of the ovule
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
the flower shown has four yellow petals with orange on the inner part of the petal.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rippled around the edges.
the petals on this flower have a dark orange color in the middle and a yellow color around it.
this flower has four tiny and very smooth petals which are orange in the center and yellow at their tips.
this flower has 4 large, rounded petals that are bright yellow around the outer edge and orange on the inside edge/center.
this flower has soft smooth petals with rounded edges and orange stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
this lavender colored flower has several long, slim petals curling away from some long, delicate stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals of the flower are pink in color with pink filaments and anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
these flowers have curly lavender petals with lavender stamen on a green pedicel.
this flower has small long pink petals which are thin and curled backwards.
this flower has pink petals, with pink stamen in the center.
this flower has long pedicels leading to thin purple and pink petals which curve outwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin

pedicel are green in color,petals are dark orange in color and are runded in shape
this flower has dark orange crinkly petals around a center of orange stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this is an orange flower with few petals and a green stem.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a star shaped orange flower with large floppy orange petals encircling many orange stamen.
the petals of the flower are bright orange in color and the stem is thin in shape.
a pistil and orange petals are what distinguishes this flower.

the petals are broad and spine-shaped as well as pink and white in color.
the plant has leaves going in all directions with one full petal that is pink
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the flower has petals that crisscross together and are pink.
this flower has pink overlapping petals and a light green pedicel.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has many long, skinny green leaves and a large and tightly layered pink petal.

this flower has one large flat white peddle that goes all the way around.
this flower has petals that are white with a short stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed in a star.
this is a circular white flower with small pointy white anthers.
this pretty white flower has white petals with sharp edges
this flower has a big white single petal it appears and a small white pistil.
there is one bright round petal the flower is simple yet interesting
this flower is white in color, with one large thin and wavy petal.
this flower has white petals and make a satellite shape
a flower with a single petal that is white with pointed tips.

the flower is violet with petals that are fused near the sepals and separated gradually towards their edges
this flower has papery petals that are fringed around the outside and has darker purple veins and darker throat.
this lilac colored flower has a single petal that is round and and scalloped with pink veins running through it.
this flower purple in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower has purple petals with white spots and a green pedicel
this flower has light purple, papery petals with dark purple veins.
this flower has conjoined lilac colored petals with darker purple veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower is purple and white in color, with dark veins in the petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

the bright yellow petals gradually fade into a white at the oval-shaped ends.
this flower has yellow peddles with white on its edges.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are thin.
yellow and white flowers, each of which have five teardrop shaped petals without any visible pistal or stamen.
these small flowers have waxy yellow petals with white tips.
a flower that is narrow and curved that is yellow with white edging.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has many yellow blossoms grouped together, each with white at the edge of their petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow with white in color and the inner stamen is the color orange.

the large petaled orange and yellow flowers have stamen that are hidden between the center petals.
the flower has petals that are curled along the edges and are orange and yellow in color.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has large orange petals with red spots on them and no visible outer stamen
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower has yellow and orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are yellow and orange.
this flower has large orange petals and ruffled mottled yellow edges.
this flower has large yellow and orange petals with a light green pedicel.

this flower has long thin red petals surrounded by down turned maroon sepals.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
dark red paddles dark red middle dark green leaves
this flower has short pointed purple sepals underneath a sparse arrangement of spiky pink petals.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
the flower has thin long bright pink petals and shorter oval purple petals.
this particular flower has petals that are red and dark red
this flower has long red petals with a light green pedicel.

a cluster of flowers with yellow petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has small red petals that are stacked onto one another
this flower has petals that are red and very small
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are small.
this purple flower is really skinny and long, also with green leaves on the end
this flower has brown pistils with yellow stamen budding from it.
the flower has magenta colored petals that cling to a center mast, and yellow anthers.
this flower has a dark red stem holding thin, small yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red tips

the petals on this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this floating water lily blossom has bright pink petals that have a lighter shade on the bottom than on the top.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are pointed and pink with yellow stamen.
the flower has many pointy, pink petals, that are light pink on one side, and darker on the other.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are rounded with a slight curve, and there are shades of pink, white, and yellow throughout.
this flower is characterized by its bright pink flowers, and yellow pistil and stamen at the center.

the flower has yellow petals with white anther and filament
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this orange flower has the simple row of four petals with the short white stamens at the center
white stigmas peek out at the center of these tiny bloom's orange and yellow rounded petals.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petal of the flower are small and are bright orange in color.
this flower has bright orange curled petals that get darker on the outside.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are range and has shades of yellow
this flower is made up of four yellow clam shaped petals with orange highlights.

flower has petals that are red with yellow tips and red centers.
this flower has petals that are red with a yellow center
a flower with candy corn colored petals with red and yellow stamen in it's center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has numerous small light pink petals that turn yellow at their tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has multicolored petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.
this is a red and yellow flower with a thick red pistil with a yellow center.
this flower has a ring arrangement of small pink petals with yellow pointed tips.

this flower has white petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has long white pears with ruffled edges and a deep purple mouth.
white petals with yellow and purple middle dark green leaves
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow and pink shading
this flower has petals that are white and has a bell shape
a flower with long white leaves and a different type of leave in the center which features shades of yellow and pink
the petals are white with some tube shaped and others flat, with a yellow and pink center that runs through them.
a couple of a large white flower with a purple and tan center.
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

this is a semi-double white flower with pink tips on the petals.
the flower has petals that are upright and white with pink tips.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has very faint pink petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a light pink petal with dark pink tips and no visible stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are darker on the tips.
this flower is long white petals tipped in pink that get closure together closure to the pistil.
the petals of the flower have shades of white, and green throughout, with some petals having a hot pink color at the tip.
this ombre colored flower has vivid pink tips with wide pedals that turns to an off white at the base of the pedal.
this flower has layers of upturned white petals with pointed pink tips.

this flower has petal that are white, white stigma and filaments that are purple.
this unique flower has a bed of purple and white bristle like petals surrounding a darker inner area of entwined stamen and stigma.
this flower has white sepal with thin serrated colorful petals and green and purple pistil.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is an interesting flower as it has different kinds of leaves and a unique sexual structure containing three prongs.
this blue and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has large white petals and a large white pistil.
this flower has wide pale green petals and a fringe of deep purple hairs.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has a row of white petals followed by a row of blue filaments.

purple sepal supporting rounded large purple petals with a dark purple center hiding the pistil.
this bright purple color flower has a whirl of petals shaded with brown at the end
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the petals on this flower are purple with dark purple veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
this is a purple flower that turns dark purple toward the receptacle.
this dark purple and pink flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has lage pink petals with a dark purple color leading to the center.

a bold ray of orange petals, each edged with yellow, surrounds a large center of yellow pistils.
a flower with multi colored red and yellow petals and yellow pistils.
the flower has a lot of orange colored petals with the outlines of each petal yellow in color.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped and pointed.
this flower has orange bodied with yellow tipped petals and a bright yellow center.
this flower has bright yellow petals with orange centers and a large center of yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this orange and yellow flower has toothed petals and green sepals.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are yellow and orange.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges

this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
these flowers has purple petals with pointed tips.
this star shaped flower has five wide pointed purple petals with leaf like veins.
the flower has deep violet petals with dark purple veins.
the filament of the stamens are color white, and the stigma is color purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark imprints
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has a purple star shape with darker, deeper purple veins.
this five petalled flower has visible veins that show in the right light.
the flower is so vivid with purple color and has petals that are soft and stamen are white and sticking out from the centre

this flower has petals that are pink and yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has a layer of yellow petals over a layer of pink petals, and yellow stamen.
the outer petals are pink in color while the inside ones are yellow in color.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has yellow pistil with pink sepal and yellow petals
this flower has petals that are pink and yellow and has yellow stamen
this yellow and pink flower has both rounded and pointed petals and yellow and orange stamen.
this flower has yellow petals with smooth edges that sits on a pink sepal.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has large light pink sepals, yellow stamen, and small yellow petals.

petals are oval in shpae,they are light pink in color
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower has light pink petals that turn downward, and an orange center.
the petals on this flower are pink with orange stamen.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this is a pink flower with a large and thick orange pistil.
this flower has orange and purple stamen and anther filaments and pink petals.
this flower has a round brown center and down-turned long pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a large bulbous orange pistil with a single layer of long narrow pink petals that droop down

this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has ovular spotted purple petals as its main feature.
this lavender color flower is shaded with brown dots at the bottom holds the stamen at the center
the flower has large pink petals with dark purple spots.
a cone-like fushia flower with prominent burgundy spots on the interior which hangs downwards from the stem.
this flower is white and pink in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has deep, rich pink, large and curved petals
this flower has purple, bell-shaped petals with white and dark purple spots.
a purple flower with red dot inside the petal and green sepal and the leaves are thin and green

the flower has purple and white petals with blue anther
this flower has a small white petal with a yellow streak and black spots on it, and small black anthers in the center
the flower is made of petals that are white with pink tips.
this flower has protruding purple stamen surrounded by several large white petals with accents of purple and yellow.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has multicolored petals that are purple, yellow, and white.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has multicolored petals that are white with pink edges and a bit of yellow.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
the flower has small white petals with purple tips and yellow markings as well as purple anther.

a flower with a few large, rounded yellow petals that the interior petals have brown splotches near the base and middle of them.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the petal on this flower is yellow witch spots of orange it also posses a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange spots
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and one that is spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ha orange dots
this flower has large broad yellow petals with orange spots on it, and dark green leaves.
this particular flower has petals that are light yellow and dark dots
this flower has a white receptacle and large yellow petals with mostly smooth edges and orange spots.

this flower has large pale purple petals that give the flower a four pointed star shape.
the flower is blue and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamen forming star like shape
this flower has petals that are purple with whit stigma
this flower is blue in color, with petals that have veins.
four large purple petals with bifid tips surround a white stamen and pistil.
the flower has a lavendar petals with stamens around the white and blue pollen tube
this flower has a pretty bluish color to its petals
this flower has wide bright blue petals with pointed tips and white stamen and a pistil at the center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen

this flower has petals that are bright yellow with yellow stamen.
petals are rounded in shape,they are yellow in color
the flower has tear dropped shaped petals that are neon yellow colored.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
a yellow flower with five petals surrounding yellow filaments and anther.
this yellow flower has rounded petals, many yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has five bright yellow petals with yellow stamens
this flower has five rounded yellow petals, and yellow stamen.

the petals of the flowers are red on the outer layer and pink on the inner layer with yellow anthers.
the flower has white petals with red sepal and yellow anther
five dark red petals provide a background to five pink, cone-shaped petals, which are dark red inside and provide a background to a neat cluster of pale yellow stamens.
the flower has petals of a pinkish hue with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals of two colors, the larger ones on the bottom are red and the top layer of petals are red and pink.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright and dark red and pink in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has very large red sepals underneath a five-pointed configuration of white petals with red spots at their base.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are white colored with red spots.
the petals of the flower formulate a distinctive circle pattern near the base of each petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and red and has yellow stamen

this pretty flower has large yellow and blue petal with a long stem.
this flower has long, very pointed yellow petals which point upwards.
the petals on this flower are yellow and point with some purple petals mixed in as well
this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower shown has long yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has orange petals, with dark purple petals underneath.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the pointy petals of the flower are a vibrant orange color, with shades of yellow throughout.
large orange and purple petals extending from a large pedicle.
this flower has sparsely arranged bright orange petals that have sharply pointed ends.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals that have small and green stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly bright yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
the yellow flower is so beautiful and has petals that are arranged separately in many layers one above the others forming disc like shape around stamen
the flower has several dozen yellow petals and a slightly golden anthers.
the flower has several dozen yellow petals and a slightly golden anthers.
the flower has several dozen yellow petals and a slightly golden anthers.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has curled lavender petals around long purple stamen on a green pedicel.
this flower has long thin pink petals that are wilted and curve outwards with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has curly pink petals and long pink stamens.
this cluster of pink flowers have long petals that curl downward.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are thin in shape.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

this pink flower has many overlapping layers of petals which are very ruffled.
the flower shown has red and pink petals with green pedicel as well
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower has overlapping petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this flower has a irregular arrangement of light pink petals that have jagged tops and are tightly bunched together.
this flower has light red petals with no visible pistil.
this flower has pink fluffy petals layered together in clusters.
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together

dark purple pedals with white stripes and long green leaves light purple middle
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are curled.
this flower has purple petals with a white line on each petal, and a white anther.
this flower has petals that are purple with white lines
this blue flower has two rows of petals with the center white lines and holding the stamens with the blue anthers at the middle
this flower has overlapping purple petals which each have a thin vertical center stripe.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white lines
the petals of this flower are dark purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has tall, pointed leaves, purple petals with white stripes, and purple stamen.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
yellow petals of this remarkable flower glisten in night light.
this flower has five large white petals with rounded edges and yellow centers.
delicate oblong yellow petals with an orange pedicel on this flower.
this flower has a large yellow petal and no visible stigma in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curled at the edges.
this flower has yellow petals that have white edges
this flower has smooth small petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five large yellow pedals with white edges in a star pattern.

this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
the flower is dark pink with petals that are soft, smooth, separated and forming a disc like shape
this flower has five dark purple petals with white along the edges.
this is a flower with dark pink petals that have white on the very tips.
the petals are jagged and purple with a white lining, and white stamen.
four white tipped, toothy edged, vibrant fuschia petals fan out from the white pistil and stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright purple in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has five pink petals with white tips surrounding a white pistil.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower consists of a cluster of small orange flowers with a white pistal and small lavender buds.
this flower has petals that are yellow with whit stamen
the flower shown has white pistil with small yellow petals
the flower shown has orange-yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that have little veins.
this flower has small and thick white stamen along with bright yellow rounded petals.
this yellow and red flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has five clam shaped yellow petals with orange stripes surrounding the white stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white steman

the flowers petals are purple with yellow stamen in between the petals.
a light purple tipped petaled flower with a yellow base and a purple stamen.
this is a flower with large petals that are yellow toward the inside and purple on the outside.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has wrinkled light lavender colored petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has wide pale purple petals with rounded edges and yellow accents.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has many flowing clam shaped purple and yellow petals that get brighter closer to the stamen.

this flower has petals that are pale pink, with pink filaments and gray anthers.
a pink trumpet shaped flower, with the tops of the petals curving outward and long pink filaments in the center.
this small flower has light pink petals forming a trumpet shape with multiple stamen.
the flower has petals that are pink, soft, smooth and fused near the sepals and ending as separate petals that are curly and also the flower has stamen sticking out from the centre
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has a pink bugle shaped petal with curled edges.
the petals of the flower are pink and the pedicel is green and red
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has pink and white petals, a red ovule, and reddish brown stems.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center
the flower shown has layer of yellow petals that turn upwards.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower is rose shaped with yellow overlapping petals and a green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are foled together
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has solid yellow petals that are layered on top of one another.
this rich and bright yellow flower has many rounded, and slightly toothed petals that become densely layered towards the center.
an orange flower with curved orange petals on a dark green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are stacked, red combs.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
a flower with towering red petals all stacked in increments on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are red with ruffled texture
this flower has small red petals that are all bunched together
this flower has vertical layers of thin and ruffled red blossoms.
this flower has many clustered dark pinkish red flowers and a green pedicel
a very red flower with red clumps together and green leafs
this flower has a green sepals and a bright red pistil.

the petals of the flower are orange in color and have thin filaments.
this flower has petals that are orange with long styles
the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
sepals are green incolor,petals are light orange in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and bunched together.
this is an orange flower with overlapping and curved petals.
the flower has creamy coral colored petals with purple anthers.
this flower has large and very wide peach-melon colored petals whose edges ruffle slightly.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a purple stigma

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has broad yellow petals that become more white towards the ovule with long protruding stamen that have yellow and orange anthers
a flower with five individual broad petals and central orange stamen cluster
this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
this flower has a tall yellow pistil and rounded bright yellow petals.
this flower has five slightly overlapping petals which are very rounded and pale yellow in color.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
the peach and yellow flower petals on the peach pollen tube and stigma

the petals of this flower are purple with a brown pedicel
this flower has a purple petal and no visible outer stamen, and it has a green pedicel
thus flower has pointed green sepals surrounding several large purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has thin and sheer pale purple petals with delicate veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded upwards
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
the petals of the flowers are light purple in color and appear in a trumpet shape.
this flower has a small green sepal and light purple petals.

white petals,many larger stamen with anthers
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower shown has white petals and a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a wide yellow center and upturned layers of pale pink petals.
this flower has smooth white and light pink petals arranged in layers and stacked in a cup-like formation.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white and light pink petals with yellow stamen.

the flower has a bunch of yellow colored petals with an orange hue towards the middle.
the overlapping yellow petals with orange colour shade at the lower end and has the short pistil with the anther at the end
the flower has yellow partially fused petals and a thick brown pedicel.
the petals are like a sunshiney yellow with the middle holding a hint of orange
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has big yellow petals with some orange along the creases, the style appears to be in a bell shape with the filament peaking out.
these yellow flowers have wide round petals, and the flowers are grouped together.
this flower has small heart-shaped yellow petals and bright orange center accents.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange center

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this is a yellow flower with red stripes and a large yellow stigma.
this yellow and orange flower has dense many layered toothed petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower has two rows of yellow nd orange petals, a yellow stamen and orange ovule.
this flower has a ray-shaped formation of yellow petals with red stripes down their center.
this flower has pointy yellow petals with red stripes and a green pedicel.

this flower has orange and red mouth colors surrounded by pink petals with ruffled edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped on the inside.
this pink flower is drooping and has a yellow and red center.
this flower has pink petals that flare outward and a brown pedicel.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with a yellow and pink petal.
the petals of this flower are light pink and orange and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi shaped.
these flowers have lavender and yellow petals attached to green pedicels.
light pink petals that resemble angle wings around a tubular petal that has a vivid yellow, orange, red, and bright pink design.
this flower has petals that are pinkand has yellow shading

this is a bell shaped flower with pedals of blue and yellow.
the blue flower could easily be mistaken for a weed since there is only one.
this trumpet shaped flower is purple in color with a short stem.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are are shaped like a bell
some dark blue petals surround the light blue and spotted pitched shaped body of the flower which houses the stamen.
this flower has a tube shaped blue petal with a large white pollen tube and green sepal.
this flower has blue pedals that enclose a light yellow pistil in a bell shape.
single blue petal with five points and a visible white stigma.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this white flower has six ruffled, oval shaped petals with long yellow stamen.
this flower has small white petals and small anthers on the center
a flower with white petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has tall yellow stamen, a short green pistil, and white petals.
this flower has a green pod and thin yellow stamen surrounded by wide white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.

this flower has sparse long yellow petals and many yellow stamen.
lots of slender petals form a pom pom like yellow flower that is very delicate.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this is a beautiful yellow flower, the pedals are long and thin.
the flower has petals that are narrow and yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has many thin, skinny yellow petals of differing lengths and many long, skinny, yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green

this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
white pedals white middle dark green leaves
leaves are green in color,flower is white in color and anthers are larger
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
this trumpet-shaped flower has one petal only and a few stamens.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and its white petals are very smooth.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this is a white flower wide wide, open petals and a narrow pollen tube.
this flower has a large, circular white petal and a white filament.

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has bright red petals that are white towards their bases and curl outwards.
this brightly colored red flower has petals that surround the ovary in a circular overlapping manner.
this flower has petals that are red with patches of white and layers
this flower has multi tangerine colored petals surrounding a bud like center of tangerine tipped white petals.
a flower with a group of red pedals and a green stem.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and has patches of white
the petals of the flower are layered and are red in color with green leaves.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are red with some white hues.

this flower has several overlapping layers of wide red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this bright redish orange flower has overlapping petals and a bunch of stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has red veined petals with long thin filaments.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and layers of wide, soft red petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
this flower has a large grouping of yellow stamen with layers of round pink petals.

the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have green leaves.
the petals on this flower are yellow and fully enclosed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower has petals that are overlapping and yellow with green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has bright yellow cup shaped petals with a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower have not fully opened, and the petals are a solid bright yellow color.
this flower has layers of large, wide yellow petals with rounded edges.
the beautiful yellow flower is like a ball of sunshine with it's bright petals and dark green leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together

the flower petals has purple and white petals with yellow in the middle.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by five rounded white petals with purple centers, and five pointed white petals with purple tips.
the flower stamen are yellow in color with large anthers
the petals of this flower are white and red with a long stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has white petals with purple spots on them.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple and white.
this flower has rounded and spiked petals of white and purple.

this flower has three rows of bright red oval petals surrounding a nest like arrangement of orange stamens.
the petals are a reddish hue with many yellow stamen.
many bright red petals surround yellow stamen and maroon stigma.
a red flower with a lot of red petals, and a round yellow and brown center.
this gorgeous flower has two layers of petals in a beautiful orange-red color and yellow filament in the middle.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has red oval shaped petals, yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
this bright red flower has pointed petals and orange stamen.
this flower has large red petals with small yellow stamens.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and are arranged in numbers of five.
petal are rounded in shape,they are purple in color
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stammen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged in disc like manner
flowers have a single layer of symmetrical violet petals with hints of white toward the center.
this flower has five purple petals and white stamen.
these flowers have bright pink heart shaped flowers with very short stamen in the middle.
this flower has five rounded and bright pink petals which are soft and smooth.
the flower is a violet color and has five petals and three stamens.

this bright orange blossom is a single petal shaped like a heart, with a long white stigma in the center.
a flower with a large red petal and towering white and yellow pistil.
this flower has a single, shiny orange petal with white stamen.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are red with big yellow stigma
the petals on this flower are mostly dripping red, while the stamen is a corncob.
this particular flower has petals that are shiny and dark red
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style
this orange flower is shiny with a yellow stamen on it surrounded by green leaves.
a flower with one petal that surrounds the yellow pollen tube.

this flower has large white petals and a center that is bright yellow in color
this flower is white, yellow, and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged overlapping each other in a single layer
this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has petals that are yellow in the center and white toward the tips.
thick, pale pink petals with yellow towards the center, and a thick brown pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this white, purple, and yellow flower has rounded petals and a red pedicel.

this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips
pedicel is green in color,petals are oval in shape and are light pink in color
the petals of the flower fold inward and are pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled around the ovary.
this flower has pointed petals that are pink with lines on them.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed and pink.
a cup shaped purple flower with pointy pedals and a green stem.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
the petals have hard structure and are arranged in several layers.
the petals are overlapping each other and are yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has many layers
this flower has alternating layers of bright yellow petals with rounded edges.
a flower with an arrangement of yellow and green petals that form a tight knit at it's center.
the bright yellow petals are layered and oval shaped and the sepals are brown.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

a white petals with a big yellow middle with big green leafs
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
white, fluffy petals surround a vibrant ring of yellow stamen.
this flower has a large orange pistil surrounded by wide paper like petals.
the flower has stark white petals and a round yellow center that makes up its anthers and stamen.
this flower has a thick yellow center surrounded by white petals that are overlapping and wrinkled.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has a fringed yellow center and very ruffled, wide white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this petal has starkly white broad petals and a prominent yellow pistil.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
there are four petals with the stamen not towering over the ovary.
this flower has four broad yellow petals with yellow center stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
the flat bowl shaped flower has yellow petals that are arranged 90 degree apart and has stamens in the centre
this flower has smooth yellow petals attached to a thin green pedicel.
a yellow-orange colored flower standing alone on the stem, with horizontal stamen emanating in all directions from the pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange style
this delicate looking flower has four rounded yellow petals.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of four bright yellow petals with yellow stamen as well.

a large flower that seems to be entirely long purple stamen.
the flower has green sepal with lots of purple stigmas pointing out
this unique plant features a dense arrangement of stamen that are light in color.
this flower features thredlike purple leaves surrounded by pointed green sepals.
this flower has a green base with thin purple petals on top.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are curled upward.
this flower has green petals with long purple stamen coming out the top
this flower has light pink stamen and green leafs that curve towards the petal.
this light purple flower has delicate slim pedals and a think green base.
this flower has pointed lavender spikes embedded in a green leave cluster.

the flower has a bright red petal with yellow filament and anther
the flower has multiple yellow stamen and many layers of red petals.
a yellow-orange stamen sit upon a bed of overlapping red petals on this flower.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are stacked on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are bright red and stamen and anthers that are bright orange
this flower has three layers of ref petals that surround yellow stamen.
a bright red flower with lots of petals and several yellow stamen in the inside.
this flower has red oblong petals. it has yellow piney stamen and there is a bee on it!
the petals on this flower are mostly dark red in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow and black.
this red-petaled flower has three layers of almond shaped petals with a ring of orange stamens in the center.

a creamy white peddled flower with a mustard colored center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by wide overlapping white petals with rounded edges.
a cluster of flowers with white petals and orange pistils in the center.
this flower has white petals and a center that is bright yellow
this flower has whitepetals and has yellow and green stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has soft large snow white petals with a lime green center bordered with splashes of yellow around the center.
the flower has round small petals that are bright white.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has long skinny pink petals with wavy tips.
a flower with red sepals and long thin crimped pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals of this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has long, purple petals and long, light purple stamen.
this flower has curled petals of long, thin pale pink.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pistil.
a flower with a long and narrow petal that is light purple.
these pale pink flowers have long petals with big stamen in the middle.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has several layers of pink petals that turn upwards.
this flower has petals that are pink with patch of purple
petals are rounded in shape and they are light pink in color
the petals on this flower are pink wiht purple bases.
this flower has many petals that are a light magenta with white on edges.
this flower has light purple colored petals that have an oblong shape and are pointed upward.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and point upward while the leaves are green in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this round flower has several overlapping layers of long, pale purple petals.
this deep purple-petaled flower has yellow-tipped stamen and a solid green stem.
this flower has many long narrow purple flowers with darker purple stripes.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are striped.
the flower has petals of a purple hue with yellow stamen
pink and purple stripped, narrow, and long petals coming from a dark purple and light purple center with yellow stamen circling it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the purple flower petals flourishes the stamens and dark pollen tube and stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.

the flowers has multicolored petals ranging from violet, white and yellow.
this flower has a large white petal and a yellow center on it
this flower is white and lavender in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has broad, white pedals with a yellow and black style.
this flower has white petals that are lavender on the outer edges and pale yellow in the middle, there are dark stripes in the center.
the inner yellow petals with dark brown streaks overlap pale yellow petals with purple edges.
this flower has a mixture of purple, yellow, and white petals, and has black streaks coming from the center outwards.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with black streaks.
this pale purple flower has yellow and black accents on its petals close to its center.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines

the flower has a lot of petals mostly in orange color but the middle portion is more on yellow color.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has long orange petals as its main feature.
the flower has orange petals surrounding the yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are orange with many steman
there is an orange center surrounded by several rows of skinny orange petals with yellow around their base.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow shaded center
a burnt orange flower that has multiple layers if orange petals that are long and slender and become lighter towards the center.
this flower has a couple of rows of orange petals that are thin and oval shape in length.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are darker towards the edges.

this flower has a layer of white petals under a yellow petal and yellow stigma.
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow center
the outer petals are star shaped and white while the inner more cup shaped petals are yellow
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are point at the tips.
this flower has thin white and yellow petals as its main feature.
a flower with long and wide petals on the outside that are white.
this flower has large white petals on the outside and smaller yellow ones on the inside.
this flower has yellow and white petals that make a bell shape
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
large arrow shaped sepals with single bell shaped flower with curvy edge and a single pistil covered in golden yellow anthers.

the flower shown has several layers of small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has many round yellow, orange petals that grow all around the flower creating a sphere.
the flower has many yellow petals and no stamen or pistil is sen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bunched together.
this flower is entirely yellow orange in color, with dense wavy petals that give the flower a pom pom like shape.
this flower has a ball-like appearance that consists of a large number of very small yellow petals.

the petals of this flower are white and pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with pink shading and yellow stigma
the flower has petals that are upright, with pale pink petals and dark pink tips, and yellow stigma.
the petals are white with tints of purple at the ends, and the stigma is white with the styles as yellow.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink at the tips.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with purple edging.
the petals of the flower are in variegated shades of white and purple with a center that is yellow.

this flower has white wilted petals with a yellow ovule.
this flower has a large white petal, with a yellow center in the middle
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
the flower has petals that are white with a yellow center.
the petals on this flower are white and very flowing.
this flower hanes white bottles with the light yellow in the inside of the flower
this white flower has no distinctive shape to its petals, but they are rough on the edges and have a yellowish pistil
this white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has white fluffy petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
the flower shown has wavy yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has many layers of bright yellow, curly petals and has greenish petals in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very ruffled
this flower has small yellow petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has yellow petals that are attached to green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has small yellow petals in multiple rows around the green ovule.
a large yellow flower with many small petals layering in a ruffle pattern making a ball shape.
this flower has a dome-like configuration of small yellow petals bunched tightly together.

pedicel is green in color,petals are red sp[oted in color
this flower has petals that are pink with red spots
this flower has petals that are light pink with small dark pink spots an yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals are yellow with pink polka dots all over, while the stigma is yellow.
this flower has burgundy petals with yellow splotches and long yellow stamens.
this flower has long orange petals with spotted accents of bright red.
the stamens have pink filaments with long yellow anthers, surrounded by five elongated pointed petals which are light pink with dense fuchsia dots.
while the stamen is yellow, the petals are long and white with purple spotted across the tops.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with yellow anther and filament
these water lilies are a very dark pink with bright yellow stamen filaments and white outer petals.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by several layers of pointed white and pink petals.
a flower with clustered bound white and pink petals and central yellow cluster of stamen.
these flowers have pink and white layered petals with pointed edges and yellow stamen hairs in the center of them.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and pink and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are vibrant pink and the pistils are yellow
pink petals that get darker in color as they get closer to the center and has yellow stamen in the middle.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has purple veiny petals and gray-green pedicels.
a cluster of flowers with indigo petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has long, rounded purple petals with prominent veins details.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
this purple veined flower has curved and pointed petals with a brown and green pedicel.
this flower is made up of purple petals with darker purple veins in them.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen
this flower has a brown pedicel, green leaves, and deep purple petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple with white and dark colored tips.

this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are purple with green leaves and green stems.
a purple and yellow flower with a large stigma and strings of purple filament.
this flower has lavender petals beneath multiple lavender and long, slender petals that curl and topped by a large pistil of large white anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has wide pale purple petals under a layer of thick purple fringe.
this flower has a protruding yellow stigma that sits atop its petals that are the color of a purple and white bulls eye sunbeam that has been fringed.
a flower with long and curly pistils that are purple.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this is a unique flower with irregular pink petals in which several are on top and more are on the bottom. the yellow inside is sandwiched in between the unique pink petals.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green sepals.
this flower has large light pink petals that turn yellow close to their base.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this pink flower appears to have two separate petals consisting of a top laying on a larger bottom with two yellow spots.
this flower has pinkish british stimia with the yellow and inside
this flower has asymmetrical petals that pink and yellow colored.
a flower with yellow and pink floppy petals that are stacked in multiple layers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has rounded and very smooth pink petals with yellow accents.

this flower was large, rounded pure white petals with equally long green sepals.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
this white flower has star shaped petals and a red stigma in the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
bright white oval pedals surround cluster of ball shaped white filaments with purple anthers.
this flower has a wheel-shaped configuration of smooth oblong white petals with thinly clumped stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
the big flower has white petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner with a bunch of stamens with white filaments and brown anthers
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

sepals are dark green in color,petals are dark maroon in color
this flower is dark purple in color, with petals that are curved down ward.
the flower is inverted, dark red and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the supporting pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple and hanging downwards
the flower has pink petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has dark red petals and an olive green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and is folded downwards
this flower has very dark plum petals and an earth green pedicel
the petals are deep blood red and form a tight cylinder.
this flower has large, broad, purple petals and a brown-green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower has a central pod and black stamen surrounded by smooth, rounded red petals.
this flower has two overlapping petals with the top petal looking like a trumpet.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
outer petal is rounded in sahpe inner petal is capsule in shape
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has red petals that fold together and has green stamen
this is a round shaped red flower with a darker colored center.
a flower with one large red petal around it's center and another outer layer of two petals.
the strange looking flower has red petals with a brown inside

the flower has white petals with a pink style and green pedicel.
the flower has large white petals that are oval shaped with pink specks.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple patches
white petals with a purple end at the bottom and small purple blotches.
this light and dark pink flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has delicate white leaves with purple spots and a purple pedicel.
the pale pink petals have a flat, dark magenta base and the pedicel is maroon.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the bottom.

the petals of this flower are yellow and brown with a long stigma
this is a flower with large yellow and brown pointed petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are black down the center.
the flower is big and has soft, smooth and lengthy petals that has stamens in the centre
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stripes
there are many vibrant orange and brown long pointed petals in a star formation surrounding a brown and green stamen covered broad ovule.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped down the center.
this flower has wide pointy-tipped yellow petals with vertical red stripes.
this flower has a single row of petals that are yellow with red stripes at the middle.

this flower has petals that are orange with black dots
the inverted flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth, curled and has spots on the inner region and also the petals are supported by pedicel
this flower has green filament and yellow and purple petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with brown spots, green filaments and dark orange stamen.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has green stamen, orange anther filaments, and orange and brown spotted curved petals.
this flower has yellow-orange, looped petals with brown spots that protrude from a green pedicel and four stamen that branch out from the center of the flower with green filaments and dark orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
a strange looking flower with four orange petals with black speckles on them that are folded inward.
this flower's petals are orange with brown spots and they curl back towards the stem.

this large flower has large, skinny, red and yellow outer petals and many white stamen.
the flower has long pointed petals that are red on top and white on bottom.
this flower has petals that are red with stringy stamen
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are red on the edges.
this flower has pointed petals that are red on the tips and fade into a white color has they near the center.
this reddish flower has a lot of green sepals and a lot of white and yellow tsamens
the petals of this flower are red and yellow, the pistil is white, and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has a ring of pointed red petals around a ring of short white filament.
this red and white flower has pointed petals and green and white stamen.

this flower is unique because the outside of the petal is fuzzing with hair like structures.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the flower shown has a large purple circular petal that is furry on the top edge.
the flower shown has a bell shaped purple petal with spots of white
this flower has pink petals that have purple dots on them
these pink, bell shaped flowers have white and red spots inside them, and hang from their sepal on alternating sides.
this pink flower makes a tube shape with strange dotted patterns on the inside.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is pink and white in color, with spotted petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with long white style
this flower is pink and white in color, with only one large petal.
the petals on this flower are pink with a white pistil.
this flower has one broad, red, waxy petal with a long, white pistil.
the petals have a waxy pink appearance. the stigma is a light yellow. the leaves are broad and have light yellow striations.
this flower has a very tall and thick white pistil sitting at the top edge of a pink heart shaped leaf.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large petal.
this bright pink flower has a single petal with a single long stigma protruding like a tongue.
a flower with one large shiny heart shaped petal encompassing a corn cob shaped stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are droopy.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
the flower shown has bright yellow colored petals with black markings
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
a flower with broad striped yellow petals and yellow stigma.
this flower has bright yellow petals that have smooth edges and a few darker stripes on them.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
the flower has bright round petals that face down and yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals that are rounded at the end and are very open

this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are wilted.
a flower that has very light colored lavender petals and white stamen
this flower has a purple petal and purple stamen
the flower has five petals that are purple in color and a thick green stalk.
the petals on this flower are purple surrounding white stamen.
this flower has a star-like configuration of petals that are very pale blue in color and light stamen.
this flower has large, light purple petals with several small white stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is big and green
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wavy.
this flower has a green pedicel along with beautiful purple petals.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals are thin, curled outwards, and white/light purple in color.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the petals are light pink with the stigma being bright pink at the ends and the sepals being green.
this is a small flower with long petals and pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this beautiful delicate flower has long thin curled petal with a lite pink color.
this flower has a straight green pedicel and pink petals that have curly ends.
this pink flower has curled petals and pink stamen with white anthers.
a large group of purple and white flowers with pedals that curl up at the tips.

the white petals of these flowers make the scene very appealing to the eyes.
the flower have sharp pointed petals that are alternating in colors of blue and white.
this is a blue and white flower with slim petals a stick like leafs
a group of white and purple flowers with green leaves
this flower has small white and purple petals surrounding its green anther
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower seems to be a resemblence of happienes.
the pointed petals are a gradient of light blue and white and the stamen are green.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen
this flower has layers of small, pointy-tipped white and blue petals.

this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointy.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
the flower shown has a prickly pedicel with light purple petals.
this flower has stamen that are pink and very stringy
this flower has purple spiked petals as its main feature
this flower has a lot of very thin purple petals sitting atop its spiky green sepals.
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are purple.
this flower has pointy green petals that have pink and stringy stamen
this flower is pink in color, with very skinny and bunched petals.
this flower has a green spiky base from which protrudes a fringe of pale purple.

this flower has pink, pointy petals, and spiny protective area around the pistil.
the sharp tipped petals are a mixture of pink and white and form a staggered shape around the center which is filled with many very sharp and pointy stamen surrounding a lavender colored round and thick pistil.
this flower has the pink petals with many rows of clumsy white stamens at the middle
this flower has petals that are pink and very think with green stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower consists of pink and white pointy petals surrounding a bunch of pink and yellow stamen.
flower with numerous thin petals that are a deep pink on the tips and lightens to white in the center, where there are pink and yellow stamen and a lavender purple center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and white stamen
this flower is surrounded by a row of very long very pointy pink and white petals that point up.
this flower has a ring of spiky pink and white petals.

the petals are purple, the flower is completely open reveling the off white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy purple stamen
the flower shown has purple petals with a yellow pistil
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a bottom layer of dark purple petals with a top layer of very long and thin purple petals that look like they are wiggling.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
the petals of the flower has a hair like texture, and consist of various shades or purple and blue.
this flower has short petals and hairy anthers.
this flower has long purple petals and a layer of purple filaments with wavy ends.
this flower has long purple petals and a large pale yellow pistil.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the flower has a lot of yellow small petals with alot of green leaves
the flower has small dense petals that are yellow colored.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and are crinkled in shape.
this flower has a dense amount of small yellow petals and a green center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has many curled yellow petals, a green center and green pedicel,
the multiple, small yellow petals on this flower curl away from the receptacle area in concentric rings to create a spherical shape.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has numerous upwards a pointing yellow petals which are long and thin, with pointed edges.
this flower is yellow, blue, and brown in color, and has petals that are pointed.
the petals are long, yellow and spiky, with one petal that is larger and sticks out towards the side.
the petals of this flower are yellow, and they come to a point.
spiky yellow petals grow vertically from a large green sepal with rust-colored edges.
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are skinny and pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has very thick and sharply pointed petals in bright hues of orange and indigo.
this flower has tall bright orange petals that stand upright with pointed tips.
this flower has yellow spiky petals, and spear shaped leaves.

this flower has bright red petals that protrude fro a yellow pedicel with red and yellow stamen visible.
bright yellow stamen in the center, surrounded by round red petals.
the flower has dark red overlapping petals and red spotted stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has bright red petals and golden orange stamen.
a yellow receptacle and sepeal with large rounded petals on slim stalks and thicker yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow ovary surrounded by a loose ring of bright pink rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are red and overlap each other
this flower has red petals with yellow stamen and orange anther filaments.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.

this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
a bright yellow long pointed petaled flower with very dark center on a green stem.
this is a flower with long, skinny yellow petals and dark brown or black anthers.
this flower has a wide, rounded brown center surrounded by long yellow petals with rounded tips.
this flower has a round brown center surrounded by thin yellow petals.
there is a single layer of long thin yellow petals surrounding a black stamen covered ovule.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has many small bright yellow petals with a round dark brown pistil.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the leaves are pink in color with white colored flowers
this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stamen on it
this flower has numerous light pink petals which are pointed and veined like leaves.
the flower has long red petals that have deep veins.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has imprint lines
this flower has pink petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has loose layers of large petals in varying shades of pink.
the flower has many large soft petals that are pink colored.

a flower with white petals and orange pistils and anther filaments.
the petals are a whitish hue with numerous yellow stamen at center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has white and large petals and yellow stamen.
this fluttery white flower has soft large petals and whispy yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a thin yellow center surrounded by very ruffled white petals.
this flower has frilly ivory white petals with bright yellow stigma and steman.
this flower has a dense center of yellow stamen surrounded by large wrinkled white petals.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow steman
this flower has one large petal surrounding the stamen that is white at the base and purple on the center and edges.
the flower has a bell like shape and it's petals are mostly violet but white on the inner most part.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are curled over on the edges.
this flower has large purple petals and a long green stigma on it
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow style
bell shaped purple flowers with white stamens visible and green antler.
this purple and white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has tall yellow stamen and a pistil with bright purple petals.
this flower has petals in shades of purple that start very pale around the style and become darker as the petals unfold,with sepals and pedicels of bright green.

this flower has petals that are white with purple filaments and pale green stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with string stamen
a yellow and purple flower that has large rounded petals on the bottom and skinny purple filament.
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has outer cream petals and inner light purple straight line petals that become darker purple towards the center that displays enlarged yellow stamens.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy stamen
the magenta filament and anthers fan out from the yellow pistil region to extend over the petals.
the petals of the flower are white in color with light purple inner stringy petals.

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the flower has yellow petals that are curved and thin.
this flower has petals that are white with a patch of red
this pale yellow flower has an outer row of star-shaped petals and an inner trumpet-shaped row, and also a prominent red pistil
the petals of this flower are yellow and red with a long stigma
this flower has yellow and red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a red patch
this flower has large white petals with delicate ruffled edges and pink accents.
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
these flowers have soft yellow petals with red stamen in the center of it.

