A closeup of a sandwich on a red plate.
A doughnut shop with a large doughnut-shaped sign and several customers.
A man is walking with an umbrella on a snowy day.
Three people in ski gear are riding in the ski lift.  
someone is cutting open an envelope with scissors 
A giraffe bends down to graze on some grass. 
Black and white photograph of hands on a keyboard.
A man on a bicycle is looking at a semi truck.
An animal print hat sits on top of a hydrant.
An elevated subway train in a major city on a sunny day.
TWO PELICANS ARE RESTING ON THE ROCKS BY THE WATER
Fog hangs over a green field filled with cows.
A giraffe in a gated zoo type environment
A person on a snowboard in the snow.
A metal statue of two women sitting on a bench.
A blurry picture of light coming through the windows
People sunbathing near a beach under colorful umbrellas
Three people walk down the street with their umbrellas protecting them from the rain.
four women sitting on a bench and one is standing
a bed room purple walls and a small bed 
A bull walks through the middle of the street.
A shower in a person's bathroom in their home.
A black computer keyboard, mouse and mouse pad on a desk.
A small chihuahua sitting in front of a plate of food.
A man and two dogs on a green surfboard out on the water.
A car behind a parking meter that has a decoration on it.
Donuts being processed at a bakery, moving along a conveyor.
A pilot in a jet taking off of a runway.
A bear made out of gummy bears in a candy store.
A book with the name The Camera Phone book on it.
The children are showing their appreciation for the gifts.
A female diner showing her plates of pizza.
Large white ship dock next to an airplane on the water. 
There is a cow in the middle of a busy road
Giraffes in a dirt field with some patches of green.
A man with a hat is throwing a frisbee.
A snowboarder all decked out in safety gear.
A light pole with a street sign, outside of a building.
A woman flying a kite as other walk nearby
there is a snowboarder that has fallen n the snow
A mountain range with skiers going down the slope.
a bunch of horses are walking down the road
A clock tower and dome top an old skyscraper.
A red double decker bus on a wet road.
Woman standing on floor performing with onlooker nearby.
The kitchen is clean and ready to use. 
this woman is returning a served tennis ball
Two children smile as they sit on the bed playing video games.
A yellow and white boat parked in a harbor
Three cows in a pen staring at the camera.
A person is on a bed filming another person.
a train that is on some kind of train track
A young black boy swinging a baseball bat.
A man riding a motorcycle with his dalmatian dog sitting on the back.
We see a young man running into the surf with his board.
a food being cooked in an oven that has overflown 
A lady is walking along side a blue train.
a man standing in an archway looking at a  man sitting down
A desk with various electronics and a computer with a screensaver
The bus has the lights on as it travels down the road.
Kitchen area with cabinets and cooking appliances on counter top.
A couple of giraffe standing next to each other on a tree covered field.
A laying on a chair with an umbrella on the beach.
A blue and white surfboard resting against a wheelbarrow in a backyard.
a picture frame on a desk next to some flowers
A man sitting at a table while looking at a computer.
Young man carrying orange kite walking over a hill during sun rise.
Two boys hold an orange frisbee with two stuffed animals behind them.
a white dog wearing a red polka dot tie sleeping on a chair 
A five layer cake sitting on top of a  wooden table.
Grainy photograph of thinly sliced fruit in a bowl
Many people lie on the beach underneath colorful umbrellas.
Mom has to help him eat his hot dog and bun.
A rubber cookie key ring attached to a cell phone
A beach with a bird and buildings in back.
Young man getting a beer from the kitchen refrigerator 
A transit bus parked at a stop on a street side.
A living room with purple couches and hard wood floors.
The fire hydrant in near very long grass on the sidewalk.
A hand in a purple glove holding a hotdog bun full of chili.
A plate with hashbrowns and bread and cup and drink.
People dressed in business casual clothing stand around a table of hors d'oeurves.
Commercial jetliner with a kangaroo design on its tail
a bedroom with a big bed and a door
A crowd is gathered at a fence line to oversee an event on a rainy night.
A bowl with cereals, a spoon, apples and a packet
A person sits in a stadium holding a wound up hose.
A man wearing a tie and a sweater.
A narrow men's room features no privacy for its urinals. 
A plate full of food that has carrots and some meat on it.
A tray with a glass lamb next to a pot of flowers.
A golden retriever dog sitting on a window sill. 
Pedestrians are walking along the sidewalk by a building.
A pizza with multiple topping ready to be cut.
An empty room with a light is currently on. 
A snowy expanse covers an area outside of a small area with hay, penned in with stakes and barbed wire, that also houses a large evergreen,providing shelter to a large huddle of big sheep. 
a baseball player a batter is on a field
A train arriving at a train station where a few people are waiting.
An aircraft is flying high in the blue cloudy sky.
a person flying a kite near a tree
Two cats sleep together in a open case. 
a broccoli plant in the ground near other plant life
A zebra is eating grass next to sticks. 
A train engine on display next to a set of stairs.
A woman that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet.
A fuel truck is aboard a ferry and riding to the other side.
A kitten with its front paws on a keyboard.
A chocolate cake with flowers and purple candles.
A very big pretty elephant laying down in the water.
This fluffy dog is loaded up wit some gear.
an image of graphic art on a garage door
A dog pants next to a bowl of water on the ground
A slice of casserole with steamed broccoli on a plate.
A chandelier hanging above a table with a vase of flowers in front of a window 
A girl is posing on a bright blue motorcycle.
a partially eaten piece of quiche by a keyboard 
A vintage teddy bear cuddles in the midst of pillows.
Truck parked on a boat with people on it and one on land.
Produce sits in bowls ready to be sold. 
A woman is holding a gray kitten near a bathroom.
Woman and man pushing large sausage onto roll
A slice has been taken from the cake topped with Oreo cookies.
An illustrated bear holds a kite next to a tree.
A group of boys are waiting to ski.
A bird that is sitting on the branch of a tree.
A dog standing at the edge of the water.
A couple of people on a road riding on elephants.
A vase full of flowers on a bathroom sink counter. 
