Three red and white cows huddle together in a wide open field on a cloudy day.
A kitten watching a television that is turned on.
some red and white jets parked and lined up at an airport
a person is preparing to hang glide in the sky
A man sitting on a bench with a teddy bear in his book bag
someone using a mouse at a computer with separate keyboard
A close-up shot of a man on a surfboard riding a wave.
a druck with assorted stuff on the top of it 
Two children stand near a large teddy bear.
A fork and bowl of broccoli, cauliflower and pork.
A boy throws a baseball into the air.
Giraffes and elephants gather next to the water to drink.
A pan pizza and a thin crust pizza.
A man who is holding a rainbow colored flag.
A man wearing a suit stands lecturing before a group of people. 
A man in black jersey pitching in baseball game.
A long sandwich is topped with red peppers.
A large elephant standing next to a baby elephant.
A man on a pair of skies near a building.
Two birds standing on rocks that are in the water. 
The vases stand in the corner of the room as an accent decoration.  
A group of baseball players playing a game of baseball in a field.
A glove is tied to a stop sign on a street corner. 
A little girl is all happy as she sits at the table with her cup sitting on the containers of cheese. 
Women worker looking at rear view mirror smiling
A group of giraffes in a dirt enclosure.
A nice living room has chairs and a love seat.
Vase of blooming white flowers on a coffee table.
A computer screen pressed against a window curtain.
Two cows have placed their heads to one another.
A bench is shown in the dirt by the house.
a black and white clock on a black clock post and some lights
A man with a dog is wearing a life jacket and straddling a canoe.
A man who is swinging at a tennis ball.
a microwave sits on top of a counter 
A German shepherd laying in front of a door.
a woman is wearing a red shirt and shes playing tennis
Two young men are playing a game on the Wii.
A bowl of beans, two hot dogs and slaw.
a street sign below a bunch of power lines 
A man making a turn on a motorcycle and looking back.
A bathroom with a sink and a tub and a minimal, modern style design.
a grey couch and a glass table a very nice house
A group of people standing around a bunch of wild elephants.
A giraffe puts its head over the fence of its enclosure.
Hot meal, including cooked vegetables in cause on a plastic plate.
A male in a tennis court hitting the ball.
A yellow motorcycle with a few different sponsor advertisements painted on it in white.
A cat is staring while sitting in a sink.
Someone doing a trick in the air on their skate board
Three birds sitting underneath a window, that is open.
A grey and white dog catching a frisbee in snow.
A sliced banana with grapes, kiwi, strawberries and melon.
Several figurines and an empty bottle on a dusty shelf.
A bicycle's front basket is filled with fresh apples.
A number of people walking past a row of buses.
A view of an empty city side street.
A dog sitting on the roof of a building next to a satellite dish and a surfboard.
Three young men at a table eating breakfast at a restaurant.
Four adult giraffe walking on dirt between two buildings.
Four parade balloons flying over a grass area.
A school bus is in the view of a side mirror on a vehicle. 
A giraffe laying down on grass in a fenced in area
A group of cows are standing inside a fence.
A group of young men holding video game controllers.
A young boy eating a pizza at a table.
a man standing in front of a motor home with blue containers of water.
Two people are standing under a large umbrella at night with a dog in the foreground.
People standing around looking at motorcycles in a parking lot.
a table that has a very large piece of pizza on it
A valcano from the view of a plane
a few pairs of scizzos ina lab coat
A flock of sheep is led down a rural road
A woman preparing to swing her tennis racquet at an incoming tennis ball.
A woman is holding a plate with a man on it. 
multiple sheep crossing a road in front of a vehical
A man and a woman hold hand in the grass.
A man with a black backpack drinking wine with a lady
a large tower with a clock on it
A brown horse pulling a carriage with people on it
Some sort of an old-timey parade where people are dressed in period costumes. 
A brown bear walking out of a lake on top of a log.
A man exiting a small blue triple decker bus.
The kitchen and dining room of a house.
Woman with her baby in a messy room full of luggage.
a man is standing over a birthday cake

Two little boys are with a woman holding a kite in a grassy area.
Several boys sitting in a room playing a video game.
An Asian woman with the peace sign up and a Asian man with luggage next to him.
A bathroom with a toilet, sink and bathtub/shower stall.
A man standing in the forefront of a large clock.
A man riding a surfboard in the ocean on a wave.
Double Decker bus stopping at a bus stop with people. 
A ram sheep feeding from a wooden trough. 
Two baseball players wear black shirts and white striped pants.
Cutting board on table with chopped vegetables and jar of dressing.
There is a sheet of stickers that go on a keyboard.
A smiling male skier posing near a snow covered hill.
A flag on a white flag pole in front of a historic building.   
A girl happily eating a pizza in a restaurant. 
People standing around preparing hot dogs at gathering.
A cook at a restaurant cooking hotdogs on a grill.
A kitchen area with a wood stove for cooking
People are riding horses through the grassy plain.
A white small bathroom showing the toilet bowl and sink with beige tiles.
Elephants in a national park blowing dust around
A bathroom toilet, wood drawers and shower stall.
Bride assisting groom in cutting a wedding cake.
two women in a kitchen are decorating a cake
A man in a baseball uniform winding up to throw the ball.
A large moving vehicle, shaped like a train, is traveling down the tracks. 
A white bike with flowers on the front by a cat.
a public transit bus on a city street
A cat has its front paws on a toilet seat.
Three dogs on a leash with a wooden dog.
A bed with an orange bed sheet and pillows.
a motorcycle parked on the side of the road 
A girl is walking in  a subway station. 
A rural road with a yellow road sign with the word "Dip" written on it's face.
A yellow and black train next to a train station.
An assortment of doughnuts all lined up in a case at a doughnut shop.
two sets of street lights attached to a pole 
A group of elephants standing in a grassy field.
A Frisbee golf net in a park with several Frisbee in it.
Young girl about to throw a frisbee in a park.
A girl sticking her hand in a large bowl.
A dog on the floor and a carpet behind it
An adult and child on the beach with a surf board.
