this purple-petaled flower has a pointed set of petals and green stem.
this flower is vibrant pink in color with pointed petals and a green pedicel.
violet pointed petals overlapping some with a black, brown and green sepal.
the flower shown has thin purple petals with green pedicel
this flower has multiple layers of bright purple pink pointed petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has purple and pointy petals that fold upwards
this flower has layers of wide pink petals which have pointed tips.
this flower has bright pink petals and a very skinny green pedicel

this flower has a vertical fringe of hairlike red petals ascending upward along the stem.
this flower has petals that are red with tiny leaves
this flower has a lot of red petals that are thin.
the red petals match to also red pistil.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has fuzzy red petals with white speckles that stem from a pedicel.
this flower has red clusters of petals attached to a green bed of leaves.
this flower has many small, red, petals arranged in a long floret.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the flower has orange petals with an orange stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has orange petals that fade to yellow on the outer edges.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has orange colored petals that are clover shaped.
this flower has orange petals and bright orange stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are that are ruffled around the edges.
this small bright orange blossom has only 4 petals that gradually become darker orange toward the center of the flower itself.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
an orange flower with four petals and many orange stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with a pink stripe in the center, and red stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has white petals with a pinkish center and the stamen appears red
white petals with purple stripes middle long green leaves
this flower has petals that are white with red dots
this flower has white and pink petals with red dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with red stripes.
this flower has curved white stamens with yellow anthers and curving white petals with streaks of red and pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has white petals with red spots and red anthers.

this flower has many long, lavender stamen coming from the center of many layers of greenish brown, thick petals.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curved upward.
this flower has long purple stamen coming out and some brown anthers
this flower has petals that are green with purple steman
the flower many stamens around the green pollen tube
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has green petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has stringy purple petals and a huge green pedicel
this flower has a purple stamen, green pedicel and yellow petals.

this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red patches
outer petals are pink in color and inner petals are yellow in color
this flower has outer petals that are red and the inner petals are yellow with the stamen that is also yellow
this is a flower with pink and yellow flowers on it.
this yellow and pink flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
flower with both dark pink and yellow petals and stamen sticking out from the pistil

this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.,
this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
ruffled, red petals surround red filaments and pale anthers of this multi-bloom plant.
the petals of the flower are red in color and are attached to a stem that is wooden.
this particular flower has petals that are red and short
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
the petals are large and red with long red filaments and white anthers.
this flower has large red petals and long stamens with white anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma

the petals on this flower are pink and delicate in nature.
this flower has a long dark pink petal with a stem that is brown in color
this purple flower has long, oval pedals atop a pale green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded on the ends.
these two flowers have brown pedicels and dark pink petals.
this flower has pink petals attached to brown pedicels.
this flower has small, but thick pink petals and a light brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
a flower with long and wavy petals that are pink.
this flower has very smooth petals with rounded edges that are bright pink.

this flower has small red and yellow rounded petals with a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are pink and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has red, white and yellow petals above green sepals, surrounding green stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow shading
this flower has a ruffle of brightly colored petals going in all directions.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
the petals of this flower are pink and yellow and the pedicel is green
a flower with long and curly petals that are pale pink.
this flower is a combination of red orange white and yellow petals.

three rows of sharp crisp white petals surround a very concentrated cluster of yellow stamen.
the flower shown here has white petals with lots of yellow anther in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this white flower has several rows of teardrop shaped petals and a pale yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by multiple layers of long, slightly pointed white petals.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of thick upturned white petals.
this flower has yellow stamen with layers of all white petals.
this beautiful flower has beautiful petals and yellow insides
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the petals of this flower are orange with red spots and a long stigma
the flower has orange petals with purple spots and large dark purple anther
the flower shown has orange petals with dark red spots as its main feature.
a flower with orange petals with black spots accompanied by black anther filaments.
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has long and curling orange petals with purple spots.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
this flower has orange petals with brown spots, and large stamen with a anther that looks like a coffee bean.
orange flower with black spots and long anther filament.
a flower that has a weaved appearance and is pink in color.

the flower shown has purple petals sitting on top of peach pedicel
this pale pink flower has a dark pink outline at the bottom of the petals and light brown pedicel.
this flower has pinkish purple petals, and a brown pedicel.
the flower is made of large petals that are fuchsia in color on a thick stalk that is brown.
the flower is light violet except for the regions where they are dark violet near the sepal and the petals are separated
a group of large velvet flowers that are attached to stem.
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower has purple and white petals

this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the petals on this flower is light pink and long with green stems
this flower has petals that are pink and very think with long stamen
the flower has pink filaments with dark pink anthers; it also has six light pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
the pink star-shaped flower has six petals that curve backwards and six stamens bursting straight out the middle.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals of this flower are light and dark purple and the pedicel is green.

this flower has numerous thin white petals with a broad round yellow center.
the white flower has an elliptical shaped petals around a cluster of yellow stamen
this medium flower has lots of thin white long petals and a yellow center.
white flower with sparse petals and a bunch of stamens.
the sunflower has pure white petals with a big yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color dotted yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are bright white petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
this flower has a ray formation of oblong white petals surrounding a yellow disk center.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a long stigma
this flower has dark and light orange with a dark purple and green pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow dots
petals are orange in color,many stamen with larger anthers
a flower with orange petals and a brown stigma.
a flower with orange petals, and purple and green pistils.
orange flower with four petals, white stamen and non visible pistil.
this flower has small rounded orange petals with very delicate red veins.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with rounded multi colored petals.

the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with ragged purple petals and central cluster of white and red stamen
the petals of this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has large purple petals and a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
the petals are deep purple and rounded while the stamen is white with dark purple anthers.
this flower has wide bright purple petals with a delicate papery texture.
this flower has tiny white stamen and bright purple petals.

like a cactus, this flower wants to poke at you from every part of it's body, from the petals, to the stamen, to the style.
the petals are long and green in color and contain several spiky protrustions.
this flower has a spiky look to it, not friendly at all.
this large unusual flower has blue spiky petals and a cone shaped center.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are sharp and pointy.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple and have spikes on them.
flower has a green and purple tipped pine cone shaped pistil, with long narrow spiky purple petals.
this flower has spiky purples pedals with a bulbous dark pistil.
the purple/green petals are jagged and the pistil is large and spiky.
this flower has spiky purple petals and has a big style

the petals are purple in color and its on a single pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are dark pink with pink edges and yellow stamen.
this flower has a green bulb and yellow stamen surrounded by large wide pink petals with rounded edges.
the flower shown has purple and white petals, and a green center.
this purple flower has 5 petals arranged in alternate layer and yellow anthers stuck to gynoecium
this flower has purple petals that has yellow stamen and a green style
this flower has small purple petals that are white towards the tips.
this flower has unsymmetrical purple petals with white outlines and a yellow pistil.
a large with a purple and white pedals and a golden center.

several pointed, red petals that are layered over the bulk of the flower.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower is trumpet shaped with red petals and green sepals.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and veryt hin
this flower has vertical layers of shiny and very thick red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and is very thin
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are pointy on the tips.
this flower has a number of long and thin bright red petals and very long, skinny leaves.
a redish orange flower with green stems attached to it.

this flower has long purple stamen surrounded by multiple white petals which point upwards.
small groups of pedals that resemble a ball. white pedals and dark purple stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has outer petals that are green white in color with the inner petals tha rae white in color
this flower has petals that are white with purple lines and many stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has a flowery stigma
this flower has small white petals with very thin purple filament.
this flower has a variety of longer petals with pokey purple needle like petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointy at the tips.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and wrapped around the ovule.
this flower has many layers of ruffled petals that are a light red color.
a light pink and orange flower with rounded petals and a small stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has peach petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of wide and rounded pink petals with smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower has rows of pink petals with a yellow vein.
the petals of the flower are light orange in color and have leaves that are green in color.

this flower has pink petals, white petals, as well as yellow anther and filament.
the flower has petals that are red and white with yellow anther.
a short flower with pink and white petals and small yellow filaments.
this pink flower has petals arranged like scales and yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
multiple pinkish and outer white petals in a sunburst pattern with shaggy yellow stamen.
this flower has large pink and white petals with long yellow stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has lots of yellow filament in the center of pointy purple petals.

the flower has petals that are bell shaped and pink with pink stamen.
this flower has a pink petal with dark purple spots and gives the flower a trumpet like appearance.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower shown has small pink bell shaped petals which are its main feature
many pink bell shaped blossoms come from a single pedicel, each has maroon spots with white outlines inside the cups.
this flower has wide pink trumpet-shaped flowers with rounded mouths.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
these flowers grow upside down in a cluster of bell shapes, which are very light purple with dark spotting on the inside.
bright pink petals forming a tight tube around visible darkly colored anther, frilled like a dress at the end, with very small green sepal.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the ovary.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower has white and large petals with red edges.
the large blooms have large white petals which are highlighted by lavender accents where the blossoms attaches to the branches of the tree.
this flower has petals that are white with pink patches
this white flowers has an outer row of oval shape petals
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has upturned layers of very smooth rounded white petals with purple centers.
the flower has many soft oval petals that are white and pink.
this flower has a couple of layers of large oblong white petals with a dark pink ovary.

this flower has orange petals with orange anther and filament
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled in appearance.
this flower has petals that are orange with long steman
the flower shown has orange petals as its main feature.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange in color and the inner stamen is the color brown.
this flower has four orange petals with a trumpet shaped yellow center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has big, bright orange petals as well as orange stamen.
this flower has orange petals with a shade of yellow in the middles

the purple flower has dark veins compared to the petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
flower has petals that are pink with dark purple veins and a purple center.
the leaves ae alternating and the ptals ae capsule shaped and purple in color
the center of the five pointed petals is dark purple.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has five conjoined round-tipped petals with a dark purple veined design.
this flower has purple petals with pink around the edges
these flowers have purple and white petals with a deep purple center
this flower on the picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the anthers are in the center, with yellow and orange petals that are perforated on the borders.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are and uneven at the edges.
this flower has four very large fiery yellow petals with notch like indents on the tips.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has several wide, slightly overlapping yellow petals with uniquely shaped scrollwork edges.
the flower has tiny yellow stamen in the center along with smooth yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange cneter
the flower has bright yellow stamen and bright yellow petals.
this flower has a cross-like configuration of four yellow petals with darker shading near their base.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with white steman
this flower has several overlapping layers of small ruffled violet petals with serrated edges.
this flower has a mass collection of light purple petals that, other than becoming lighter in color further into the center, are nearly indistinguishable from their stamen or pistil.
the flower shown has thin purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has multiple rows of lavender petals that get lighter closer to the pistil.
this flower has a dense amount of small purple petals.
this flower has a round mass of pale purple petals which are small and ruffled.
flower with very light purple petals surrounding a large number of diamond shaped stamen

this flower has petals that are dark red and tight.
the leafs are large and green in color and the petals are red in color
the flowers has a lot of layered red petals next to each other.
this boom has many round shaped petals which hide the center parts; this specimen is red, but this flower comes in many colors.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
there are slightly wrinkled scarlet red pedals which overlap one another.
this flower has layers od wide rounded red petals with curling edges.
the rose is deep red and uniform in color and features more than a half dozen layers of petals that are rounded and delicate.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
the pedicel is visiible and the petals have two colors seen.
this flower has petals that are white with purple shading
this is a flower with white petals with purple streaks and no visible pistils shown.
the petals on this flower are white with purple fringes.
this flower has many rows of white petals that have a purple outline.
this flower has white and purple petals with the purple focusing towards the edges.
flower has tight layers of white petals with purple edges and purple lines intruding from the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple lines
a large purple and white flower with a gray stem.

this flower has a long purple petal and a lot of yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has bright purple petals with a yellow pollen tube
this flower has pink petals, and yellow stamen and stigma.
this flower has petals that are dark pink and pointed with a yellow filament.
the lively hot pink flower has a bright yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has many layers
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has light purple petals with dark purple tips and a yellow stamen.
this flower has smooth pink petals with slightly pointed tips.

this flower has an interior ring of pale yellow petals, surrounded by deep red petals that taper to a slender point.
this flower has red colorful sepals which have their own spurs and a four or five petaled yellow flower on top, and it has prominent stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
the flower shown has an outer layer of red petals, and inner layer of yellow petals, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red on the outer layer and yellow on the iside
a flower with inner petals that are white and outer petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow bell shaped center
the petals of this flower are red and yellow and the pedicel is green
a pistil and red petals are what distinguishes this flower.
large red sepals surround bell shaped array of white cream pedals with predominant pistil extending with large yellow anthers.

a pink flower with curled petals and a large pink pollen tube.
the flower shown has purple petals which is its dominant feature
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
these flowers have lavender petals and lavender stamen in the center of them.
this pale pink flower has five broad petals (with darker pink thin lines extending from base to tip) surrounding a short pink pistil that is covered with pollen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower has a thick pink pistil and light pink oblong petals with darker stripes.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are red and white with green stigmas
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
red petals with a thin red edge and white stripes longitudinally, long stamen with white stems and yellow heads.
it is a flower with a green stem and red petals.
this flower has petals which have a striped appearance and are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are both red and white with long stamens.
this flower has a thick green stem holding a six-pointed blossom of red and white petals.
this flower has red petals overlapping the other attached to a thick green pedicel.
this flower has a strong pedicel with two layer scarlet red petals and pollen tubes with stigma on the tip.
this flower has petals that are red and has white shading

this flower has round petals that are yellow and orange
this flower has large yellow petals and a lot of orange stamen and anthers
the yellow petal is the dominant feature of this flower with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are overlapping and yellow with yellow filaments.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has broad petals of bright yellow streaked with bright orange.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has wide and very round orange petals with delicate red veins.
this flower has rounded yellow petals with deep veins and a few patches of orange shading.

a flower with broad white and pink ribbed petals and yellow stamen
stamens are yellow in color with larger anthers
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
olive green, yellow and white pistil surrounded by large round lilac petals with light pink veins showing through.
this flower has blue petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are yellow bear the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has overlapping petals which are pale pink with pink and white accents.
a flower with long and rounded petal that are light pink.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth, separated and forming a disc around the stamen
this white flower has the simple row of petals with the yellow pistil and prominent stamens holding the large anthers at the top
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the petals of the flower are a pure white, and the stamens are bright yellow.
this flower has many overlapping white petals and a neat round arrangement of yellow anthers.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wilted in appearance.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has many yellow stamen with overlapping white petals.
this flower has white petals with a crinkled texture and a bunch of yellow stamen surrounding the yellow pistil.

the petals of this flower are pink and surround the pink stamen.
a cluster of round flowers with orange-pink petals and large pistils in the center of the cluster.
small flowers with vermilion colored petals are grouped in a cluster on the plant.
the petals are of a smooth oval shape and are a light pink or peach color.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has clusters of tiny red blossoms whose petals are small and round.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
a red flower with the filament and anther and big green leaves
this flower has a large group of blossoms close together, each with a wheel of small rounded pink petals

this pale purple flower's petals appear to all be attached to one another or overlapping, with 3 small stamen in the middle.
this flower has a large light pink petal surrounding the pistol that gets darker in the center.
this flower has flat purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are circle in shape.
this is a light violet flower with petals touching each other, the pistol is a very light violet.
this flat purple flower has flat but even pedals with little white buds.
a purple flower with white anther and stigma and the leaves are green
this flower has a funnel-like shape with pale purple petals and white stamens.
this flower has conjoined pale purple petals which are rounded with a darker center.

a flower with large folded inward red petals, deep crimson pedicel and sepals, and green stalk.
this flower has several large red petals with rounded, slightly ruffled edges.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curved and ruffled.
this flower has visible red petals atop a purple pedicel.
the purple pediceles are holding the red petals of the flower.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upward
this flower has large soft red petals which are smooth with rounded edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
the petals of this flower are numerous, red and orange, and overlapping.
this flower has purple stems and sepals with very bright red petals.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
the petals of the flower are pointed on the tips and are pink in color.
this flower has large pink and pointy petals and a group of white stamen in the center
the flower shown has pointy pink petals with white pistil
this flower has petals that are pink and pointy and the ends
this flower has pink petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has a wide white center and layers of spiked pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has a double row of long pointy pink petals that surround many white stamen.

the bright orange-yellow petals of this flower are arranged in a bushy formation.
this ball shaped flower has a very large number of small orange petals, and no visible stamen or sigma.
this flower has petals that are orange and ruffled together
petals are floret and are orange in color
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has clusters of yel!ow cone shaped petals on a green vine.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny and very ruffled orange petals.
a large orange flower with many small orange petals covering it's dark center ovule.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and are ruffled together

this flower has no visible stamen or stigma but has large mostly white petals with green veins and some pink coloration.
a pink flower with green stem running through the flower
the flower has large flat white petals with hints of pink mixed into it
this is a pink and white flower with large petals and a green center
this large fluttery flower has one large connected pink and white petal.
this flower has large white and pink petals with green veins running to the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that have pink veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
the petals of this flower are white and the tints of it are pink
this flower has a funnel shaped white and pink petal.

the flower shown has green pedicel and sepal with white petals
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the flowers have curved petals that are white and green as well.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this is a white flower with yellow ovary and stamen.
large, white, bell shaped petals with white anthers and green sepals and pedicel.
this flower has conjoined white petals with ruffled edges and pale green veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.
the trumpet shaped white flower has fused petals that are supported by green sepals

the bright red petals are surrounded by green and red petals.
this flower has long waxy green leaves and shiny, pointed red petals.
a plant with green leaves that change to red closer to the top.
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has long narrow green and red petals with red stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green
this flower has pink and green petals with a green stamen.
a flower with hard red and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and has many layers

the flowers look identical but have different colors for its petals.
the petals of the flowers are a combination of both pink and white with yellow centers.
these flowers are either white or purple with their broad, short petals and all have a pretty yellow detail on the center of the petals.
the flowers have white and purple petals with yellow ovule
these flowers have white and pink petals with yellow tapered around the insides of the petals.
this flower has five heart-shaped petals which are small and soft, and a vivid yellow center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this flower has petals that are white or purple with yellow at the base.
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
the petals of this flower are white and have yellow on the pistil

this flower has sharp purple leaves on a green pedicel with a green cone-shaped flower.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are sharp and pointed.
the flower has point petals with a thick green pedicel
this flower has petals that are prickly with many stamen
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has a very thick pistil surrounded by an uneven ring of toothed blue petals.
this flower had a purple tint on it petals that look spiked and the center is round and spiked.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this light blue flower has layers of prickly-looking blue petals with a large blue and light green pistil.
this flower has purple and white petals with many sharp pointy ends on each petal.

this bright red flower has multiple veined leaves and a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
a flower with red petals and yellow anther filaments with red tints.
this flower has bright red petals along with yellow anther and filament
the petals on this flower are red surrounding yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are a bright red color, and the petals have a slight point at the tip
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has short yellow stamen surrounded by layers of bright red petals in varying sizes.
this flower has pointy red petals and yellow stamen in the center.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have berries in the middle.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and in many layers
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has a yellow center and several pointed pink petals which lift slightly upwards.
the small round petals are yellow at the base, and transition from a white middle to a light pink.
this pink and white flower has many layered pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upwards
this flower has many petals in shades from dark pink to light pink to yellow in the center.
this pink flower has pointed tips at the end of its petals and they are arranged in multiple layers.

the petals of this flower are lavender with a long stigma
this flower is green, white, and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
this flower has very thin, narrow petals of purple that have a band of white and a darker band near the center and the stamen are very large and thick and mostly green.
this flower has long purple petals, purple stamen, and purple anthers on the end of the stamen
a flower with white petals and a circle of horizontal stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has flat white petals underneath a layer of flat blue filaments.
this flower has pale green petals under thick green stamen and a layer of purple fringe.

the flower is so big and large and has petals that appears like sepals and also it has stamen and petals arranged in disc like manner one above the other
this flower has long white petals, long white stamen and a tall green stigma on it
this flower has petals that are white with purple and stringy stamen
this flower has a bottom layer of white petals with an upper layer of very thin and long petals that are dark purple at the base, white in the center and light purple at the ends.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has rounded pale green lower petals surrounding a layer of thin hair-like purple upper petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, with oval shaped petals.
this white flower has one layer of flat white petals layered under a broader row of small needle like white and purple tipped petals.
this flower has white petals arranged in a disk formation with purple stigma and green stamen.

this flower has long white petals with pink streaks in the center of it
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with slightly cupped, but laying flat out, white petals that are pink on the bottom at the base and surround a pinecone-looking stamen.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with shades of purple as well
the flower petals are alternately arranged and are white in color with larger beige in color anhers
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are white.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers have thick broad white petals that are tinted pink on the undersides.
this flower has long and very smooth white petals with delicate pink accents.

the flower has petals that are yellow with white fringes.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately and slightly overlapping each other in the central region
the flower has two main colors being white and yellow and there is no visible ovary.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five white and yellow petals that come together to a star like shape.
these flowers have smoith white and yellow petals with oval shaped edges.
a flower with a yellow center that slow fades to white as you get farther from the middle.
this flower has large white and yellow petals with no visible pistil.

a flower with large broad yellow and orange leaves and three central orange pistils.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the flower has a yellow petal with pink anther and filament
a flower with orange petals and large anther filaments and pistils.
the flower shown has thick yellow petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are orange and the pedicel is green
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has bright golden petals and golden filaments and anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has very large bright orange petals with prominent veins.

this flower has small yellow petals with white anther as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a long stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have buds that are red.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that have orange veins.
these are small rounded pedals of golden color with a cluster of stigma in the middle.
the bright orange flower has dark veins running through each petal.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has a red petal and a red stamen in the center
this flower has bright red petals with yellow and brown markings.
this flower has several large, rounded pink petals with striated brown markings.
pink petals and tiger stripped petals surround visible pink stamen and pistil.
this flower has red petals as well as a red pistil.
this flower has wide red petals with smooth and slightly rounded edges.
this pink flower has ruffled pink petals with much detail on the inside, and some orangey pink filaments in the center.
this flower has petals which are primarily pink and a pink pistil.
this multicolored flower has mostly pink petals with a little bit of yellow and darker pink stripes.

this flower has spiky blue petals and a spiky black stigma on it
this flower remind me of frost. although this plant couldn't possibly grow in the winter, the petals are like large rows of frost.
the flower has jagged pointed purple petals and a cylinder shaped stigma.
this flower is black and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower has spiky purple petals that are long, thin and sharp.
this flower has petals that are purple and very spiky
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals pointed and sharp.
a flower with hard and spikey petals that are white.
this flower consist of a large number of very pokey looking purple pedals.
this flower has many long spiky petals around the base.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are light in the center.
the flower shown has pink petals, and a white pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are pink and blue with small white stamen
this flower has five symmetrical pink flowers with darker pink stripes and white bases and white stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and blue and has small style
the delicate and vibrant pink and blue flowers are covered in morning dew.
a pistil and purple and blue petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this particular flower has petals that are purple on one and blue on the other
this flower has a large funnel-shaped petal with smooth edges and either pink or bright blue coloring.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
the red flower with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has large red petals and a yellow stigma in the middle of it
the petals of the flower are dark red in color with leaves and stems that are green.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
there are round, ruffled, red petals with long, thin bases, and long yellow stamen.
a flower with short and wide petals that are dark red.
this flower has wide and very rounded red petals with a yellow center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with rounded and wavy petals.
this flower has jagged red petals that has yellow stamen

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
the petals have undulated borders with red spots on the center.
flowers are curled,larger petals yellow win color with the inner part spotted red
this pale yellow flower has delicate petals that go from dark orange to light yellow on the outside.
a flower with orange and yellow petals with no visible pistils shown.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
a flower with ribbon like yellow petals covered in red speckles.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
these flowers have wrinkled yellow petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted orange.

this trumpet shaped flower has soft connected white petals with pointed tips.
this flower has broad large white petals that fold backwards from the center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are open flat.
the flower shown has a flat smooth white petal with green sepal
this is a large round single petaled trumpet shaped flower that is white.
this flower has conjoined white petals which are soft and very smooth.
a flat white flower with many petals and green pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has a single petal that is horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and is satellite shaped
this flower has a very large white funnel shaped petal.

this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are pink striped in the center.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this is a large flower with purple petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has white thorns on the end of its purple petals and has green sepal.
this flower has large tapered-tip purple petals with vertical stripes.
the purple petals have dark purple veins and are pointed and the stamens are yellow.
this flower has thick purple petals and white stamens.
this flower is blue and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

the flower shown has a green pedicel with yellow petals
this flower grows on a stalk with many yellow pedicels protruding from the green stalk.
this flower has a long yellow petal and a green pedicel
these long thin yellow flowers are wrapped in green leaves.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is yellow and green in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
a flwoer with long and wide petals that curl outwards and are yellow.
this flower is very light yellow with a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together

the flower shown has skinny yellow petals with a dark brown center.
long oval dark yellow petals not overlapping around a large bundle of dark brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are yellow with black stamen.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are skinny oval shaped.
the flower has thin yellow petals with several black stamen.
a flower with long bright yellow petals coming from the center, where a large, rounded black stigma protrudes.
the long gold petals of the flower with a dark pollen tube fans around
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a black stamen

two flowers, both with jagged edged oblong petals and green pedicel.
this flower has large green sepals surrounded by several layers of ruffled pink petals.
the flower on the left has white pedals and the flower on the right has pink pedals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are wilted and thin.
these soft pastel flowers have wide, serrated-edged petals, spread wide on a long stem.
an abundance of frilly petals with jagged edges unfold into a large blossom.
the flower has very smooth white and pink petals and as well as a large green sepal.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and are bunched together
this flower has small green sepals and pink and white petals with a jagged top edge.

the petals on this flower are yellow with red blotches.
this flower has bright orange and red colors on its overlapping petals with yellow anthers.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
one large master orange blotched petal distinguishes this flower, along with the three smaller identical petels.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower is broad and brightly-colored, with large yellow petals splashed with red down the center.
this yellow orange and red flower has rounded petals and yellow orange stamen.
this flower has a wheel-like arrangement of brightly colored petals that are yellow with irregular red blotches on them.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches

several large, red petals the revolve around a darker center with stamen the same color as the petals.
a flower with ruffled orange and pink petals, green sepals, and green pedicel
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red with small stamen
this orange flower has the simple row of petals with the stamens holding the red anthers at the top
a cone shaped flower with floppy red petals surrounding long light red stamen.
this flower has large coral colored petals with coral anthers.
this flower has petals that are orange and has small stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the petals have fully opened and it has a lot of filaments.
this flower has a textured and very wide white center surrounded by upturned green petals with pointed tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with flowery stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stigma
these flowers have pointed green and purple petals and purple stamen.
this flower has white, pointy petals standing up with green veins.
this flower has long and thin pale purple petals with pointed tips.
this flower has white petals with a purple ovary and white stamen.

this flower has thick spotted red and yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are yellow and red with spots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has six long, tapered petals with red spots and accents.
the six yellow petals, with alternating sizes, are covered in red speckles.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower has yellow petals with orange and red spots and it is arranged in a star-like shape.
the almond shaped petals are yellow with red spots and the stamen are small and orange.
the flower has six bright beautiful yellow petals with bright orange spots throughout.

the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves.
pedicela re green in color,petals are white and sepals are green too
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the flower has dense pink petals that are dark and pine cone shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has a vertical layer of soft and small rose-colored petals.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together

this flower has petals that are orange with big yellow stigma
the petals of the flower are yellow and orange in color and have a center that is red.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the flower is orange with petals that are soft, thing and separately arranged around pistil forming disc like shape
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the center.
this flower is orange, white, and pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has five large and very rounded orange petals with bright red center.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow style
peach colored petals surround a dark red center from which a yellow stigma protrudes.

this flower has petals that are pink with long style
a dark purple flower with pointed petals and large purple pollen tubes.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have thick stigmas in the center.
a purple flower with very large pedals and a long stigma.
this flower has bright pink leaves with veins and pointed edges surrounding thick stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big style
this flower has purple, tear drop shaped petals and a dark purple pistil.
this flower has large bright purple sepals with prominent veins.

this flower features broad yellow petals surrounding the ovary in a ball like pattern.
the flower has yellow petals sitting on top of a black pedicel
the round yellow petals cover over the stamen and the pistil of the flower.
the rounded yellow petals enclose the stamen and stigma within the corolla.
the flowers have not bloomed and have the light, yellow petals that are closed in a bud shape.
this flower has dark yellow petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this flower has rounded bright yellow petals in a tightly wrapped ball formation.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled closely around the center.
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a black pedicel.

this blossom has a flowered white pollen tube surrounded by three pointed, leaflike pink petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
a stunning magenta three leaf flowering site with a tiny and delicate snowflake flower emerging.
the flower has three large pink petals and a long pollen tube.
this flower has a large and dark purple petal and a large white stigma
this flower has a trio of very large bright pink sepals surrounding the blossom with small white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
there are triangular fuchsia pedals with a white tipped pistil
the petals on this flower are pink and the pistil is short and white
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are leaf like.

this flower has yellow and white pistil with a white petal as well
a group of three white flowers which when the petals get closer to the pollen tube turn green.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has white petals and at the bottom of the petals are green.
three all white blossoms come from a single pedicel, each has six petals, and long white stamen with yellow anthers.
a flower with yellow tipped stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are green near the ovary.
these start shaped flowers are made of six overlapping petals, which are white along the edges and pale green towards the center, with several white and beige stamen.
the flower has yellow and white stamen and white and green petals.
this flower has white and green petals that have yellow stamen

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
the flower has soft pink petals with are in layers
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are ruffled along the edges.
this pretty flower has a lot of very light pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with many ruffles
a pink flower with the green leaves and green pedicel
this flower has pink paper-like leaves arranged in a stacked position.
this pink flower has petals as well as a pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has pink petals with many layers and ruffled edges

the petals are pink in color and have filaments that are purple in color.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a star shaped purple flower with a white shaded center whilst the inner petals are blueish and stringy
open purple flower with blue filaments sticking out.
this flower has large green pistil and stamen, and hairlike purple fringe, surrounded by rounded white and purple petals.
this flower has purple petals underneath small blue vines protruding from the center.
this is a purple flower with squiggly blue lines sticking out and an alien-looking center
a flower with long and narrow purple petals.
this flower has purple petals with very many thin blue filaments and purple stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen

the flower has petals that are purple and white with green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with pink shading
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
this flower has thin pointed green sepals with large thin purple petals with a rounded shape.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are closed,.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled inward.
large pedicel with five medium sized sepals with small narrow light yellow flowers.
this flower has purple and white petals that are folded upward together
a flower with a long and wide petals that is a light purple.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has purple pedals and white pedals with a little yellow inside.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
small lavender flowers with a yellow and black striped center that have smooth petals and toothed leaves.
this flower has purple petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has purple petals with dark purple and yellow markings on them.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and purple and has dark lines
a flower with three purple petals that have yellow and black lines towards their edges.
this flower has smooth rounded petals that are white and purple in color, some of which have small dark lines on them.

this flower has large, pointed green stamen surrounded by overlapping layers of rounded red petals.
the flower has a long green pedicel and overlapping red petals.
the flower shown has petals that are red in color with a green sepal
a flower with small red petals in the center and increasingly large petals going out.
this flower isred in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals of a pinkish red on a stem of dusky green.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has red petals that are curled around the center.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
purple paddle with yellow middle greenleaf
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are purple yellow and white.
4 purple petals at he top of the flower with a tongue-like 5th petal that has yellow leading to the stamen and pistil.
this purple flower has no visible pistil but features a white and yellow middle.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
this particular flower has petals that are purple and yellow and a green steam
a flower with purple petals and one petal has yellow and stripes.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are ovals shaped and thin.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens in different layers
the outside petals of this flower are darker while the inside ones are lighter.
the petals of this flower are yellow and red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
the petals of this flower are peach fading to yellow.
this flower has layers of rounded peach colored petals with pale yellow accents.
this flower has yellow and pink petals that have many layers
this flower has an abundance of pale pink and yellow petals
this flower has multiple rows of overlapping white and pink petals, with a pronounced dark pistil.
multiple layers of white and red striped pedals forming a ball shape surrounding red filaments with yellow anthers.

the flower has a green pedicel as well as yellow sepals
this flower has a wavy exterior petal pattern with purple at the tip-ends.
the pretty flower has long petal that start off yellow and end red.
this flower has long wavy pink and yellow petals with long green stamen.
this flower is vibrant red, green, and yellow in color with wavy petals.
this flower has long, very thin red petals with ruffled yellow edges.
this flower has long green stamen and upright petals that are pink and yellow with wavy edges.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
the long red, yellow, flower is so amazing it looks like fire burning its beautiful.

the flower shown has orange petals and yellow anthers as its main feature.
this flower has long orange petals with a lot of yellow anthers
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this orange color flower holds the oval shaped petals arranged one by one in the circle motion and has the lot of pistils at the center
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has long orange petals that surround bright yellow stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by long orange petals.

this flower has petals that are purple with a big stigma
the flower shown has white petals with large pink pistil
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this pale purple flower has brightly colored red stamen, with a yellow center.
pedicel are green in color,petals are light purple and spotted
this flower is blue, white, and pink in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has long and distinct white and purple petals surrounding a red stamen.
this flower has spotted light purple petals with reddish stamen and a green pedicel.

flowers with pink petals growing upwards on a maroon stem
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
the flower has petals that are upright and pink with pink pedicel.
the petals on this flower are pink and cup like.
this flower has pink petals and purple petals as its main features
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curve dupward.
this flower has petals that are red and is folded upwards
this flower has very smooth pink petals which bend backwards from a center.
a flower with vibrant pink petals shooting up with a long thin pedicel.
the delicate hot pink flowers have five standing pedals.

this flower has petals that are yellow and spiky and yellow stamen.
this creme-colored flower is comprised of petals with an elongated shape that terminate in a sharp point.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with pointy tips
flower with long white petals pointed upward and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded upwards
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and a reddish green pedicel.
this flower has layers of upright yellow petals with pointed tips.
this flower has multiple light yellow long petals and bright yellow stamens.
this flower has many yellow petals that are upward pointing and yellow anthers.

this flower has red petals and a golden yellow stigma.
a flower with red petals and yellow pistils with red anther filaments.
wide, rounded red petals surround a smaller yellow center area with red anthers protruding out of it.
this flower has several wide, rounded red petals, which are slightly ruffled.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower has bright red petals, yellow center, and broad green leaves.
the flower has round red petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has bright red petals with round edges and a slightly wrinkled texture.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.

this flower has red and white spots on its petals which look like shells
this large flower has several big, wide petals, pink in color, with smooth rounded edges.
this flower has a weird shape that looks like a clump of mussels and clams that's violet in color.
the petals of the flowers are overlapping and are fuchsia in color with variegations of white.
these magenta and white petaled flowers almost resemble clams in shape.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are white along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
this flower has smooth oblong petals that are white and pink.
these flowers have oblong shaped petals the are purple with white streaks.
the purple and white multi-colored petals are all smooth in appearance, but differ in the rounded of their edges.

the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
the five bright pink petals of this flower join at the receptacle, where darker pink filaments protrude, ending in black anthers.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
there are wrinkled fuchsia pedals and also slightly darker fuchsia stamen with black tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has wide and rounded rose-colored petals which are semi-sheer.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
this flower has five bright pink petals with dark pink spots on some of them and dark pink stamen.
this flower has five bright pink petals with dark pink spots on some of them and dark pink stamen.

this flower has large white petals and a vibrant, yellow pistil.
rounded cup like petals surround a bright yellow stigma with yellow anthers below.
this bright white flower is bell shaped, with strongly colored orange anthers and filaments.
a simple white flower with overlapping petals, an orange pollen in the center
the pure white petals of this flower surround a beautiful golden stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals, yellow stamens, yellow pistil and green pedicel.
this flower has thick yellow stamen and thick, upturned white petals with curling, rounded edges.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have multiple anthers that are yellow in color.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has many green sepals surrounding a hairlike fringe of purple petals.
this flower has green and purple colors on its petals with a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has very thin upright purple petals that sit upon layers of thick green sepals with purple tips.
thin, whispy light purple petals and large, green sepals.
this flower has petals that resemble leaves which open to surround a large grouping of purple stamen that have filaments but no antennas.
a large cup shaped flower with many purple string like petals sticking out of it.

this flower has orange petals that are rounded up around a red stamen in the center and red sepals around the bottom
the petals on this flower are orange with red stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with red style
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big stigma
this flower has light orange papery petals with dark orange veins and a red stamen with a bushy ball of red anthers.
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has light orange petals as well as red stamen.
the anther and filament of the stamen are a dark red color, with yellowish-pink flowers overlapping around it.
the anther and filament of the stamen are a dark red color, with yellowish-pink flowers overlapping around it.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have an orange center with green stem.
pedicels are green in color,petals are oval in shape and are purple in color
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink flower has long and oval petals and a large yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the long, pink petals surround a cluster of brown and orange stamen.
this flower has large purple petals and a cone-shaped pistil.
this flower has long purple oblong petals with a ribbed texture.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has white petals as its main feature.
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by five large, rounded white petals.
this simple flower features white petals, a green pollen tube, and white stamen with yellow filaments.
the flower has smooth white petals with a green pollen tube
a large white flower with large pedals and a golden and green stigma.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has round shaped white petals with small yellow anthers.
this flower has a wheel shape with white petals, a round green pistil, and orange stamen.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wrapped around each other.
this flower has overlapping light purple petals with white stamen.
the green needle shaped flowers are gren in color with red rounded close together petals with large white anthers
this interesting flower has light purple petals which overlap in a fan like pattern.
this violet colored flower has rotating petals, a bright green pedicle and a white stamen.
this pale purple flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has small light purple petals and small white stamens.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has a spiraling configuration of light purple petals with short white stamen at the center.

the flower shown has a thin pedicel and small yellow petals
this is a flower with yellow round shaped petals on it.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has yellow petals that are open and slightly floded at the tips with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the beautiful flower has yellow petals that are so soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming bowl like shape and supported by green pedicel
this flower has a thin green pedicel that leads up to a slightly cupped arrangement of shiny yellow petals.
this flower has yellow-orange stamen and anther filaments and yellow-orange petals.

dark pink petals green and white leads
the petals are facing up and they are pink in color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval and twisted.
this flower has petals that are pink with ruffled edges
this purple flower has the simple row of petals stand on a reddish pedicel
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright pink.
this hot pink flower has sporatidic petals that go many directions with dark heart shaped leaves.
this flower has thin pink petals that are folded upwards
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curved upward.
the flower has four bright, highlighter pink, asymmetrical petals, with no visible stamen.

the pistil area of this flower appears similar to a venus fly trap in design.
a purple and white flower with skinny long petals and a very large pistil.
there are many purple stamens and one large pistil with two colored overlapiing petals that are white and purple in color
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with a green pollen tube
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has purple stamen
this flower has a tall green pistil, dark blue filaments, and purple and white petals.
this flower is white, pink, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has a row of alternating purple and white petals.

this flower has full, large petals, that are red/pink near the ovary and fade to a bright pink toward the edges.
a pink flower with large rolled up petals and tiny pink anther.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have darker pink spots.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
the flower has light and dark pink petals, pink pistil, and stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red patches
this flower has pink petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has overlapping red petals which are wide, rounded, and very smooth.
the petals on this flower are mostly red purple in color and the inner stamen is the color pink.
this flower has bright pink petals with darker pink on their edges and light pink anthers in a dark pink center.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this is a flower that has pink petals and yellow anther.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and layers of soft pink petals.
the flower has bright pink petals and bright golden anther.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a orange stamen.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovary.
a flower with a singular white petal and yellow area underneath the white filaments
this is a white flower with one large petal and yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center
this white flower has white stamen and grey green sepals.
a flower with a wide petal that is white with a yellow center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a large white petal that makes a wheel-like shape with small white filaments.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
a tan and yellow pedaled flower with a green stem.
this flower has yellow, white and orange petals with green receptacle.
three flowers with myriad petals that are yellow in the center and brown on the outside.
this flower has layers of tapered peach colored petals with yellow accents.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
the flower has layers of several yellow and pink oval petals.
this flower has yellow and white rows of petals in the center of the flower, followed by rows of salmon colored petals towards the bottom.

the pale white flowerhas an outer row of white pink petaks with white colored stamen and pistils
this flower has a lot of pink petals with a lot of pink stamen
several scalloped pink tipped white petals with a green sepal and pedicel.
the flower shown has white petals with purple anther and a green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has long pink and white petals with long styles.
the pointed petals are white and pink and the stamens are green and pink.
the petals on this flower are white and they have pink tips on them
these flowers have ghostly white petals that are pointed and have light purple edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma

this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has flowing white petals which twist and overlap and no visible pistil.
this flower has many large, white petals that are creased in the middle and have round edges with no visible stamen or pollen tube.
the flower's white, wavy rounded petals droop down, mostly obscuring the also downward-facing central features.
the petals of the large flower are white in color with a green stem.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has ruffled edges
this white flower has different shaped white petals growing loosely above a thick stem.
this flower is characterized by its layered, white, wavy petals as well as its dark green pedicel.
this flower has all white petals with rounded edges and a slightly wrinkled texture.

the petals ate rounded and light purple in color and the stamen are larger than he stigma
the flower has purple petals with yellow anther and white filament
this flower has petals that are pale pink and white with orange filaments.
a pale purple five petaled flower with yellow stamen and green stigma.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a short green pistil with a ring of thin yellow stamen in the center of a wheel of light pink petals.
this flower has pale pink petals and a lot of stamen surrounding its stigma.
this pale pink flower has large petals surrounding prominent yellow stamen circled around bright green stigma.
this flower has light pink petals and orange clustered anther.

the flower has petals that are pink and white in color with a center that is beige.
the flower has petals that are white with a wide purple stripe, and thin curly stamen.
this flower has seven flowers that are slightly rounded, with a pointy tip.
the flower has a white petal and stamens with purple mixed in
this flower is big, it has blue and purple pedals.
the flower has white and pink petals and the pistil are white and the plant has green leaves
the seven oval-shaped, pink and white petals of the flower meet at a large, white pistil.
this purple and white flower has pointed petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink stripes
this flower has elongated petals that are white with a pink strip down the middle and an ivory colored stamen and pistil.

the red flower has petals that are soft, smooth and surround stamens forming bowl shape
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the petals are a very bright red color while the stamen is a light yellow color.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
these flowers are bright red with overlapping petals and leaves.
this flower has small and very smooth red petals whose edges are slightly rounded.
this flower has many red shell shaped petals that have darker spots near the pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower is made up of many smaller red flowers with dark centers.

the flower has petals that are thick, brown and are forming so many layers surrounding light violet stamen
the purple center surrounded by green leaves resembles a plant.
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has rows of thick green sepals surrounding hundreds of very thin purple petals.
this flower has a bulb-like body surrounded by green, toothed leafy petals, with feathery, light purple filaments extending from the center.
this flower has a spiked stamen embedded on a bowl of green sturdy leaves.
this flower has green petals that curve up and gradient to brown towards the center, the middle has many stringy purple stamen.
this purple flower has many pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are purple and is very stringy
this flower has thin purple petals and multiple layers of spiky green leaves.

the flower jhas many stamen with larger pink anthers
this hot pink flower has five large petals coming from the center, forming a star shape and has many prominent hot pink pistils coming out from the center.
this flower has star shaped pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has very bright pink petals with many stamen of the same color.
this flower has bright pink petals with darker pink spotting near its middle.
this flower has deep pink stamen with petals which are very bright pink with some darker red spots on them.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
a flower with long and thin pistil that is pink.

this almost perfectly round flower has bright yellow petals and stamen.
the flower shown has many layers of small yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this dome shaped yellow flower has many layers of small ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellowed and very ruffled
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny and very ruffled yellow petals.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are bright yellow.
this round yellow flower has small ruffle-like petals, and many layers.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.

this flower has petals that are red until you get t the yellow tip, and it has yellow pistil and stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are pointy on the ends.
this flower has red petals with yellow on the tip and has a yellow pistil.
this flower has a yellow and red pistil with a yellow and red stamen, and spiky yellow and pedals radiating out from the center.
a large cluster of red slender petals, tipped in yellow, surrounding a tight cluster of short yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has multiple rows of red yellow tipped petals surrounding a red stamen.
this flower has a ray-like configuration of red petals with yellow pointed tips.
this flower has layers of long thin red petals with pointed yellow tips.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.

the flower has a lot of pedal which is pink in color the ovary of the flower is light green
this is a pink flower with a yellow center. the pink petals are narrow and slim.
this pink flower has long, thin, and pointy petals, which surround a paler center.
there are many pink petals with yellow and green stamen.
the baby pink straight petals adorn the outside of the white lacy looking staman with a center of yellow pistils.
this flower has long, thin pale pink toothed petals and white stamen, with a pale yellow ovary.
a salmon colored bloom with two layers of long pointed petals in a star pattern with a pale yellow green ovule and light pinkish yellow stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pale pink.
this flower has pink petals that has yellow and green stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this two toned pink flower has petals that are darker pink near the center and fade to a lighter pink on the outside. the four stamen are a nice contrast of white in the center
the bright pink petals are layer over the white longer petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has five fringed petals that are pink with darker veins and a few noticeable stamen.
the petals are pinkish-purple and get lighter towards the edges with dark veins running through them.
the edges of the petals have a ruffled design, and the stamen of the flower is a shade of white, with pink edging.
this pink and white flower has toothed petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has pink edges
the flower has white stamen and pistil with pink petals.
this flower has a white pistil and pink petals with jagged edges.

a delicate white petaled star staped flower a small bright yellow center and yellow filaments.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connect to each other.
this flower has large white petals and a bright yellow center with white anthers
the flower has a smooth white petal with a yellow center and white stamen
the white petals form a circle around a cluster of tiny, white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
seamed round white petal with a yellow halo around a brown stamen and white center.
this white flower has one petal that is lined at certain intervals giving the appearance of more petals, the center is yellow and the stamen are white
this flower has bright white petals with a center of yellow.

this flower has a small number of large red upright petals on a thick brown pedicel.
a small pink flower with floppy pink flower petals with white on their ends.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals on this flower are pink with lots of folds.
this is a beautiful pink flower with large petals that have white tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has bright pink petals edge in white and red.
these flowers are round with pinkish petals which are in modest size.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
the petals of this flower are bright pink with white lines on the tip.

these bright pink flowers have petals that are rounded and have a deeper pink center that hides the stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple in the middle
the flowers are pink in color with a dark pink center and green leaves.
this flower has wide, purple petals with a darker purple throat and small styles.
a purple flower with five purple petals surrounding a dark purple center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has light pink petals with dark pink bases.
this flower has five small rounded pink petals and a fuchsia center.

this pointed red, black and yellow flower has a row of spiky petals with a dark yellow center.
this flower has orange and black petals with a green colored pedecil.
the petals on this flower are arrow shaped and yellow, with a vibrant orange stripe, and a large center.
the center stigmas are very small and yellow surrounded by the pollen tubes and pistils adorning the center while the outside of the flower is covered with long textured yellowish orange shaded layered petals.
this flower has three layers of elongated yellow petals with a dark stripe in the center, surrounding a yellow and black variegated ovary.
this flower has yellow petals with orange lines on them
this flower has a corona of spiky petals that are orange in the middle and bright yellow on edges.
this flower has yellow and orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow, orange and black in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has yellow petals with orange centers and a bright orange stamen.

the flower has petals that are dark pink with white stigma.
the petal is capsule in shape and pink in color with maler stamen and [pistil
this flower has large pale purple petals with darker purple veins throughout
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals on this flower are purple with dark purple veins.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that rounded in shape and have veins.
this flower has a large bright pink petal with darker pink veins throughout.
this flower has pink petals with darker pink veins running throughout.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
this flower has wide and rounded fuchsia petals with prominent purple veins.

this flower has a brownsish stem with many bluish balls
a purple and blue flower that has ball shaped petals and a thick red pedicel.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shape.
this flower has dark blue petals encompassing it giving it the appearance of a berry.
the flower is made of berries that are blue in color and are attached to a brown stalk.
the blueish purple flowers are rounded with openings facing downward and they are in a long bunch on the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
this flower has beautiful blue bell like petals with a brown stem.
this flower has a large amount of very small jug shaped petals that are blue with a white edge.
there are many small blue petals, shaped like balls, that are clustered together.

the prominent white pistil of this flower complements the large single red and green petal.
this heart shaped flower is red on the bottom and green around the upper edges with a large white pistil.
the flower has a green and red petal with a white pollen tube
a flower with one large red and green petal and a green tipped white pollen tube
this pretty flower has one big petal that is green and red.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
the petal of this flower is heart-shaped and is both red and green in color.
this red and green flower has a heart shaped petal and a yellow stigma.
this flower has a single large heart shaped petal that is red and green colored with a tall white pistil.
this flower is green, red, and white in color, with shiny petals.

this light orange flower has dark red veins in each of the four petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with short stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has large, round tipped orange petals with visible leaflike veins.
this flower has a small orange petal and white anthers in the middle
an orange group of flowers that have a gray stigma center.
this flower has small and very round orange petals with small veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
a petite orange flower with rounded petals has a tiny tan stamen.
this flower has petals that are smooth and rounded and orange in color.

the flower shown has pink petals, and several pink stamen.
dark created panels green middle red leaves
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
these flowers have thin red petals protruding from a deeper red stamen and pistil.
this flower has very thin, red petals branching off from a dark red pistil.
this flower has skinny dark red petals, a green stigma, and purple sepals.
this flower has thin red petals, curled like tubes, which protrude from the base.
the stamen themselves were pink and somewhat thorn like in comparison to the dull petals.

this flower has large white petals and a center that has yellow stamen in it
this trumpet shaped white flower has wide conjoined white petals and a small, bright yellow center.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow towards the center
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a whiter flower with floppy octagon arranged petals surrounding a yellow center.
this white and yellow flower has white stamen and gray green sepals.
a flower with wide petals that are white with a yellow center.
this flower has small white petals with a yellow center and white stamens.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has a small red petal and a long red stamen in the center
this small flower has several overlapping red petals with smooth, rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red with short steman
an array of red florets featuring dark red pollen tubes and green and brown leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and has red stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
this flower has overlapping bright red-orange petals and a red pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are red colored and round shaped.
this flower has small and rounded petals that overlap each other in a wheel-like configuration.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower has a green pedicel and multiple purple stems that have light purple stamen with darker purple anther.
this flower has narrow pink petals folded over and long pink stamen.
this flower is pink and looks like an octopus with its petals and dark pink pistals for the pollen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long and thin pale pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
this flower has long and thin pale pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
this flower has long and thin pale pink petals which curl slightly backwards.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals on this flower are yellow with brown lines.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
the petals on this flower are yellow and and unique because they go in different directions
this flower has yellow , broad shaped petals with black spots on the center of them, a green receptacle and green pedicel.
the yellow petals have brown spots and are wrinkled and the sepals are long and green.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this flower has bright yellow petals in a droopy t-shaped configuration.
this flower has bright yellow petals in a droopy t-shaped configuration.

this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower has purple petals, green leaves and a white stamen.
this flower has spiraling overlapping layers of pale purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spiral shaped.
this purple bowl-shaped flower has overlapping petals and one white pistil.
this flower has short dusty green sepals with smooth purple petals in a spiraling configuration.
this flower has petals that swirl into the center and grows on a bush.
this flower has many purple petals that are in a spiral pattern.
this flower has petals that are purple and overlap each other
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are arrange in a spiral.

the flower has long oval petals that are yellow with red dots over it.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
long pink and pale yellow petals on a yellowish green stem.
these blossoms have six widely spaced pedals and long narrow pistil, these are yellow with red spots.
the petals of this flower are yellow with magenta dots and the pedicel is green
this flower has sparsely arranged yellow petals with dark pink spots.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower has six yellow petals with orange spots and orange edges.

this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower petals are oval shaped, they are pink and whit spotted in color
the flower has a very strange looking petals covered in dots of purple and lines of black around each dot.
this flower has a drooping head of pointed petals in varying shades of mottled purple.
a flower with drooping dotted purple and white petals and conical yellow stamen.
medium sized, bell shaped, red and white spotted petals, yellow anthers, and a brown pedicel.
this flower oval shaped petals that are hanging down from the pedicel.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping down ward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink spots
this flower has an upside down blossom consisting of petals that are dark purple on the outside, red on the inside, and covered in irregular white spots.

the flower has longer anthers that are white with larger anthers that are yellow in color
orange petals with a white stripe down the middle and white filament and yellow anthers.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is white and peach in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and white stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are broad, orange with darker orange veins.
this flower has peach petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has pink petals with white stripes and tall white anthers with yellow anthers.

this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower shown has purple petals and a large pistil as its main feature.
the flower has a series of pink short and thick petals that are layered next to each other.
a flower with purple petals and no visible pistils shown.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
a flower that has stacked petals that is purple.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this is a long purple flower with sharp and pointed petals.
this fower has long narrow green leaves and a lavender wide pistel and three small purple leaves.

this flower features dull, white petals bolstered by a unique splash of green and streaks of red towards its bottom.
the flower has smooth white petals with spots of yellow and black
this flower is very cool bold white petals a unique yellow bottom, reminds me of a bird of butterfly.
this white beauty has four pure white petals and one that has yellow and black in the inside of it.
the flower has white petals, and the bottom petal has a yellow section with small black stripes close to the center of the flower.
this flower has smooth petals with rounded edges and they are white in color.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow patch
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
a large butterfly shaped flower that is white and has a yellow and brown spot.

this brightly colored flower has a single row of petals, orange at the center and yellow on the outer edges, radiating from a central core of burgundy and yellow anthers.
the flower has orange and yellow petals with a dark red stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow on the tips.
the color of the petals are yellow and orange and brown.
a yellow and red pedaled flower with a large and puffy center.
this yellow flower is characterized by its yellow-red color of its petals, and its red stamen.
this large, round flower consists of multiple layers of elongated, rounded petals that are orange in the center and bright yellow at the ages, with a large round rust colored center with a brighter yellow 'nucleus' of stamen.
this flower has a ringed arrangement of oblong red and yellow petals.
this flower row a double row of half red and half yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has green sepal and yellow petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals are bright yellow and broad, while the stamen is also yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower shown has layers of bright yellow petals, and a green center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.
this small flower has overlapping bright yellow petals and a short yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
these flowers have small yellow petals with round edges attached to green sepals.
these flowers have all matching yellow pedals, anther, and ovary.

this flower has many layers of red petals that have small hints of white. the rest of it is hidden by the abundance of petals
withe the petals overlapping each other and the petals being red in color.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red.
this flower has small red petals that curve upwards.
a large red flower with large green leaves attached to it.

this flower has light blue petals and dark blue stamen on the center
this flower has petals that are purple with short steman
the petals on this flower are soft and blue with a purple pedicel
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this large blossom has five wide, thin laender colored petals with rounded and ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a dark center
the flower has lavender petals with a darker hue in the center
the flower has a purple pollen tube and has ruffled petals which are also purple in color.
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has fuzzy purple petals arranged around a wide pollen tube.

the petals are white with yellowish streaks and the sepal is green.
this pretty flower has large white petals the are horn shape.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are white with veins.
the flower is funnel shaped with its petals fused near the sepal but are gradually separating towards their tip
a white flower with green color inside center on top of green leaves and stem.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white.
the white flower has fused petals that are starting as a tube and suddenly flaring out and forming a star like shape
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has five wide ruffled white petals with green veins.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has long, thin pink petals, and long green pedicels.
this flower has green pedicel and light purple petals as its main features
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have long thin pink filaments.
this flower has pink petals that are long, thin, and curly at the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long pink petals with dark pink stigmas.
this flower has light pink petals and long thin filaments.
a pink flower with curled back pink petals that surround very long pink stamen.

this flower has five striped pink and cream petals and a tight cluster of pink stamen at the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this pink flower has a flower head that contains a bunch of stamens.
this is a pink flower with five large triangular petals surrounding a small pollen tube.
this flower has large and wide pink petals with prominent vertical striations.
this flower has petals that are pink and had red lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has five pink and white striped squared off petals surrounding a pink stamen.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple with ruffled edges
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
this flower has long overlapping purple petals with a very ruffled texture.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is green
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
a large white and purple pedaled flower with a funnel shape.
this flower has broad light purple petals and dark purple stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and is ruffled together
this flower has petals that are purple and is ruffled together

petals are yellow in color,they are larger and broader in size
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stigma
what i think is unique about this flower bright canary petals and its cranberry stigma.
the petals are yellow with some small white pistils in the center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has small, smooth orange petals with delicate ruffling.
flower with long green pedicel ending in cluster of small yellow petals, red center, short stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches

the petals of the flower are white with inside that are yellow in color.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pedals are white graduating to yellow toward the stamen that form a star shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the flower and thick white petals with a bright yellow middle.
this flower has small petals that form a star-like shape that are white and yellow colored.
the petals of this flower are yellow on the inside and white closer to the edges
the beautiful flower has petals that are white towards their tip and gradually becoming yellow towards the center and they are arranged in single layer overlapping with other petals spirally
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.

this flower has white petals that are attached to each other and a cluster of tiny white stamen.
this white flower has an inner star shape to the petals and white stamen.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with white pistil
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and connected.
this plate-shaped flower has a single large petal and four stamens.
the flower has a five lobed single, trumpet shaped petal with several white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a small style
a beautiful flower with white petals and a white stamen surrounded by green leaves
this flower has an all white fluted petal with a small cluster of stamen.
this flower has a white wheel shaped petal with short white stamen.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
a flower with bright red petals and orange pistils and anther filaments.
this flower has bright red petals and a lot of yellow anthers on it
the flower has a bright red petal with yellow stamen in the center
this flower has a lot of petals with a reddish color with yellow in the middle
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a red flower with many layered red petals and a yellow center.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong petals.

the flower shown has several layers of skinny yellow petals, and a yellow center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has thin yellow petals and bright yellow stamen.
the petals are very thin and long and are the same yellow color as the round, stubby stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower had many thin, yellow petals and a cluster of rounded, yellow structures at the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a great many very thin yellow petals and a grouping of round yellow pistils at the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a multitude of bright yellow petals and yellow stamens.

a five petal yellow and white flower with tiny anther in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white on the fringe and yellow inside
the white flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the sepal forming a disc like shape
this flower has 5 round petals going from yellow in the middle to white on the outside. no visible pistil.
this flower has five white, rounded petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has five white petals with yellow highlights giving it a star like shape.
this flower has thick petals that are white then fading yellow to the center of the flower.

this flower has petals that are red with a white and yellow style
dark red petal long white and yellow middle dark green leaves
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a single red petal, and a long, white style with a yellowish stigma.
flower has large bright red heart shaped petal with yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower resemble the texture of plastic, and has a vibrant red color.
a single large, red, heart-shaped, waxy-looking petal and long, thick, white pistil that is tipped with yellow.
a flower with one petal that surrounds the pollen tube and is bright red.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style
this flower is red and white in color, with one large petal.

bright white cool flower, inviting us to take a swim.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are light purple with dark yellow stamen.
the flower shown has lots of white petals and yellow anther and filament
this lovely flower has numerous large white petals, with a vibrant yellow style and stamen.
this flower has dozens of thin, ovular, white petals that are layered in a circular pattern around a center with dozens of short, bright yellow and white stamen.
this flower has a yellow center and overlapping layers of pointed white petals.
this flower has soft white petals surrounding bright yellow stamen.
this flower that grows in the water has many narrow, white petals and a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple layers of white petals with spiky yellow stamen at the center.

this flower has a red colored petal, with a red colored stigma
the pistil is deepest yellow and the petals are magnificently white.
these flowers have red smooth petals with red and white pistils.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower is made of a clump of petals that are red in color with green leaves.
this flower has bunched up salmon colored petals, salmon anther filaments and a plum colored ovule.
this flower has small orange petals clustered together hanging from a green bush.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.

this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow stigma
a pink flower has two whorls of big petals, a prominent yellow pistil, and several yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker at the tips.
overall the pistil is a golden color, while the petals resemble pink lemonade.
this flower has pink petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has long oval petals with points that are shaded from cream to pink and a yellow stamen.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower has a yellow trumpet like stigma, with soft pink petals that are lighter pink towards the center and darker pink towards the edges.
this flower has a prominent yellow pistil surrounded by pink and white petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stingy
the yellow round flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged and supported pedicel
the yellow petals appear small and the pedicel is seen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no stamen.
this is a yellow flower with many small petals that tend to flex downward.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and bunched.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has tightly bunched yellow petals with yellow stamen.

this flower has the prominent yellow petals overlapping each other
spiky, tiered petals blend with leaves on this plant.
this flower is green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has many petals, growing up into a tall body, which have a yellow tint and waxy looking texture.
this flower has long yellow petals that are pointy and a green stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are green and are pointed
this flower has smooth wax like green petals in rows blooming from the bottom up with larger petals on the bottom
this flower has long pointed petals of green shaded to yellow on the edges.
this flower has vertical layers of thick and very pointed yellow petals.
this flower has think yellow and green petals with a yellow pistil.

the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and are yellow in color with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
the flower shown has yellow petals and a yellow pollen tube.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
the petals are bright yellow with a slight greenish hue, and they are pointed at the end, and the stamen and stigma are also yellow.
this flower has yellow petals in a star shape and a cylindrical center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this yellow flower has pointed petals, a yellow stigma and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are so smooth, soft and arranged two layers in which the inner layer is forming a bell like shape and the outer layer is forming a disc like shape

the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen
the flower has white petals with steman and pistil in a ball shape.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and large.
the flower shown has white petals with yellow pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are white with yellw stamen
there is a single layer of overlapping ruffled broad rounded white petals surrounding a puff of yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wilted.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has pure white petals, a single green and brown pollen tube and orange-yellow anther filaments.
this flower has a yellow fluffy center and very ruffled white petals.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has pointy orange petals that are sharp on the edges.
the petals of the flower are pointed in shape and are orange and red in color.
this flower has petals that are dark peach, shiny and pointed.
the flower has sharp pointy leaves that are reddish orange colored.
a red flower with it's shiny red petals arranged in a star formation.
this flower has layers of very thick and very waxy, pointed red petals.
this flower has alternating layers of sharply pointed orange petals and long thin green leaves.
this flower has many sharp red petals with white spots on them.
this flower has petals that are red and has pointy tips

flower with bright purple petals on a green stem
this flower has purple petals with purple pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with pointy tips
this flower has thin, leafy purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has bright magenta petals that fan out in a flat space surrounded by bright green leaves.
this flower has very large bright purple petals with prominent veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this flower looks like it has three magenta leaf shaped petals that surround a magenta pistil.

the red flower has thin, soft and funnel shaped petals and the stamen has yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has bright red petals with a red pistil and red, yellow and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stigma
this flower has five large and round ruffled red petals and a long red stamen.
this flower has very large red petals with a long red pistol with orange and red stamens.
this flower has red petals protruding from a green pedicel with green leaves.
bright red wavy petals with a long pistil with yellow stamen.

this is a small flower that has round yellow and orange petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with an orange center
a flower with individual clusters of orange and yellow petals with central green stamen cluster
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
a large group of golden and orange flowers with green stems.
a flower with short and wide petals that are yelow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are small and oval shaped.
a small yellow flower that has yellow petals that get darker at their center all of which are surrounding a light yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange center

this flower has five smooth white petals with slightly pointed edges and yellow centers.
this petals on this flower are yellow and very wide.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flower are in a rotating pattern and are yellow in color.
this flower has staggered yellow petals that overlap each other.
this beautiful yellow flower has a lot of sepals with no stigma
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow petals arranged in a spiraling pattern.
a yellow and white flower with large pedals in a circular pattern.
this flower has petals that are yellow and in a pinwheel shape

this flower contains purple petals with filaments placed thinly around the the stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
purple petals with purple and white middle green leaves
a flower with wavy purple petals, purple stigma, and white anther and filaments
this light purple flower has long stringy petals and white stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has short purple petals with many stamen coming out in every direction.
this flower has purple petals spread wide open exposing large white anther and hair thin filament extending past the petals.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy and multicolored.
this is a green and red flower with long and pointy ruffled petals.
the petals of the flower are curled and are red and yellow in color.
a ruffled red and yellow flower with a green pedicel holding it up.
this flower has petals that are pink with green edges and thin
this flower has long red and white petals with white stamens.
this flower has red and yellow shredded looking petals with sharp edges.
this flower has long, thin petals that are red on front and beige on the back.
sharp pointy leaves that have a red tip where it meets white at the bottom connecting to a green stem
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with pink stamen
the flower is very big with white petals that are soft, smooth, thick and has stamens in the centre
the flower shown has large smooth white petals with pink pistil
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
a very large snowy white flower with a red stigma center.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a pink ovary with a generally cupped arrangement of smooth oblong white petals.
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the flower has a bunch of purple colored petals that looks quite similar to its leaves.
this flower has purple petals, purple pollen tube, and it has a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink steman
this flower has a purple petal and a purple stigma in the middle
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
there are several magenta petals in a star pattern with magenta and white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pink stamen
the flower has several irregular purple petals, with purple pollen tubes topped with a white stigma.
this flower has hot pink leaves with veins and pointed tips, surrounding white blossoms.

petals are green maroon in color,the stamen are many and are purple in color
the flower has a pedicel resembling a pinecone, and long, purple needles for petals.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has a cactus like appearance on the bottom half and numerous amounts of thin purple petals sticking out of the top.
this flower has petals that are green with purple stringy stamen
this flower has thick green and purple sepals and very skinny blue petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this flower has a pronounced group of purple stamen and a sepal that resembles an artichoke in its shape and coloring.
the light purple petals are thin and long and the pedicel is spiky.
this flower has a cactus like exterior with many straight purple stamen in the center.

this flower has a brown pistol with yellow skinny and long petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are drooping down.
a single row of bright yellow petals is arranged around a central brown stamen.
this yellow and brown flower has narrow pointed petals and tiny stamen.
this is a bright yellow flower with long slender petals and a black center.
this flower has narrow yellow petals, with dark brown stamen in the center.
this flower has a single row of long bright yellow petals.
this flower has skinny yellow petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this large red flower has rows of slightly pointed petals and stamens in the center.
this vibrant red flower has petals that grow to a point and the stamen have yellow anthers.
this red-petaled flower features lush, yellow stamen at the center.
the bright red petals of this flower surround a single row of stamen topped with gold anther and the center stigma is brown.
this flower has large red petals and bright yellow stamens.
the pretty red flower has a yellow center and is surrounded by many buds.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a flower with two layers of red petals that bend slightly back at their edges and a black ovule with yellow stamen at it's center.
this flower has bright red oblong petals in multiple layers.

this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are all multi colored.
a flower with large individual purple, white, and red petal with a singular pistil in the center of its opening.
the flower shown has blue and purple petals with a white stamen
the flower has petals that are dark purple with white stigma.
this flower has five large conjoined lavender petals with accents of deep purple.
this flower is bright purple with edges of magenta and a greenish center.
this flower is blue and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and shaped like a hron.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white stigma
the petals of the flower are a vibrant purple color, with shades of pink throughout the petal.
a purple soft petaled flower with a pink star shaped design and a center that goes in like a cone.

this flesh colored flower has oval shaped pedals thats it amongst each other with green variegated leaves and anther.
yellow and peach petals stacked to make a large flower with dark orange pistill.
the flower has petals that are smooth, pink and has layers of petals surrounding the stamen
the flower has petals that are yellow with pale peach edges.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched on top of each other.
a dull pink and yellow flower with white edges on the pedals.
this flower has peach petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow
this flower has layers of pink and yellow petals with small yellow stamen in it's center.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the flower shown has thin purple petals as its main feature.
the flower shown has a smooth purple petal and also a green pedicel
the petals of this flower are purple and it has short stigmas
the purple colored flower features four outward pointing petals.
dark lavender trumpet flower with overlapping wide petals on a tall stalk.
this flower has wide and delicate pale purple petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has imprint lines
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has large purple petals with a darker purple leading to the center.

this mostly pink flower has a deep purple colored section of its petals toward its stamen area.
petals are oval in shape,they are pink in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are dark near the center.
the petals are bright pink with white tints towards the middle, and the stamen is yellow.
this flower has petals that are red with purple patches
this flower has pink petals with purple in the center
this flower has five bright pink petals with a bit of dark pink at the base of the petals and an orange stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this pink flower covers many different pink shades, a dark shade of pink to a lighter shade of pink.
pink flowers with five petals that are darker pink in the middle with yellow anther in the center.

this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
the flower shown has yellow petals with yellow pistil as well
this is a yellow flower with long and saggy petals on it.
a yellow flower with ruffled and rumpled petals and no visible stamen or pistils.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has wide and soft yellow petals whose edges are slightly rounded.
a solid yellow full bloom bearded iris with bright green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has yellow petals and large sepal that point up.

this cone shaped flower transitions from purple to white.
flower is capsule in shape,it is blue in color
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has petals that are blue with white lines
this blue and white flower has rounded petals, a red green pedicel and a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
a flower with a blue petal that wraps around the pistil.
trumpet shaped flower with blue pedals and single white stamen and and anthers.
this flower is blue and white in color, with only one large petal.

this flower has a wide textured brown center surrounded by down turned purple feathers.
this flower has a long pink petal with a lot of red stamen and anthers in the middle
the stamen are spiky or rather, thorn-like and tipped with a reddish-orange coloring.
purple petals diverge radially from the central disk of florets, which is orange and spiky.
flower with droopy dark pink petals and orange tipped stamen.
this flower is characterized by its droopy purple flowers, and its red, black pistil at the center.
this flower is purple and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red stamen
this flower has long dro0py pink petals and a prominent red pistil.
downward facing purple petals encircle a large red stamen in this flower.

the bottom parts of the stem are green and the flowers are white with green striping down the middle with jagged outer edges.
the flower shown has green sepal and pedicel with white petals
this is a small,white flower with yellow stem and stamen.
this is a flower that has tall white petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this is a white flower with one large petal that is pointed upwards and turns yellow toward the receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has funnel-like white petals with uneven edges and light green veins.
this white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
the flower has long petals that are white with wavy edges.

the flower shown has yellow and pink petals with a green sepal
an orange and pink flower with veiny textured petals and a green receptacle.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have red veins.
this lovely "hanging" flower has rounded yellow petals with rosy red veins, and the sepal appears to be clutching the entire flower, including the stamen and pistil, of which the stigma is peeking out from the bottom (top) of the flower
the flower faces towards the ground with orange petals with pink stripes running through them.
the bell shaped flower has petals that are soft, smooth and supported by green sepal with bunch of stamen sticking out
the orange petals are wrinkled and have deep red veins and the anther is red.
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that have pink veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower has a bright green sepal and petals that are orange with yellow edges and pink veins.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
large flower with off white petals with one distinct petal having leopard spots. the filament is long and purple
this flower has large pink flowers with dark pink spots and long white stamen in the center
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has long ping stamen and large white petals with dark pink dots on them.
a beautiful flower with purple petals and a purple stamen.
this flower has five pink petals that have purple dots on them
a large star shaped flower with purple and white petals surrounding long string like purple stamen.
this flower has light pink petals with darker pink spots and they're arranged in a star-like pattern.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that ore oval shaped.

this bright pink-petaled flower has some small buds and long green pedicels.
this flower has pink petals with a green pedicel as its main features
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a stem that is green in color.
the petals are pink and rounded and cover the pistil.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and a bright green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has large, wide pink petals with smooth edges and pale veins.
this flower has pink petal and fuzzy pedicel that are green.

the petals on this flower are red with a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are red with white stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has crinkly red petals and one white stamen in the center.
this broad-petaled reddish flower has slight toothed patterns at the edges of the petals.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and forming a disc like shape with stamen with white anthers sticking out from the centre
this flower has a white stigma protruding from the center of a single layer of five dark peach colored petals that have fused together.
this flower has petals that are red and has flowery stamen
the flower has multiple layers of red orange pedals with a white center.
this flower has five semi-conjoined red petals which are rounded and delicately veined.

this flower has white petals, a light green pollen tube, and white stigma.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are purple along the edges.
a diamond shaped white flower with a couple of white anther.
this flower has petals that are white with a white stamen
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen
this flower has a large wheel-like shape with a smooth white petal and a tall stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a white style
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled back at the edges.
a flower with a large petal that is white and curled outwards.
this flower has white petals and shape like a circle with water specks.

cone-shaped flowers, white with pink interiors, feature white stamens inside and long, dark green, grass-like leaves below.
this white flower has some thick petals and purple pistils.
these light purple cornet shaped flowers are in a small bunch.
this flower has white petals that slowly turn purple as it gets closer to the middle.
this is a small flower with pink petals, and a green pedecil.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has a single large horn shaped petal.
these flowers have white petals with sparse edges on green sepals.
this pale rosy white flower has rounded rough looking petals with a small stamen in the middle.
this flower has very light pink petals with slightly jagged edges and a dark pink ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center

the flower has petals that are stacked and peach with a purple bloom.
this flower has petals that are pink and have many layers
this interesting flower has pink petals that are long and narrow.
this flower is pink and blue in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
the flower has a blue and pink petal with the pink petal stacking
this peach color flower has sepal arranged in a unique fashion like a handmade fan
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has very flat, broad peach colored petals, the stigma and stamen do not seem present.
this flower has thin pink petals that fold upwards together
the flower has alternating pink petals in a flat, vertical structure and there looks to be a blue flower too.

the petals are joint and form a bell, the white petals have green veins.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with short stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have small veins.
the flower has white and green petals with tiny ridges on the edges.
this flower has white petals and an olive yellow pistil
this is a white flower with one large flower that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
a large group of white flowers with a funnel shape.

this flower has a bunch of bright red petals and bright yellow anthers
this bright flower has several layers of smooth red petals surrounding an orange and rigid looking stamen.
this is a red flower with a yellow ovule
this is a red flower with oval shape petals with yellow pollen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bright red and short.
this flower has red leaves and a yellow stamens
this flower has very bright red petals and the pedicel is short and green
the petals on this flower are mostly red with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
there are two layers of bright red oval shaped petals in a star shaped pattern surround bright yellow stamen.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled and oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals and white pistil as its main features
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the flower is very big and petals are violet and arranged in star shape
this flower has petals that are purple with white filaments.
the flower consists of five bright purple long petals surrounding a lavender stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are curled at the edges.
this dark purple flower has five pointed petals with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are deep purple on top, light purple on bottom, and has long stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

the flower has blue petals with white in the center.
the petals on this flower are blue fading to white in color.
this blue and white flower appears to have a single petal, with a deep ovule.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are in the shape of a cone.
this flower had blue petals that get lighter toward white once they go near the stem.
this flower is a trumpet shape, blue on the whole with white center.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are curved on the edges.
this flower has blue petals that have white shading in the center
a flower with long petals that are curled outwards and blue.
this trumpet shaped flower has vivid blue un separated petals and a white center towards the pistil.

a flower with large red wilted petals with other petals which are dark red folded in on each other.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
this flower has pink sepals surrounding several large ruffled red petals.
this flower has orange petals and a light red stigma in the center
this flower has petals that are red with ruffled edges
this flower has folded irregularly shaped red petals and purple appendages.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
a bright red flower with a crimson center, and the petals randomly arrange.
a flower with long and wide petals that are curled outwards.
this flower has large red petals with red lines in them and large red sepal.

this flower is purple and orange in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has pale purple floppy petals that vary in the strength of the purple.
the leaves are green,the petals are broader and are purple in color
this flower has petals that are purple with a bit of yellow
this flower has large pale purple petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow pathes
this is a light purple flower with ruffled edges that turn dark purple and yellow closer to the receptacle.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this purple, white and orange flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are generally very light purple with a little bit of darker color and yellow.

rows of long, triangular, orange petals with a long orange pollen tube
this is a yellow and blue flower with long sharp petals.
the flower on the plant is spiky in appearance and yellow in color.
this yellow flower has spikey petals, with blue leaves.
the long petals on the flowers was shaped with a point and yellow in color
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
coming out from the sepal are several toothy, slim, sharp yet dense bright yellow petals.
the spiky petals are orange and the sepals are pointed and green.
this flower has spiked orange oval shaped petals on it.
this blue and orange flower has pointed petals and a red and green pedicel.

the flower has many petals that are dark pink with white edges and white filaments.
a flower with large purple and white petals and lavender tipped central stamen cluster.
the petals on this flower are white on the fringe and purple in the middle.
the flower has purple and white petals with grey filament and anther
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white edges
this flower has a single row of dark purple petals with a white border and many lavender stamen.
this flower has large white and purple petals with long stamens.
a flower with short and narrow petal that is purple with white edging.
this flower has petals that are white along the outer edge and purple towards the center.

a dark purple flower with a lime center, and a green stem.
this flower has light purple petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has dark purple flat petals and long, thin yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has deep blue petals with ridges at their center and short yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are purple.
five large purple petals surrounded yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple lavender in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
sepals are green in color,inne petals are purple and the oputer petals are yellow in color
this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has sharp yellow petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has small and orange petals that point upwards
this flower is orange in color, with long pointed petals.
the long, pointed, pale orange petals of this flower resemble leaves.
this orange flower has about 10 wing like petals with sharp long blue green leaves.
this flower has orange petals with very pointed tips arranged in a sparse fashion.

this flower has petals that are blue with purple lines
this medium sized flower has 5 purple petals with 5 violet or pink streaks
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
the flower has a single petal which is purple in color.
the petals on this flower are purple with light purple stripes.
this flower is blue and white in color, with multi colored petals.
the flower has blue petals with a purple streak leading to a white center
this flower has five wide, overlapping petals of blue and purple with soft ruffled texture.
a flower with wide and long petals that are blue with a purple streak.
this flower has blue petals with red lines and a white center

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has stamens sticking out
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with dark lines
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red and white lines
a large pink flower with ruffled pink petals that surround a long pink pistil at it's center.
this flower has solid pink or white petals, pink or white anther filaments and dark green leaves.
this flower has a large and prominent pink pistil surrounded by large pink petals with dark veins.

this flower is a soft yellow with a soft pink in center of petals
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a white flower with large, white petals that transition to a dark pink towards the center.
the flower petals are white in color and has an inner maroon colored part
this flower has a large white petal with a pink center in it
this flower has creamy white petals that are shaded to bright pink at the center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
a yellow and white flower with an enclosed center with dark red leaves.
this flower is made up of elongated white flowers with pink closer to the stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are wavy and pointed at the tip.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have leaves that are pink in color.
the flower has thin purple petals that are small and sparse.
flower is purple in color,leaves are pink in color
this flower has petals of hot pink and bright purple that are almost fluorescent.
this flower has a trio of very light blue petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has three long lavender petals and braided pink petals.
this flower is pink and blue in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.

this rounded flower consists of a cluster of bright yellow, trumpet-shaped petals, and has oblong leaves of dark green.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have curled edges.
a yellow bee hive shaped flower with many small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
the petals of the flower is in the shape of a small bell, and is a vibrant yellow color with green near the base.
the flower has many little yellow petals that have wavy edges.
this flower has a rounded mound of small ruffled yellow petals.
this is a yellow flower with several small petals that curve upwards.

this flower has a gradually changing colored petals, ranging from violet to the outer part to white towards the middle.
a beautiful purple and white flower, the edges of the petals are purple the stamen is purple and the pistil is green.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are thing and bright.
the flowers have delicate-looking petals perched atop thin green stems, white at the base and darkening to purple at the tips, centered around yellow and purple stamens.
white and violet color petals, many stamens with light green color filaments and violet stamens
this flower has large white and purple petals with small white stamens.
these flowers have white and purple petals that are semi round.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower has white petals that fade into purple near the edges.
a white and a purple group of flowers with a green stigma.

the petals on this flower are peach going to yellow.
a flower with yellowish petals and orange anther filaments.
this flower has many overlapping layers of long, pointed yellow petals with pale pink tips.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flower has small peach and yellow petals with yellow stamen
this yellow and pink flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
multiple thin overlapping peach-colored petals -- tending toward yellow near the center -- surround a stubby pistil surmounted by a dark yellow stigma.
multiple rows of long oval shaped pedals with maroon highlights surrounding a dark yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has yellow petals with a brownish tint at their tips.

this flower has small white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this is a flower with small white petals and yellow pistils and anther filaments.
white petals yellow middle dark greenleaf
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
a large white flower with long pedals and a yellow center.
this flower has a ring formation of thin oblong white petals.
this flower has white petals and yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower shown has small white petals with yellow anther in the middle.

a cup shaped flower with a peg shaped stigma and small black stamen.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink at the tips.
the flower shown has a large yellow pistil and smooth white petals
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has thick yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of white petals.
this flower has white petals with purple tips and a yellow, tube-shaped stamen.
this flower has multiple white petals and a yellow stamen.
a large white burst of oval white petals in a star pattern surrounding a large yellow cylindrical pistil.

this pinkish-petaled flower features similar, but dark-colored stamen.
with the exception of its pink leaves, this flower is pink all over, including its pistil and stamen with a scatter of darker pink spots on some of the leaves.
this flower is bright pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has pretty pale pink petals with one or two having a darker pink design on them.
this five petal flower has rounded edges and they are in a bright pink, on half the petals are dotted with a red pattern.
this flower has pale pink petals with some having deeper pink spots on them
the flower is light pink on the outside and darker pink on the inside and it has five petals.
a small flower with light pink petals, speckled pink towards the pistils; which are also pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots on them
this flower has green sepals and bright pink petals with brown spots.

the flower shown has thorny petals as its main feature.
a flower with spiky gray petals accompanied buy green pistils in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and sharp looking
this flower has long white spiky petals and a large green stigma in the middle
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has green petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has a thick green center and leaves of spiky pale purple.
this flower has long spike-shaped petals and a cone-shape pistil.
this flower has petals that are green and has a big style
this flower has a thick green pistil surrounded by thin and jagged white petals.

the flower has large light pink petals that are overlapped and delicate.
this complex flower has multiple rows of serrated pink petals that become more tightly packed in the center, enclosing the ovule and stamens.
this flowers features pale pink jagged petals and a long pollen tube.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flower shown has many pink petals with serrated edges as its main feature.
this pink flower has toothed petals and a light green sepals and dark green pedicel.
a pink flower with many small pink ribbon like petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
the petals are light pink and ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together

this flower has a long white petal and a lot of yellow stigma in the middle
the petals of the flower are white in color with a yellow center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has pale yellow pointed petals with many yellow stamens.
the flower has needle shpaed petals that are white in color with many stamen with large anthers
this flower has a grouping of thick yellow stamen surrounding by ascending layers of light yellow pointed petals.
this white flower has pointed petals and a dark red pedicel.
a white flower with pointy pedals and a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this pale yellow flower includes layers of skinny, elongated petals surrounding a cluster of stamens.

this trumpet-shapes flowers have curly and purple petals accompanied by long purple stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has pink petals and an orange and green pedicel.
the flower has long skinny purple petals and long purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
a cluster of light pink trumpet shaped flowers with long thin curled petals in a star pattern with prominent pink stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin petals in pale pink which curl backwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin

this flower has white and dark purple petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
the petals of the flower are white in color and have leaves that are green.
the petals of this flower are white and red with a short stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted dark red and white in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple spots
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are all connected and spotted on the inside.
the petals of the flower have a distinctive pattern of purple, white, and green throughout.
this white flower has many purple speckles on the inside of its pedals.

the flower has white and purple petals, with the yellow stamen clearly visible.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has stringy purple petals with green pollen tubes in the middle
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
this flower has protuberant green and purple stamen and pollen tube surrounded by fringed thin purple petals, which are in turn surrounded by slightly pointed wide white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has white petals with blue filaments and light yellow pistils.
this flower has purple and green petals under a purple fringe and thick green stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
there is a bottom row of pale purple petals, and an inner row with numerous thin, dark purple spikes, and a prominent pale green pistol.

the petals of the flower are red in color and have a center that is made of yellow anthers.
this flower has red petals which overlap and many yellow stamen.
these blossoms are reddish orange with yellow anthers and brown-maroon stigma.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is bright orange red with a single layer of petals and center yellow stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are red colored.
this flower has a short clump of yellow stamen surrounded by layers of oblong red petals.
the petals of the flower are red in color with a middle full of yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals and a yellow color scheme leading into the white pistil.
one large petal that surrounds a yellow center and white stamen and pistil.
this bell like flower has five conjoined white petals which curl outward in a round shape.
a flower with a wide petal that is white that is curled outward.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a center that is yellow in color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this white and yellow flower has triangular petals and white stamen and anthers.

hundreds of toothpick sized, yellow petals surrounding a yellowish-gold center.
this flower has many ayers of hairlike fringes yellow royals which are short and very thin.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched and skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has layers of very thin yellow petals and tiny yellow hairs.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
the yellow petals are thin and form a spherical shape around the golden colored stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has a large number of very skinny yellow petals.

a flower with few pink red petals with smooth rounded edges.
the flower has a bright red petal with a black pedicel as well
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are large and wavy.
this flower has rounded cherry-red petals with no visible sepals, and is supported by a dark red pedicel.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is a dark almost black color
a dark tall stem supporting dark pink, wide petals.
the petals are red and slightly ruffled and the pedicel is dark red.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upwards
the petals of this flower are a bright red and the stem is a deep black.

this flower is yellow and pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower features a long green stigma surrounded by a red waxy petal.
this is a flower with a large pink petal and a long green stigma
the leaf of the flower is pink in color and the stigma is yellow in color.
this flower has a singular thick pink petal with a thick green pistil in the middle
pale pink like puddy with a long yellow stamen
a light pink shiny flower with long tan stigma.
this flower has a shiny pink petal with long yellow stamen in the middle of it.
a flower with a large petal that wraps around the yellow pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style

this flower has white anther with orange petals as its main features
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shades
this flower has orange petals with a grouping of white sepals in the center of each petal group. there is also a cluster of berries towards the center of the flower
this orange-red flower has a simple row of petals with the white stamens at the middle
this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the small flower is so beautiful and has orange petals that are soft, smooth and the white bunch of stamen are sticking out from the centre
orange and yellow petals with white stamen.
a few orange and red flowers with a gray stigma and a red small plants in the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stigma
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has numerous yellow stamen and dark orange petals.
this composite flower of asteraceae family has whorl of orange colored outer florets forming the corolla, and the inner florets are yellow colored, and it has a long stiff pedicel.
the beautiful orange flower has petals that are separately arranged around the bunch of stamen forming a disc like shape
this flower has smooth orange layered petals with yellow stamen in the middle of it.
this flower has a ring of small orange petals that have a ribbed texture.
this flower has a yellow center and long, vertically striated orange petals.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

the petals of the flower are white and the inside is yellow.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that is white.
this flower has lots of oblong white petals that are arranged closely together and a yellow disk center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ovalshaped.
this flower has white petals with a yellow stamen center.

this flower has white petals with a small white pistil.
this flower has large white petals and a few anthers in the middle of it
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and fused and also the stamens are sticking out from the centre
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the edges.
this is a white flower with one large petal and small yellow stamen.
this flower is bright white with small points on the edge with a center of light yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has white petals with pointed edges and yellow anther.
this flower has white pedals with pointy tips and a brighter yellow stema.

the flower is pink in color and has petals that are triangular in shape and is pink in color.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has thick pink and yellow petals with green sepal.
the star shaped green leaves are smaller in size with large compact pale yellow petals
collective peach (on the outer layers) and yellow (on the central layers) colored petals come together in a pinecone-like fashion.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this flower has large pale orange petals and yellow stamens.
this is a light orange flower with oval-shaped petals that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
this flower has different layers of small oblong peach colored petals.
this pink, yellow, and orange flower has pointed petals and green sepals.

this flower has a white petal with a yellow center and pink stripe on the bottom
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
the petals are white with yellow, red, pink, and purple streaks and splotches that form a pinwheel effect spanning from the center.
this flower has five white petals with hints of yellow and purple coloring on them.
five overlapping petals, white at their edges, then yellow, then red at their very bases, form a star shape.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has very smooth white petals with yellow and pink accents.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five, large petals that are primarily white with yellow in the center and red at the base/center of the flower.
a star shaped flower with white and yellow petals with hints of purple and red.

this flower is vibrant and contains yellow-orange petals and brown innards.
these peach colored flowers have curved pointed petals and a dark center
this flower is pink and yellow in color with many petals, and dark stigma.
the flower shown has white and peach petals with patches of yellow
this large blossom has multiple overlapping rows of yellow and peach-colored petals.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has layers of peach colored petals with yellow accents.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has pale orange and yellow petals with yellow stamens.
this flower has rings of pink and yellow flowers surrounding a dark pistil.

this flower has thick protruding stamen surrounded by ruffled orange petals.
this is a small orange flower, with dark orange spots on it in some areas.
this orange and yellow-petaled flower has a green stem.
he flower petals are rounded in shape and yellow dark in color with shorter stamen
the petals of the flower are orange and have a spikey ovaries in the center.
this bloom is bright yellow and is attached to a purple pedicel.
this flower has multicolored orange, red, yellow petals which are drooping from the stem.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow dots
multiple flowers form at the end of the stem, with loose yellow-orange petals.
this flower has thick, dark pink sepals and receptacles that hold rounded and wavy orange petals.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
fire orange large rounded petals with abundant stamen
the flower has orange petals with yellow stamen and pink anther
the flower shown has orange petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
these flower have orange petals arranged in a circular shape with yellow stamen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are round with dark orange and yellow
this flower has orange and yellow petals with bushy stamen

this flower has long skinny yellow petals and yellow anthers in the middle of it
the flower is big, yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the clustered stamen
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red striped down the center.
the flower has large overlapping petals that are yellow around the edges and brown in the center, with a collection of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are black and red, with yellow edges and many yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has pointed yellow petals that have red lines on them
this flower has yellow petals with orange centers and a large yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are bright yellow on the outside with deep orange color in the middle.
this bright yellow flower has an outer row of star-shaped petals with dark stripes running through the middle of each petals, and densely grouped small pistils.

this bright fuchsia flower has a single spade-shaped petal and a cluster of white stamen.
these flowers have small white petals with dark pink leaves.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stigma
the petals on this flower are pink with white flowers.
this flower has smooth pink petals with white flowers in the center of it.
this flower has a trio of small blossoms with white petals set inside of very large and bright pink sepals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has yellow and orange petals with white and pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
the flower has petals that are orange and has a small green stamen.
the flower shown has small yellow petals with white pistil
this flower has small, orange-hued petals with smooth surfaces and rounded edges.
multiple flowers cluster together, their petals broad and a butter yellow in color.
this flower has yellow petals that have small and white stame
a flower with four orange petals that are short and wide.
this flower has bright orange petals that lay flat out from a yellow stamen.

the multi colored flower is red and white and its yellow stamen are deep inside the petals.
this flower has large white petals with red streaks on it, and has yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are white with red striped
the flower has petals that are white in color with orange details.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this white and red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
the five round, white petals of this flower have a red splotchy pattern at their center.
this flower has petals that are white and has red patches
this flower has a yellow ovary and receptacle and white petals with red markings on them.
this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower has purple petals and a green pedicel and is slumped over
this alien-looking flower is purple and pink throughout its sad-looking petals.
a flower facing downward on a pedicel and leave the flower is a pink color
this bell shaped purple flower has dark green leaves
a flower that droops down with round petals, and a dark purple color.
this flower has petals that open downward and are a dull red with pink speckles.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
a flower with long and rounded petals that are purple.
this particular flower has petals that are dark purple and curved

the flower is inverted and forming bell shape with petals that are separately arranged around the pedicel
this flower has petals that are drooping and light green with white spots.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the petals of the flower are yellow and green in color.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
the flower has large bell shaped petals in a green and white tint which are drooping.
this flower has downward facing blossoms that are white with green veins and markings.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
the flower has oval petals that are green and white.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
dark purple, white and green pistil surrounded by long light purple pointed petals.
this is a large flower with purple petals and purple stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has six large pale purple petals which are pointy-tipped and have ruffled edges.
a flower with six light purple leaf like petals that surrounding purple string like stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are light purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen

pedicel is greeen in color,petals are spiky and needle shaped
a flower with green pedicel, spiked green sepals blooming into tiny purple petals
what really stands out on this flower is its shape and unique petals that look like catus
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are star shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with purple stamen
this flower has a thick and spiky green bulb topped with tiny star-shaped purple blossoms.
the petals are pale purple and star shaped and are clustered in a spherical shape.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower is made up of many little lavender five petal parts that form a ball.
this flower has a globe shape with very small light blue petals at the top.

this flower has two types of petals: broad and white on the bottom, and long, purple and thin on top.
this is a strange flower with white petals and yellow stamen.
the flower's petals are pale white and rounded at the ends while the stamen are blue and the stigma are light green and white.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with elaborate stamen.
this flower is white, blue, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
the petals of this flower are purple and white and the tips are yellow
a pistil and white petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower has white evenly spaced petals, blue filaments, green stamen, and purple pistils.

this interesting flower has many purple stamen and thick, firm petals.
the flower shown has many small and lavender colored stamens.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are green with long stringy stamen
the petals on this flower are purple and are very thin and sticking up
this flower has petals that are green and has pink stamen
this flower has thin purple stigma and green wedge shaped petals.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has many thick green petals surrounding many purple stamen.
thick purple stamen with short green petals with the tips light purple

this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled and bunched together.
the flower has orange petals that are scrunched together and dense.
a flower with manyfold clusted small bell shaped orange petals
this flower has overlapping petals that are golden and create a spherical shape.
this flower has tightly bunched bright orange petals in a globe formation.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny and very ruffled orange petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has small yellow petals that are clustered really closely.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together

this flower is pale purple with a white center, and is shaped like a wide and tube like trumpet.
this flower has a tubular shaped petal that is lavender on the outside and speckled on the inside.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
there are many pink flowers with a cylindrical shape and prominent stamen.
this flower has a wide-mouthed trumpet shape and lilac colors with white accents.
this flower is purple and white in color, with spotted petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
the petals of the flower have a distinctive pattern that consists of pink, brown, and white.
the petals of the flower have a distinctive pattern that consists of pink, brown, and white.

this flower has petals that are pointed and orange with white centers.
this flower has a long orange petal with a white center
the beautiful autumn burnt orange color pales in comparison to the sun kissed gold colored petals.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has a lot of colorful, pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has large yellow petals and light green pedicel.
the petals are sharply pointed and orange, and there is one large, pointed sepal.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of tall, spiky orange petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white pedicel.

this is a large purple flower with a prominent yellow stigma.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large light purple petals with a streak of white going through their center and they also come to a point at their end.
petals are purple inc olor,the sta,mens are many and white in color
this flower has purple petals and purple and green stamen.
this flower has a star-like configuration of light purple petals with white stripes down their center and prominent central filaments.
this flower has multiple purple pedals with white center and needle like pedals in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this purple and white flower has pointed leaves and purple, white and yellow stamen.
this flower has large purple petals and a white pistil.

this flower has many long white petals coming out of the ovule, with stamen that are pink at the stem and that have white clusters at the tips.
this flower has a long light purple leaf and white anthers on a purple stamen
this flower has elaborate stamen with white anthers surrounded by white petals which are slightly pointed.
this pale pink flower has a single row of slender petals, and an inner row of stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has thin white petals with long pink stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
a broad white flower with thing white petals surrounding purple and white stamen at it's center.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
this flower has long thin white petals with slightly pointed tips and purple filaments with white anthers.

the flower has a bell shaped form with it's petals mostly pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this bell-shaped flower has beautiful pink petals that attract honey bees.
the flower shown has purple bell shaped petals with white markings
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has large bell shaped bright pink petals, with white ringed purple dots on their interiors.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals with dark spots on their insides.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
purple color flower has tubular structure with brown and white spots inside

a flower with purple and blue petals and no visible pistils.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has several large ruffled petals in shades of purple with white accents.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with purple trim
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multicolored.
exotic looking deep purple and white petal with smaller and thinner sepals and whitish towards the ovule with no visible pistil
this flower has petals that are purple and has shades of white
large, ruffled, purple and white petals and green sepals.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has many layers of pointed pale purple petals with veined white accents.
this grey and flower features prominent stamen and petals with jagged edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and layered
the flower has green and purple petals that are heart shaped.
the muted green stamen of this flower are surrounded by petals which ascend from white to light violet.
this flower has blue petals as well as a blue pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has patches of white
the petals on this flower are mostly indigo blue in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
this flower is made up with purple and white pointy leaves that surround a darker stamen.

this white flower has connected circular petals with yellow stamen
longer stamens with larger white anthers on a white flower
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this is a round shaped flower with white petals on it.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
the petals of this flower are big and white and the pistil is a peach color
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
a flower with a large petal surround the pistils that are white.
this flower has a single broad and flat white petal with a few spikes on the edge.
this flower has petals that are white and has white stamen

this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
the petals if the flower are purple in color and have a wrinkled appearance.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of this flower are lavender with a short stigma
this flower has lavender petals with a white center and dark purple pistil.
thin ruffled purple petals sit on top of a green pedicel.
a flower with long narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has light purple petals with rounded edges and a wrinkled texture.
this flower has petals that are purple and has long stamen
a ruffled array of purple rounded petals in a single layer star pattern with no visible stamen or pistil.

this flower has large green and red sepals surrounding several long, pointed yellow petals which angle upwards.
this flower is yellow, pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very tiny
this flower has long orange petals and no visible stamen on it
the tropical flower has blooms that are yellow in color with pointed petals.
these yellow pointy petals are mounted have long purple pistil mounted in the middle.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a pointed pollen tube surrounded by stamen.
this oddly-shaped flower has petals which are bright yellow, light purple, and bright pink.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower is yellow, purple, and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.

the petals of the flower are bright red while the anthers are yellow.
the deep reddish colored petals of this flower surround a pistil which is buried deep in the base.
this lush, red-petaled flower features yellow pistil and stamen.
the petals are a reddish hue and very long and cylindrical.
trumpet shaped fused red petals have a yellow core from which white anthers emerge.
this red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are red.
a group of red funnel shaped flowers with some yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have very small veins.

this flower has long, pale purple, oval pedals that radiate out from a purple, yellow, and white pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with pink outer oval petals and yellow, more rounded inner petals as well as a prominent stamen.
this pretty flower has long pink petals that look star shaped.
this flower has a large pink petal with a dark yellow stigma
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and yellow and has black stamen
this flower has petals that are pink, yellow, and white in color.
this yellow and pink flower has rounded and pointed petals and white and brown stamen.
this flower has long pink petals and inner, rounded yellow petals.

what a beautiful flower. i love the light pink and orange small pedals that surround the stigma which is yellow.
this flower has several overlapping layers of peach colored petals with tapered tips and yellow centers.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light pink petals that are pointed a few yellow stamen in the center
the leaves are green in color,the petals are light pink in color
this flower has pink and yellow petals that are layered
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
the flower has several oval shaped petals that are a light pink and yellow color.
this flower has a number of different layers of pink colored petals that are small and oblong in shape.
this flower has many light orange petals that are yellow in the center.

this flower has 4 petals of a similar rounded shape with a larger white and yellow petal at the bottom.
this white, purple and yellow flower has one large fan shaped petal and four smaller round petals.
this flower has several large, rounded white petals with a bright yellow center.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has white petals with a spot of yellow near the middle.
this flower has sharply pointed green sepals underneath smooth petals that are mostly white with a little bit of purple and a yellow ovary.
a large white flower with a yellow spot and a purple markings.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow patch
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has splayed white and purple petals with yellow hue near the pollen tube.

the flower shown has long white filament with orange petals which have purple spots
this flower has the pink petals with brown dots and holding the long filaments with the large black anther at the tip
this flower has long darken surrounded by six long pointed petals in orange with dark red spots and accents.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink with red spots
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
this flower has orange petals with purple spots all over them, cream colored stamen and purple anther filaments.
the flower has light orange petals with purple spots, it has large pink filaments with magenta colored anthers.
a single flower that is light orange with reddish freckles with six petals curled backward, six filaments and anthers with one pollen tube and stigma.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.

the flower shown has a butterfly shaped pink petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are striped.
a flower with a large folded over oval petal and three other striped purple, yellow, and red petals above that one.
this fragile flower has three darkly veined sepals and one pale pink petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
this flower has pink petals, some of which have darker pink stripes and some yellow markings.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
this flower has light purple petals with slightly pointed tips and dark purple stripes.
this flower has one large light violet petal on the bottom and three smaller petals above it that are striped with dark violet.
this flower has wide and very smooth pink petals with purple accents.

the flower has a drooping yellow petal with green sepal
this drooping flower has green stamen surrounding several layers of papery, veined yellow petals.
this flower has large yellow petals and a green pedicel attached to it
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are curved downward.
the flower has petals that are drooping and pale yellow with green pedicel.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has drooping pale yellow petals with thin skin and veins.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wilting.
this flower has a green sepal and light yellow petals with brighter yellow stamens.
this flower has large yellow petals, a skinny pedicel, and a fairly large sepal.

this flower has medium peach petals with splash of yellow and red toward the center with light yellow and red tipped stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower has petals which go from pink, to white, to dark red the closer they get to the ovule, with dark brown anthers and light brown filament.
this orange and yellow flower has layered petals and green sepal.
this flower has wide smooth petals which are orange with pale yellow centers.
the flower petals are bright orange and form a triangular pattern
this flower has several rows of coral colored petals, with a layer of white and bright red near the bottom of each.
this flower has orange petals that has red and white patches in the middle
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
the flower shown has purple and white petals, and white anthers.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the sepals are green while the petal is purple in color.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and ruffled.
a four petaled purple flower with long and thing purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark imprint lines
this flower has five wide, large pale purple petals with a soft ruffled texture.
this flower has a light blue coloring and a slightly wrinkled texture along with a white stamen.

this flower has long white petals, long white stamen, and large green stigma in the middle
the flower is so big with disc of petals below the disc of stamens that are curly at their tips
this flower has petals that are white with a dark purple center, wavy white filaments and green anthers.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with patches of purple with white stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center and stringy stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has wide rounded pale petals around a layer of fringe in purple and white.
this flower is white, purple and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are purple near the green stamens but turn white towards the tips of the petals.

the flower shown has yellow lipped petals and blade leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and drooping.
this flower has thin drooping yellow petals as its main feature.
the flower has petals that are yellow with green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and starting to wilt
this flower has bright yellow asymmetrical petals extending outward from the pedicle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines
this flower has a green pedicel and long yellow petals that have uneven edges.
the flower has several yellow petals that overlap each other.
a prominent stigma surrounded by yellow petals sitting on top the sepal.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the center of the flower appear black and the stamen can be seen.
this flowers petals are wide and red with point tips, and they encircle a grouping of yellow stamens.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the petals of this flower are bright red and the pedicel is green
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has different sized red petals with yellow stamens in the middle.
this flower has small yellow stamen surrounded by irregular layers of bright red petals in varying sizes with pointed ends.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ery think with yellow stamen
this bloom features a ring of light brown pistils in the center surrounded by layered rays of beige oblong petals.
this pale yellow flower has many long slender petals and many tan stamens.
this flower has petals that are pale yellow with tan colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has many layers of white petals with even more yellow anther on the inside.
this flower has thin, pointed light yellow petals and a lot of stamen
a large cream flower with long pedals with a tan center.
this flower has a wide center and layers of long, pale yellow petals.

this flower has two layers of three petals each, which are white with pointed pink tips.
this is a strange flower with red, orange, and green petals and yellow stigma.
the flower has pink petals with anthers being seen on a tall filament.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges
the pointed petals are white with red stripes and the stamen are white with brown anther.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
the petals of the flower have various shades of white, green, and pink throughout.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
this flower has white petals with pink edges attached to a thick green pedicel.

this bright red flower has a yellow and brown sunflower-like middle.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has several overlapping layers of bright red petals with rounded edges.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has red layers of petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has layers of bright red oblong shaped petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
a small yellow flower with skinny pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has long skinny yellow petals and a lot of yellow stigma in the center
this light, airy yellow flower has at least two layers of petals, each notched on the end, with a tight middle that contains the stamen and pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
this flower has a lot of bright yellow petals, no visible stigma and many stamen as well.
a red flower with yellow disc floret bud and the leaves are green
this flower has countless thin bright yellow petals and a denser core.
this flower is yellow in color, with very skinny and bunched petals.
this flower has yellow petals that are thin and very stringy

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has large yellow petals with white stamen on the inside of it
this flower has petals that are pale yellow with many yellow stamen.
this bright canary yellow flower has giant pedals and prominent stamen.
the flower has petals that are thick, soft and separated and arranged around the stamen forming a bowl shape
this flower has pale yellow, oval shaped petals which overlap one another around a prominent yellow pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big stigma
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and wide, rounded pale yellow petals.
the pale yellow petals are slightly wrinkled and the golden anther is clustered on a green filament.
the petals on this flower are mostly soft yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color light yellow

this small curved yellow flower has bright yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are in the shape of a cup.
this golden yellow flower has only five large petals and is the same color all throughout.
the flower has a yellow petal with a long green pedicel
a small yellow flower with yellow pistils and anther filaments.
this flower is yellow in color, with thin and rounded petals.
this flower has small yellow petals that make a bowl and has light green stamen
this flower has 5 small yellow petals that form a small cup shape.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has and outer and inner row of bright yellow petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.,
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a middle that is bright pink in color.
the flower has pink petals that are sharp and very light in color.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of purple
this flower has petals that are pink with dark pink centers.
this is a pink flower with five petals that gets darker pink toward the receptacle.
the petals are fluffy and pink, with any style hidden deep inside the petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffle and darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red center
a flower with five pink petals and a bright pink stamen.

this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
the flower pistil is longer in length with a white colored stigma
this flower has four large, rounded petals with veins and slightly ruffled edges.
this flower features four lavender heart-shaped petals that are yellow at the center and frame a group of tall pale yellow filaments, each topped with a pale yellow anther.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that has small veins.
this flower has white petals, yellow center, long stemmed pistil.
this pale purple and yellow flower has rounded petals and white and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has tall skinny white pistil and stamen, a yellow ovary, and white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
flower ptals are rounded in shape,they are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this pale yellow flower has petals and filaments of the same color.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded .
this flower has broad yellow petals with a yellow anther filament and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has flowery stigma
this pale yellow flower has five petals with a deeper yellow stamen.
a yellow flower with five light yellow petals surrounding long stamen with yellow anthers filament.

the flower has bright red petals with yellow anther in the center
this flower has large red petals with many yellow anthers.
this flower is read and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
flower has petals that are red with a yellow stamen.
this is a large red flower, with wide, long petals and a spiky yellow center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are bright red colored.
the big flower is so vivid with red petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around brown stamens in disc like manner
this flower has a yellow center and long red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has red petals and yellow stamen in the center.

this five broad petal, light purple, flower has a green stigma and brown filiments, the center of the flower is deep purple.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and purple.
this flower has several large, wide violet petals which curl slightly back at the tips.
the flower shown has a large smooth purple petal with green anther
this is a purple flower with large petals and a green pollen tube.
this flower has big, purple petals in an s shape, coming together around a pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a green stamen
this flower has large purple petals and a green stigma.
this flower has large wide purple petals which are rounded at the edges.

this flower has a few really long and skinny white petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has long oval petals that are lavender colored with a long thin pedicel.
the petals of the flower are white in color with a bottom petal that is dark purple.
three narrow round tipped light purple petals alternating with wider ruffled edged lilac petals and a white and dark purple petal opening to reveal a white center.
this flower has white petals with a purple center that covers the pistil.
this flower has large and very smooth petals in pale lilac and white, with a deep purple mouth.
the thin white petals have tonts of lavender along the edges with one petal of deep lavender in the middle.
the flower has a five sided star arrangement of lavendar petals and a central purple petal with a yellow center.
five of the pedals are long and white with a single oval shaped purple flower in the center.

the flower shown has pointy petals which are its main feature
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has petals that are purple and look sharp
this unique purple flower has a stigma that looks very much like a pinecone.
this flower has spiky blue petals and a stigma that is long and green
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin and spiky
this flower is green and white in color, with sharp and pointed petals.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has jagged purple leaves coming from a thick spiked base.
this many petaled flower has a large spiked style and the purplish long and wispy petals are also spiked.

the flower has numerous blue petals in the shape of grapes on a green pedicel
these olive-shaped purple flowers, which often have protruding white anthers, hang upside down in clusters.
this flower features a set of bulbous, blue petals with white on the tips.
the petals are a rich bluish hue with white at the tips.
the petals on this flower is blue in color.
this flower has purple petals that are bunched together and has white shading in the center
this flower has a vertical layer of tiny blue bell shaped blossoms.
this flower is blue in color, with bulb shaped petals.
this flower has many round shaped dark blue petals on it.
this flower has distinct closed blue petals with white tips.

a flower with broad yellow petals and orange stamen cluster
this flower has layers of overlapping pale yellow petals and long skinny stamen with dark yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower has many thin yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of yellow petals with rounded edges.
the petals on the flower are yellow while it has many stamen.
this flower has large yellow petals and a dense amount of yellow stamens.
this pale yellow flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a dull yellow flower with a tan stigma in center.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
the flower has petals that are pink, soft, smooth, separate and arranged around the stamen
here is a flower that is white with pink edges, it has six petals that are arranged in a unique pattern and stamen protruding from the center.
the color of the petals are a nice combination of light pink and white while the anthers are a unique pink as well
the flower shown has a blue pistil with pink and white petals
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has overlapping white petals whose ruffled edges are pale pink.
a large flower with a white and purple and long stigma.
this flower has white filaments with purple anthers and white petals with pink ridges.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
grey sepal with spots of brown supporting numerous thin and narrow pale yellow petals.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by a hairlike fringe of very thin yellow petals.
this flower has multiple yellow stamen with a large amount of long and thin pale yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are extremely thin, and are a light green color.
this flower has a round yellow center surrounded by a fringe of yellow petals.
these yellow flowers have a shredded circle pattern with orange stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy

the flowers have pink petals that are outlined in white.
this flower has four broad dented pink petals that have white borders, and has a white style and white stamen filaments with brown anthers.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and multicolored.
the edges of the flower petals are white and the inside are pink.
the flower has petals that are pink wiht white edges, white filaments and pink anthers.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this is a white flower that turns pink toward the receptacle with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
a large flower with purple and white coloration with clear long stigmas with blue tips.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
the flower has pink petals with a yellow stigma and yelllow stamen.
large pink petals surround yellow stamen, with yellow petals close to the center.
this flower has pink petals, faded in the center, that curve upwards, topped with a flat stigma dotted with holes.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with white anthers.
broad flat flower with wide pink and yellow petal an a flat yellow center
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big yellow style
this flower has large pale pink petals that are darker at their ends and pointed, with a large flat circular ovule.

the petals are pure white with slight tints of yellow at the edges.
pedicel is green inc olor,prominent yellow pistil and white petals
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this bowl-shaped white flower has one big pistil and a few stamens.
numerous slender petals reach upward - white oval petals tipped with deep pink around a bright yellow, trumpet-shaped pistil.
this flower has long white petals and large yellow pistil with brown spots at the end.
this white flower has a yellow pistil and the edges of the petals are purple
the flower has white petals with a yellow spotted pistol in the shape of a mike.
this flower has thick white petals and a large yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style

the flower has large light pink petals that are thin and sharp.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with purple tips
the flower shown has small white petals with a thin green pedicel
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and have small buds in the center.
this flower has white oval petals with sharp purple tips.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has a flowery stigma
a flwoer with long and narrow petals that are pointed.
this flower has a layer of flat white petals with purple pointed tips and lots of spiky stamen.

this flower has five large, rounded yellow petals with hints of white at their tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are large and curved.
light yellow petals fading to white at the edges, only five in number pinwheeled around a hidden reproductive center.
the yellow and white petals of these flowers look like edible icing on a birthday cake.
the petals on this flower are pale yellow with whitish tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light yellow and white petals with curled edges that spiral out from its center.
this flower has yellow and white petals with green leaves.
the flower has five white and yellow petals all twisted together.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner around stamens
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has petals that are thin and yellow with yellow stigma.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and thin
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and long.
a large yellow flower with thin pedals and a golden center.
this flower has shredded yellow petals with yellow stamen in the middle of it.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
a flower with broad folded pink petals and large pink anther and filaments
this flower has bright pink petals and a green receptacle.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has pink petals with strands of pink stamen in the center of it.
this pink petaled flower has many petals with several sepals near the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long oddly shaped pink petals sitting on a green pedicel.
this flower has pink petals that are thin and spiky in appearance.

the flower has rich pink petals with tiny white tipped stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are very small.
outer petals are pink in color,inner petals are white in color
the purple petals of the flower had four white buds surrounding it.
this flower has very tiny white petals in a ray-like shape surrounded by extremely large pink sepals.
these flowers have pink pointed petals and a prominent stamen and pistil.
this flower has light green leaves, white stamen, pink anther filaments and pink and white broad petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.

the center of the flower are made of thin filaments that purple in color.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has many petals that are thin and lavender.
there are alot of stamen with dark sepal.
this flower is purple and brown in color, with petals that are wrapped upward.
this flower has dark purple petals and a large lavender colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this flower has many narrow thin purple petals, and large succulent leaves.
this flower has a dense amount of purple petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has purple stamen and is surrounded by thick textured purple and brown petals.

this flower has large purple petals and big yellow stigmas
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has a large orange pollen tube surrounded by several large, wide purple petals with rounded edges.
the flower has a purple colored petals very circular and round in shape and form.
the flower has a purple petal with yellow and orange stamen
a purple flower with a golden tall stigma in center.
this purple flower has rounded petals and orange stamen and anthers.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright yellow stamen and pistils and rounded purple petals.

the trumpet-shaped petals of this flower are pinkish-white and spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this trumpet shaped flower has the pink petals dotted inside and stand on a green pedicel
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals on this flower are pink with white and purple dots.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this pink and purple flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has a number of bell-like blossoms on one stem and they are pink in color.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
four wide white petals are arranged around a delicate cluster of yellow stamen, against a backdrop of narrow dark green foliage.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center
the flower shown has smooth round white petals which is its dominant feature
a white flower with large individual pedals and a long golden stigma.
this flower has large white petals that are fan shaped and a clump of yellow stamen.
paper thin, crinkled petals surround pale yellow stamen.
this flower has large off white, fan-like petals, with thin, bright yellow stamen in their center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with edges of orange
flower has petal that are overlapping, yellow, orange and red iwth white stigma.
this flower has broad yellow petals that are orange colored on the outer edges, and has pale yellow colored stigma and anthers.
these orange tipped yellow petals surround a pistil of white anthers and filaments on this flower.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are darker near the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
a yellow and red flower with one layer of petals surrounding white anther filament.
the petals are overlapping and are mostly yellow with red-orange edges.
this flower has rounded ruffled yellow petals with red veins and edges.

the flower has a weird looking set of petals that seems like spokes in a bicycle tire.
the petals are broad but thin, and they are purple and white colored.
this flower has petals that are white with stringy purple stamen
cupped long oval purplish-white petals with a bold disk of stamen and a crop of pistils growing at a normal plane to the petals.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower also has ten evenly spaced petals protruding from its center.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
a large green pollen tube lies in the center of this flower with string like purple petals.
this flower has tall green stamen and pistils in the middle of a layer of flat blue filaments on top of white oblong petals.

this flower has large white petals with no visible outer stamen
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
the flowers have five petals each that are oval and white.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five large, smooth white petals with slightly pointed tips and yellow centers.
this flower has smooth oblong petals with slightly curled edges that are white with yellow coloring.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the white and yellow petals form a star shape and the pedicel is light brown.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thick white and yellow petals with a light green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has several layers of white and pink petals, and a yellow center.
the outer petals are white surrounding many pink petals that get darker in the center with many yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers and yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has soft pink toned petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is made up of elongated petals that start out white and reach a very bright pink closer to the pistil.
the beautiful big flower has pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around yellow stamen forming bowl like shape in concentric layers
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower is red in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower is has a tubular shaped petal that flares at the top in bright orange pink.
the petals on this flower are orange with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and bell shaped
flower is capsule in sahp eflower,it is red in color
this brilliant red tube like flower has short, wide petals and is textures throughout.
this flower has red petals that are attached until near the top.
this flower has petals that are red and in a bell shape
an elongated flower with a trumpet tip with bright red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has a single petal that is horn shaped.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ink with veins.
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
this flower has a large pink petal and a large yellow stigma
this flower has five large, rounded petals of pale pink, which are striated with leaf like veins.
this flower has light pink leaves which have a rough texture and noticeable veining.
yellow stigma connected to a green style with pink petals that have darker pink veins throughout the petal
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape with veins.
the petals are round and white with red veins and the stigma is large and yellow
these flowers have round pink petals covered with pink veins that surround a ball of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big stigma

this flower has small purple bell shaped petals as its main feature
this tube like flower is trumpet shaped with conjoined purple petals whose inner portions have white markings.
this flower has purple petals that are round and point straight up.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the pale purple outer petals surround a white and mauve spotted interior.
these flowers are purple on the outside and have fluted petals with white and red polka dots on the inside.
a pink flower with purple dots inside the petals and the leaves are green and small

the petals of this flower are purple with short little stamen
this flower has large purple petals and a yellow stigma in the center
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
a light purple flower with broad petals that have three little points on them at the edges and a small central cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are rounded around the edges.
this flower has five purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has purple petals with small yellow stamen on them
a flower with a long and wide petal that is light purple.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has light pink petals that overlap as they spiral out from the center.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow patches
this flower comes in clusters around one point and has a mixture of bright orange and red-orange petals with stubby pale yellow stamen in the center.
the petals are bright yellow and orange, while the stigma is a purple color.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has purple pistil with orange and red petals as its main features
this flower has red and orange petals and white stamen
exotic orange broad petals with yellow tint on the tips, clustered in large groups.
this flower is on a stall and had many little bright orange buds.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has rounded petals in varying shade of orange with very small white stamen.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with long stigma
the flower stamen are larger and green in color with larger sized anthers
this flower has large green stamen with oversized anthers and pollen tube, and fringed purple hairlike petals, surrounded by longer white and purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals and stamen, green anther filaments and a green ovule.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower is white, purple, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are long and white with purple at the center and a fringe of white with large pistil.
this flower has white petals as well as a green stamen.

the petals of this flower are petals with short little stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are uneven at the ends.
this flower has wide yellow center center surrounded by long white petals with slight vertical striations.
oblong petals surrounding a flat bright yellow pistil with tiny black spots.
this white flower has toothed petals and yellow compound pistil and stamen.
a white flower with long petals and a yellow center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has pure white petals, a yellow-orange ovule and brown anther filaments with grass like leaves surrounding it.
this flower has a single row of oblong white petals with a slightly ribbed texture in a ring formation.

the petals of the plant are white in color with pink speckles and have green buds.
the stigma in this flower is long and thick and protrudes at the top. the petals are white with brown anthers.
flower with white petals freckled with red with a long white pistil
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has white petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower is white, red, and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has long white petals with maroon spots and a white stamen.
this is a white flower with dark purple spots near the receptacle.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant white color, with several petals that have a distinctive color pattern.
green stem with white stamen and petals that have red and yellow stops on a couple petals

the flower is orange with petals that are soft and separately arranged around stamens
there are five orange petals with reddish veins on the flower and the stamen and stigma are light green.
the petals on this flower are orange and the pistil is round and has filaments sticking out
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffle.d
this flower has five round and large orange petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the petals are rounded on the ends and bright orange in color, which stands out against the smooth dark green leaves.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink with long stringy stamen
this light pink sparsely petalled flower has long pink filaments and anthers hanging.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and have long white filaments.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are mostly white with long stringy stamen.
the petals of this flower are white and pink and have golden tips
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower has long white stamen and a white pistil and sparse white petals.

this flower has long white petals and a center without a stigma on it
the flower has many white petals and one purple petal under yellow fuzzy filaments.
this flower has a purple mouth and large thin white petals with slightly ruffled edges.
the flower has different shapes of petals, the petal on top is large and purple.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has a patch of purple
this flower has long white petals with one petal that is purple.
this flower has thin and rounded white petals which are long, smooth, and surround a purple center.
this flower has multiple curled white petals and one purple petal with a yellow stripes spot in the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with wavy and curled petals.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are more pink on the edges.
a delicate looking flower with beautiful pink petals and yellow center and large green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and have many layers
light pink layered petals on a straight dark green stem.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with a yellow center.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower has a yellow thick stamen and layers of white and pale pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are darker pink at the tips.
this flower has white petals that have a pink tint and a green pedicel

this flower has white pistil and purple petals as its main features
this flower has pale purple and white petals with green pedicels
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are light purple and the pedicel is dark green
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
the petals are purple, with a white stigma, and the leaves are green.
this flower has purple petals and a white pistil in the center.
this particular flower has petals that are green and purple

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
the petals are pale yellow in color and the stamen are short and yellow.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several upturned layers of pointed white petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled upward.
this flower has yellow pedals and yellow stamen.
this white flower has yellow stamen, pointed petals, and green sepals.
this flower has layer soft upturned white petals with tapered tips.

this flower has long and skinny yellow petals and yellow anthers in the middle
leaves are green in color,petals are oval in shape and are yellow in color
the flower has dense yellow petals that are thin and long.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is golden yellow with a yellow pistil and green pedicel
there is a star shaped array of long, thin, bright yellow petals surrounding bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has many long, yellow petals that overlap and alternate, with a large yellow pistil.
this is a yellow flower with yellow stamens and a flat pistil.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the petals on the flower make it look star shaped and are purple with a filament sticking out
the star shaped blue flower has petals that are soft and has stamens sticking out from the centre
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are purple with a white style
this flower has a distinct star shape and is purple with darker purple veins.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
the purple petals of this flower make a star shape that surrounds a single style and several small stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
the petals are purple with dark purple veins and the stamen is long and yellow.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
a flower with large pink pedals with orange and black highlights and brown stamen.
the flower is a deep pink color on the petals and yellow inside the stamen
this flower has several protruding stamen surrounded by several wide pink petals.
this flower is very exotic looking with awesome red and yellow petals.
this flower has wide peach colored petals with smooth texture and pale yellow accents.
this flower has smooth petals that are mostly bright pink with two darker petals that have lines on them.
this flower has petals that are red and has dark lines
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded.
this flower has pink colored petals with red markings and yellow anther as well.

the flower shown has petals peach colored petals with deep purple in the center
this flower is orange white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the ovule.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a patch of red in the middle
this flower has large petals that are magenta towards the center with a layer of white and then yellow closest to the tips.
this flower has petals that are tan with a white and burgundy cetner and tan stigma.
this flower has cream colored petals which are white and red near the middle of the flower.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are pink near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a red center
this flower has off white colored petals changing to white and then to a deep red, closer to the base.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the flower shown has three rows of orange petals, and a yellow center.
this flower has a group of gold petals and a center full of gold anthers
this flower is bright yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
the petals are yellow in color and smaler in size and arranged in an alternating manner
the flower has lots of yellow petals surrounding the yellow anther and filament
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
this flower has layers of rounded, smooth, golden-yellow petals that get longer with each layer.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
an orange flower with many layers of petals that circle around a yellow ovule.
multiple rows of orange petals with brighter yellow highlights closure to the orange stamen.

the small light pink and yellow petals have light pink stamen in the middle.
this flower has many slender, oval petals, fading from coral on the tips to yellow at the heart.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and peach colored.
this flower has a lot of long and pink petals with a dark pink stamen and anther
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a dull pink flower and has some yellow pedals on the tip.
this flower has clustered peach petals embedded on a green leafy pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
some pink petals and a sepal appear in this flower photograph.
this flower has salmon nd yellow colored petals, a salmon pollen tube and green leaves.

this flower has petals that are blue with flowery stigma
the vibrant blue pedals of the flower are big with green on them.
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovary.
a blue bell shaped flower with green sepal and a white tipped pollen tube.
the bell shaped blue flower has petals that are soft, smooth and is forming star shaped appearance in the upper region
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stripes
this flower has bright blue trumpet style petals with a yellow pistil.
this flower is characterized by its deep blue petals and tiny pistil at the center of the flower.
a flower with long petals that curl outward and are blue.

pedicel are maroon in color,peals are red in color and are overlaping
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this orange flower has overlapping petals and toothpick-shape yellow leaflets accompanied by a bunch of stamens.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright red colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a dark red flower with a gold and brown center to it.
this flower has layers of bright red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has multiple layers of red, smooth petals with thin, yellow stamen in the center.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together and in numbers.
small, thin violet petals protrude from the pedicel and appear similar slightly tubular in shape.
this is a flower with light purple petals.
this purple flower, has large petals on the outside, with delicate smaller lighter purple petals on the inside
a purple bushy flower with small petals in the center and bigger ones on the outside edges.
the flower has many lavender colored petals with similar colored stamen.
this flower has a rounded mound of pale purple petals with small ruffles.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are purple.

this flower 3 main petals in the shape of triangles that rotate around three tiny flowers like a pinwheel.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has white anther and smooth white petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
the flowers has a set of white petals with the tip of its stamen white as well.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has large whit petals with a green pistil and white stigma.
this flower has white petals that have a pale green vein running through the center, and three white-anthered stamen.
this flower has large white petals with prominent veins and white stamen.
the petals of the flower are in the shape of a triangle, and has shades of white and green throughout.

this unique yellow flower has long finger like petals surrounding the large inner stamen area.
this flower has very large stamen with numerous amounts of long and thin yellow petals.
this flower has long thin yellow petals and a center full of yellow thick anthers
its completely yellow with a thicker stem.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are yellow and skinny.
this flower is yellow in color, with very skinny petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow and stringy petals around bulb like stamen
this flower has small, narrow yellow petals and a ball-shaped stamen in the middle.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the flower is made of petals that are yellow in color with anthers and filaments that are yellow.
the flowers has big yellow colored petals and a lot of slender stamens in the middle.
this flower is all yellow and looks very flat.
the petals on this flower are yellow surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals with light orange and stringy stamenb
this flower has 4 bright yellow broad petals which get darker orange toward the base.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are uneven along the edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

thisf lower features long yellow red tipped stamens surrounded by delicate yellow flowers.
large trumpet-like yellow flower with 2 - 3 hair like stamen.
the flower has yellow petals with red stricks and yellow steman.
the flower is yellow with petals that are starting as tube from the sepals and gradually flaring out as separate petals that are enclosing the stamens
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are darker near the ovule.
this is a flat looking yellow flower with large petals and burgundy streaks in throat of flower and a yellow stamen.
this bright yellow and red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red lines
this flower has wide yellow petals whose edges are rounded and ruffled.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and round

this flower has large white petals and a cluster of yellow stamen with brown tips.
there are eight white petals. the center consists of a yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this white flower has a simple row of smooth, large petals with it's stamen in it's center with a single brown color outer row and prominent condensed yellow stamen on the inner row.
this is a flower with a yellow stigma and white petals.
the beautiful big white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner around yellow stamen
the petals on this plant are a bright white and what seems to be the anthem are a bright yellow contrasting against the white.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pure white and fan shaped, and the center has several yellow anthers.
the yellow round center of the flower in a stark contrast to the stark white petals surrounding it.

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is white with light green in the edges and enclosing yellow stamens
a white and yellow flower with layered pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
this flower has yellow clusters of pointed petals with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has many rows of elongated white petals that are all tipped in yellow.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are thin and overlapping and colored white and the pistil is a bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are purple with green steman
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has purple petals and a lot of purple stamen coming out
this pale purple flower has string like petals that are above light purple rounded petals below.
the flower shown has green pollen tubes with stringy petals and a purple center
this flower has tall yellow stamen and green pistils, curvy white filaments, and white petals.
the pale purple flowers are long and thin, with darker purple encircling the base of each petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
the flower has a lavendar petals with thin purple stamens around the green pollen tube
this flower has skinny, curly-looking light purple petals and large anther.

this flower grows at the end of a stem and has similarly-colored stamen and petals.
this flower has four upturned petals which are fab shaped and bright yellow in color.
the petals are yellow and squareish, centered around some long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
pedicel is green in color,petals are rounded in shape and are yellow in color
this flower has several wide, very smooth yellow petals which angle upwards.
this is a vibrant yellow flower with large petals and an identically colored center
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and ruffled.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has rounded pink petals with green stigma and surrounded by pink stamen
this small pink flower has curved pointed petals and yellow center.
a pink petal with patches of white surround pink anther and filament
the pink flower is bowl shaped and has petals surround a bunch of stamen, and the petals are mostly pink with its region near the sepals in white
the petals of the flower are pink while there are multiple anthers that are yellow in color.
this particular flower has petals that are dark pink and light pink in the center
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately in bowl like manner with a ring of white stamens in the centre
this flower has a green stamen and wide rounded white petals with pink edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled upward around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green style

a purple flower with rough petals and green stamen surrounding a dark purple stigma.
the flower has five bright purple petals and bright green stamens.
there are six petals on this flower. there stigma have a neon green appearance.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
flower with textured pink and purple petals and a green stamen.
this flower has large bright purple petals with ruffled edges and a green center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
the petals of this flower are dark pink and white and the pedicel is green
this 5 petaled flower has purple petals and long, green stamen.
this flower has bright green filaments and five bright purple petals.

this flower has petals that are red with pink trim
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the blossoms of this flower range from small to large with jagged edged petals of pink to a center of a dark red.
the flower shown has red petals with white on the outside as its main feature.
this flower is red and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals start off as a light pink then about halfway in it goes straight to dark pink.
this flower has pink, red and white tipped petals, a red ovule, and a pink pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are red and has pink edges
there is a single layer of jagged edged red, pink, and white petals in a star configuration surrounding pink and white stamen.
this flower has pink petals with dark pink insides and long, pink stamen.

the flower has petals that are overlapping and pink with a large, flat green center.
the composite flower of aster family has pinkish orange outer florets, and yellow and green florets in the center.
this flower has layered small and several pink petals with a round disc housing the stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small pink petals and green and white pistil as its main features
this flower has pink petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has many small thin oval shaped petals around a green circular center.
this flower has tiny pink petals and a round pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower has many thin oval shaped petals that are pink colored.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the star shaped white flower has petal that is fused and also it is enclosing stamens in the centre
a soft white petaled flower with a yellow center and a short stem.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has petals that are white with green pedicel.
this flower has smooth white petals with green pistil in the center and a green pedicel.
this flower has a wide ruffled trumpet shape with pale green veins.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has a large white petal with uneven edges that has a general funnel-shape.

the flower shown has red petals with small yellow pistil
this flower has bright red petals and forms a trumpet like appearance.
this flowers have vibrant red petals around short yellow stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has small red petals and a white center.
this flower has a funnel shape with bright red smooth petals.
five triangle shaped red pedals with bright yellow stamen and green stigma.
the bright red petals form a narrow vase shape around small, yellow stamen.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this trumpet like flower has five conjoined white petals which form a slight star shape.
this flower is shaped like a pentagon and has white connected petals with a center of yellow coloring.
this flower's single white petal is in the shape of a pentagon.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has a funnel-like shaped petal that is white.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this pentagon shaped white flower has a yellow center with small pointed stamens that are also white in color.
this white flower has triangular petals, white stamen and green sepals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are only yellow near the base of the ovary.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges
larger hanging pistil ,rounded petals pink white in color
the petals on this flower are white with pink fringes.
white, pink, purple and light green pistil surrounded by white petals with pink edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has wide white petals with yellow accents and pink ruffled edges.
this flower has large white and pink petals with long white stamens.
this flower has pink and white petals that surround light pink stamen with white anther filament.
the petals of this flower are white and the tips are pink

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are rounded and multi colored.
what is cool about this flower is its tangerine like leafy petals.
the flower shown has orange and yellow petals, and green stamen.
the petals on this flower are orange with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow patches
these small flowers have varies orange colored petals with yellow anthers in the centers.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
a small yellow flower with the stigma and green pedicel and the leaves are green and thin
the petals of this flower are delicate and have a yellow and orange color.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and multicolored.

the petals of the flower are orange in color and have a center that is yellow in color.
the flower has red petals that are quite dense in the plant.
this flower has overlapping red petals and many yellow stamen.
the flower has alot of red - orangish petals with yellow in the middle
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with dark red petals and yellow stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has multiple rows of long bright red petals surrounding bright yellow stamen.

this flower has long red petals and long orange stigma in the center of it
the petals on this flower are orange with red dots.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are spotted
the flower's petals are orange, yellow, and largely spaced, with bright orange anther at the center and orange filament.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
this colorful flower has 6 yellow, narrow petals that are covered in red-pink dots and a thin, yellow pistol with a large stigma.
this flower has dotted yellow and red petals, light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has small yellow petals that contain small red dots leading to the center.

a flower with large multi colored petals consisting of purple, yellow and white with long purple and green stamen.
the flower has oval shap petals that are outlined white with pink and spots on the inner part.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with white edges
the petals on this flower are white with purple yellow and brown spots.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white and purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
this flower has white petals with purple stripes and long pink stamen.
this flower has large curved white petals with accents of pale pink and yellow.
this flower has petals that are different colored with two having yellow, white, and pink, while the rest are white and pink striped.

the flower has bell shaped purple petals with dark spots on them
this flower has a long and purple colored petal with dark pink dots on the inside
this flower cluster contains a spike of tubular flowers that hang downward, it has purple or lilac flowers with paler spotted throats.
these bell shaped flowers have black spots with white sides and fluttery edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this pink, white, and black flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
the petals of this flower are pink and white and the pedicel is green
the petals of this flower are purple with spots on the inside and the sepal is green at the bottom.

an flower has orange folded petals, and with an orange stigma and orange stamen
this flower features large orange peals surrounding a clump of black and yellow stamens.
this flower has bright orange petals with a orange colored style.
the flower shown has orange petals along with orange anther and filament
bright orange petals in a mushroom shape with fine orange stamen and green sepals.
an orange flower with large orange petals with dark colored stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
five bright orange slightly crinkled and pumpkin-shaped petals, with little visible information on the stamen.
this flower has large petals that are dark orange veined with burnt orange.

the petls rae lternately shap[ed ,lower petals are green in color and the upper petals are pink in color
this flower has overlapping violet petals that are pointy at the end and similar overlapping sepals
this flower has a lot of purple petals stacked onto one another
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flowers of the plant are made of pink blooms with a geometric design.
this flower has layers of light yellow sepals holding larger layers of bright pink petals.
this flower has very pointed purple petals that match it's leaves.
this flower has petals that open upward of a deep magenta color.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower has large pink petals with a light green pedicel.

the flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges.
a flower with three individual bright yellow and orange petals with a central stamen cluster.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this yellow and orange flower has many beautiful pedals.
the yellow petals with orange markings have yellow stamen in the center
small flower with broad, clover shaped petals that are yellow and orange in color and are closely grouped together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has bright yellow petals with orange accents near the pollen tube.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are heart shaped.
the yellow petals have a clover shape and are orange near the small yellow stamen.

delicate pink petals formed in a circular pattern growing smaller as they surround the middle.
the flower is blooming with petals extended and others in a button
this flower has several overlapping layers of pink petals which have rounded, slightly ruffled edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
pale pink petals with lightly ruffled edges are arranged in a spiral pattern around the flower's center, becoming more tightly curled the closer they are to it.
this pink flower has many rounded densely layered petals and green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has many layers
the petals of this flower are beautiful and pink and the pedicel is green
a pink flower with many woven layers of light pink petals that wrap around it's center.

this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
a flower with open red petals and a central cluster of red stamen
the flower has some small red petals with darker red stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the stem of this flower is topped with a cluster of red blossoms. each blossom is composed of several round, veined petals and has tiny, dark red stamen at the center.
this flower has dense thick orange petals with small stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched closely.
there are lots of flowers clustered on one pedicel; they all have delicate rounded petals.
this flower has small, rounded petals in a shade of pale red.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

5he flowers are lternatly shaped with large purple petals that are oval shpaed
this flower is bright purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has a thick brown stem and several large, slightly pointed purple petals.
this plant has multiple blooms, whose petals appear bright blue at full growth
some rich and dark purple or lavender petals with dark vein like patterns inside of them.
a tiny purple petal with dark purple veins and a dove wing shape.
this flower has purple petals on a brown fuzzy pedicel.
this purple flower has petals as well as a pedicel.
this petal has gorgeous purple petals and a long green pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen

this medium white flower has rows of thin blue petals and thick stamen.
this pretty flower has a lot of thin blue petals.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this stunning flower has large green and yellow stamens surrounded by thin purple ribbon-like petals.
a round flower with purple, thin petals and green stamen.
this flower has some regular looking purple petals that are hidden by strange filament shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a stringy stamen
this flower is blue and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has a unique collection of dark blue lavender filaments and green style and stigma.
this flower has a round fringe of bright purple hairs and thick green stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a center composed of yellow anthers.
a rounded white flower with brown and yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white with many yellow stamen.
a large snowy white flower with a tan center and heart shaped pedals.
this flower has very smooth white petals which have wavy, rounded edges.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has smooth white petals arranged in a ring.

this flower has a thick yellow center surrounded by several large and very ruffled white petals.
this flower has a single layer of very large ruffled white petals with an area of yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the sepals are not seen the petals are white while the inside part is yellow.
this white flower has toothed petals and a yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has large white petals with a large yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wilted.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has very large white petals with uneven edges and a wrinkled texture.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are purple and white and has a green pedicel
this flower has small white petals with purple spots and no visible stamen on it
the flower are alternatly arranged with lightpourlple colored petals
this bright flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil and pedicel.
this flower has wide and ruffled white petals with deep purple edges.
this flower has large white petals with bright purple edges along with a green ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and thin.
this white and purple flower has rounded petals, green sepals and a green pedicel.

an orange veiny flower with layered petals and green and red stamen.
this flower has thick yellow petals as its main feature.
the petals of the flower are orange and red in color and have green buds in the center.
the flower has several yellow and orange petals with green adn pink pistils.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has small yellow and orange petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has groups of blossoms bunched together and they have rounded bright orange petals.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.

the flower has pink and red flowers with a white anther in the center
a flower with ragged pink individual petals and a cluster of white andred large stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the edges.
the simple ray of florets have large open that are pink in color with few stamens that hav large white anthers
the petals of this flower are light pink with jagged edges.
who is pink with yellow in the middle
the pink flowers have jagged edges and the stamen have white and brown colored anther.
this flower has bright pink petals with jagged edges along the top.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has many pink tipped jagged flower that surround the longer pink stamen.

a flower that has long and skinny shaped yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long
the flower shown has small yellow petals with a green pedicel
this flower has several narrow petals all of which are yellow.
this flower has many long thin yellow petals that form a ball cluster around the ovule.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched closely together.
this flower has several bright yellow petals that hide any other part of the flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has lots of long needle like yellow petals on a green pedicel.

a bell shaped flower with purple spotted petals and no visible pistils.
the petals of these purple flowers form bell shaped blossoms.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark spots
the light purple flowers are alternately arranged and have brown spots on the inner pat of the petals
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a large number of purple bell shaped petals with spots.
this flower has cone shaped petal of pink and white with brown dots.
these trumpet shaped flowers are purple with dark purple spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
a bell shaped flower with one large purple bell shaped flower petal covered in purple speckles.

this delicate flower has a pinkish hue to the large petals while the stamen have yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and many yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has many layers of petals of a vibrant white color and yellow anther.
a light pink flower with layered petals and yellow anther.
this flower has bright, white, heart shaped petals surrounding dark yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow anthers protruding from the filaments and is surrounded by large, silky white, leaf-like petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow stamen with a few layers of smooth all white petals.

this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
the anther on the stamen are short and the pollen grains are not visible.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
the petals of this flower are red and yellow with a long stigma
the flower has orange and red petals that are round and curved.
the petals are red and gold with ruffled edges and the stamens are short and gold.
this flower has wide, overlapping petals in shades of orange and yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals of the flower are curved backwards, with some petals being red, and some petals being orange.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow steman
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by large overlapping white petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are uneven on the edges.
the flower shown has white petals as its main feature with yellow stamen
this flower has large white petal and a lot of yellow anthers on it
a flower that has pointed petals that are white and thin.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower has round, wavy, and white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by layers of white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.

the petals on this flower are red on the exterior ring and both red and white on the interior ring.
maroon color large petals with 5 white petals sticking out the yellow stamina.
this flower has a lot of stamen and a star shaped row of red petals on the outside with an inside row of rounded white and red petals on the inside
the flower has maroon outer petals but has light pink inner flowers and yellow anthers.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are in the shape of a star.
this flower has five dark red pointed petals with rounded pale pink inner petals.
this flower has 5 distinguished pointed purple petals and 5 more smaller rounded white petals.
this flower has white and red petals with yellow stamen
this flower has many yellow stamen surrounded by five petals fading from red at the inside to white at the edges.
this flower has dark red sepals, dark red and white petals, and yellow anther filaments.

the flowers have sparse orange petals that are also red.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has small yellow petals and green sepal as its main features
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are rounded.
a cluster of small rich burnt organge flowers with four rounded overlapping petals each and white stamen.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with rounded and wavy petals.
this flower has small blossoms that have four orange round petals and short white stamen.
this orange and yellow flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has orange and yellow petals that have white stamen

the flower has pink and white petals along with yellow anther and filament
the two flowers have pink and white petals with red stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pointed.
a layer of white petals lies flat underneath two upper layers of smaller, pink petals, which surround curving yellow stamens.
the petals on this flower vary from pink to white in color.
this flower has ascending layers of pink and white petals with slightly pointed tips and a grouping of bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower long white and pink petals with long yellow stamens.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.

this flower has furred, fringed petals in shades of red and orange arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has tall red petals and no visible outer stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this plant is characterized by feathery upright plumes of vivid red and yellow orange and bright green foliage.
this flower has large bush like appearing pistils in colors of bright red and yellow-orange.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and bunched together
this flower has vertical shaggy fringed petals of red and vivid orange.
this flower has a cone shaped configuration with yellow and red petals.
the petals of this flower are pink and orange and the pedicel is green
a flower with short and narrow petals that are red and yellow.

white flower with pink inner leaves and a green pedicel.
this is a white and pink flower with large green leaves.
this flower is light pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
the neck of this flower hangs low with a baby bright pink and yellow centered core with bright white petals atop a light green leaved stem.
the flower is light pink in color with sepals that are green and the petals have bright pink details.
this flower has petals that are white and has a patch of pink
this flower has petals that are a blush of pink with one petal veined in magenta.
this flower has several pale wink, sometimes pink petals with a dark pink streak on a few.
this flower has smooth white petals with a trumpet shaped petal at its center.
this flower has very smooth white petals with a ruffled pink mouth.

the white and purple petals on this flower sit atop a green pedicel
this flower has a large white petal with a yellow anther filament
this flower has three large, leaf like light purple petals and three very thin petals in an alternating pattern.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and oddly shaped.
purple dots are scattered along the larger white petals of these two flowers, which also have intermediate thinner petals and barely visible yellow central details.
this flower has very smooth white and pale purple petals with a ruffled mouth.
this flower has thin white sepals with pointed tips underneath a layer of three white peals with yellow and purple markings.
this flower has white and purple petals and a light green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is a light green
this flower has petals that are white and has purple patches

this flower has large green sepals with several layers of long, thin red petals.
this bright red flower has thin petals that get smaller until they're tendril like.
these flowers have hair like pedals that are salmon colored and a thick green stem.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
these spiky red flowers have long green stems and thin petals.
this flower has green and pink sepals with a lot of spiky red petals pointing in every direction.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has many red petals, the sepal are also red but gradient to green the closer they get to the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and are thin and folded together
this flower has multiple rows of petals of different shapes with red stamen.

this flower has petals that are yellow and white with orange patch
the petals of this flower are yellow and white with a short stigma
the flower is falling and is dark in color.
a yellow and white flower with large drooping petals and orange stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has yellow and white petals with an orange dot on them
this flower has long, drooping petals that are yellow and white with an orange stamen.
this flower has yellow and white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow and white petals embedded on green leaves.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with green stigma
the bell shaped violet flower has fused petals and the stamen are sticking out from the centre
the flowers grow together in a single bunch and petals are purple in color.
a flower with purple petals that are curled outward.
this flower has large purple petals and long white stamens.
a group of large funnel shape with purple pedal and a white center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

five purple petals with thin lines heading outward surround a region of purple and white stamen.
a pink flower with large petals and a tiny group of stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have darker striped.
the flower has pink petals which have a veining pattern and a pink pistil.
this flower has round and soft petals and a bunch of purple stamens.
petal is purple color with dark purple in the center with dark purple lines in the petal, anther is light purple color.
this purple-ish flower has five petals, each with darker highlights and purple anthers.
this flower has pink petals that have red lines on them
a flower with a long and wide petal that is pink.
five broad pink petals surround a pink stamen in this flower.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has wide, pale, creased pedals surrounding a pale purple stigma.
pale purple petals, striped with darker purple and dark purple at their bases, with slightly wavy tips, overlap and surround a cluster of small pink stamens.
the flowers are made of pink blooms with a pink pistil and stamen and pink anthers.
the flower shown has purple petals and a purple pollen tube
a group of purple and white colored pedals and a green steams.
the flower has five pink petals with dark purple veins running through them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines
this flower has pink and white petals, a pink and white pollen tube and dark green leaves.
this flower has light pink petals arranged in a slightly overlapping wheel-like formation.

a flower with one large white circular petal and three other yellow folded ones.
this flower has yellow and purplish petals, a yellow stigma, a white pollen tube, and a green pedicel.
the flower petals are white in color with larger yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are yellow and white with short stigma
a flower with a long and wide petal that is white.
this flower has white petals that have black and yellow lines
this flower has a large white petal on one side and 3 yellow smaller petals on the opposite.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has rounded white petals which are wide and very smooth.

a flower with large white petals with a tall conical stigma which is also white.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the ends.
the flower has white petals with thin tips and long pollen tubes.
the flower petals are bright white in color with longer stamen with larger anthers
the flower has a very large white petal with a white stamen in the middle
a large white funnel pedaled flower with a long stigma.
this flower has white petals and has a long style and yellow stigma
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and curled backwards.
this flower is white in color, with one large petal.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.

this flower has a prominent white pistol surrounded by gentle almost heart shaped pink petals.
this bright pink flower has large heart shaped petals with a large pink pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and large.
the petals on the flower are a light purple color.
this flower has a large purple petal with a purple anther
this flower has petals that are pink and has a small style
this is a pink flower with overlapping petals and a pink pistil.
this pink flower has heart shaped petals and a pink pistil
these flowers have pink layered petals on a green bush.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple with white lines running the length.

this flower has the overlapping yellow petals arranged closely toward the center
this flower is rose shaped with fluffy white petals an yellowish color scheme on outer pedals.
the flower has petals that are close together and are light yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and closed together
this flower is white in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has smooth yellow rounded petals overlapping each other.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wavy petals that are yellow.

this flower has numerous layers of pointed, very thin purple petals which curl into tubes.
this is a very bright pink full flower with pointy ends and a green stem.
the flower has a lot of purple petals that are elongated in shape and slender in form.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and skinny.
this flower has a lot of pink petals and a lot of pink stamen on it
this flower has long skinny petals of bright magenta that are spiked at the edge.
this flower has very spiky purple petals and the pistil seems to blend in with the petals.
there is no distinguishable stamen, with numerous small purple leaves pointed out around the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has purple petals with some white markings that grow in an asymmetrical pattern.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has wide rounded petals in shades of rose madder with bright yellow accents near it's center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
a large bloom with 3 dark purple, white, and yellow petals that curl downwards and several light purple and yellow petals that curl upwards with small bright yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large wide petals with rounded edges in shades of purple and yellow.
this flower is yellow, purple, and white in color, and has petals that are multiple colors.

the flower is held up by a pedicel and the petals are purple.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple in the center
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a dark pink base.
the flower has petals that are pink, soft, smooth, curly and separately arranged around pedicel
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a purple pedicel and upright petals that are pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
a flower with long and wavy petals that are light purple.
this flower has pale purple petals which are very smooth and bent backwards.
a purple flower with long purple petals that curve upward with a purple stem.

bright yellow anthers are clustered in the center of this flower, surrounded by rounded bright yellow petals.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by wide overlapping yellow petals which point upwards.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are in the shape of a cup.
this flower shows overlapping smooth yellow pedals, with yellow stamens.
this flower has a yellow pistil with a yellow petal and green pedicel
this flower has small triangular petals of bright yellow with pale orange centers.
this flower has yellow petals around yellow stamen atop a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a yellow stamen
this is a yellow flower with completely yellow petals and a completely yellow pistil.
this flowers rounded rippled petals start with a lovely shade of sunshine yellow and deepen to a mustard color.

this flower has pointed veined leaflike petals which are pink with green edges.
the petals of this flower are pink and green with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with greed edges
this pale pink flower has white tips on the edges of its petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has large pointy purple petals with a green pollen tube.
this flower has large pink leaves with white accents and pointy tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
this flower has large pink petals with white markings and prominent veins.

this flower has orange and purple petals and a pinkish pedicel
this flower sits at right angles to it's stem with two sharp orange petals above a purple petal and a longer orange petal.
the pretty flower has two orange petals and one blue that make it look like some kind of bird.
the flower has petals of various colors including orange, blue, and grey.
this flower is brown, orange and black in color with sharp petals.
there are subdued orange petals that are long, narrow and pointed and open at an angle around a white pistil that is highlighted with stark blue.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are pointy on the tips.
single grey colored sepal bent at a ninety degree angle from the stem with orange and purple petals rising from it.
this flower has petals that are orange and blue and thin
this flower has bright orange petals with pointed tips that are very sparsely arranged.

a cluster of tubular flowers extend downward forming a spike, each flower is white with purple tips.
the flowers are alternatly aranged with white colore ptals withb an outer space colored purple
this flowerbis bell shaped and has white petals with curled purple tips.
the flower has white and purple petals with white filament and purple anther
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the white and purple petals surround a green stigma circled by stamen of white filaments topped by brown anthers.
these flowers have white petals trimmed in purple layered on a green vine.
the petals are white with dark purple edges and form a vase shape around purple and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
the majority of the petals are white with violet edges surrounding stamen that have white filaments and dark green anthers.

this flower has several protruding stamen surrounded by several long, thin petals of purple color.
the flower petals are needle shaped and are dull p[ink incolor
this flower has a long pink petal with a dark green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
the flower has purple petals with a purple and greenish pedicel
a very thin flower with thing purple petals that curl up at the ends.
a bright pink flower with chilling curved and drooping petals atop a long green pedicel.
this flower has long, curly purple petals and white stamen.
this flower has long pink petals and long white stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower has bright pink flowers that look wilted and have thin stamen.
this flower has pink petals with a dark maroon center, a trumpet-shaped row on top outlined in purple, with yellow anther filament.
this flower is vibrant pink in color with skinny very skinny shriveled petals.
this unique pink flower has long thin pointed petals with yellow tips.
this pretty little flower is painful strong petals coming from its center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and oddly shaped.
this flower has bright magenta petals with purple tips and bright green leaves.
this flower has spiky pink petals that are sparsely arranged.
this flower has long eratic pink petals with their own yellow tipped stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl like shape
this is a flower with dark pink and white petals on it.
the petals below are pink in color while the top ones are white in color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
a flower with broad white and pink petals with central tangle of green and red anther and filaments
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink-tinted white petals with orange and red stigma.
this flower has white petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has five thick pointed red petals and five small rounded white petals.

a blue star shaped flower with blue pointed petals and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue with green stigma
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has blue tear drop shaped petals with sharp tips and a large cluster of green stamen.
this flower has petals that are flat and blue with green anthers and blue filaments.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has wide, pointed-tipped blue petals in vertical layers.
this flower has small blue petals and small green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
the stamens of the flower are a dark green color, and the petals of the flower are a vibrant blue color.

this is an all white flower with a white stamen which has yellow anther.
the flower stamen are white in color with the larger yellow colore anthers
the flower has very smooth white petals with yellow anther and white filament
this flower has large white petals and long white stamen with yellow anthers
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with wavy petals.
this flower has white petals that have small yellow stigma
a white and large blooming flower. the petals are very noticeable and its color is almost a pure white.
this flower has rounded white petals with elongated white stamen with yellow tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower's fuzzy pedicel transitions into white petals with irregular and jagged edges.
this flower has white petals, green sepal, and green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves and stems.
a white a green veined flower with a thick green pedicel.
this flower has white crinkled petals with light green veins.
the petals on this flower are mostly white, and green is the color of the stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has large white petals and green veins leading to the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

this flower has a long purple petal with a lot of white colored stamen on it
the flowers has several pink colored petals with it's stamen and filaments a really odd shape and form.
the petals are lavender with white sepals and a green pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are long and skinny.
a flower that has pink/purple petals and white tipped filaments
this flower has longer purple finger like petals with small tubes right above them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
a large purple flower with long pedals and a with stringy center.
this flower has sparse pale pink petals with a detailed center; it has white stamen shooting out the outside, then a red and black ovary, and a green style and stigma.
this flower has light purple petals with a darker purple receptacle and white filaments.

a flower with singular red petal and towering white pistil.
the leaves are bright green in color with a red colored one petal on flower
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
the flower petals has red diamond shaped look.
the petal of the flower is made of a thick waxy coating that is red in color.
this flower has a thick white stamen and a shiny red petal with pointed tip.
this flower is white and red in color, with one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has beautiful red petals and a tube like white pistil
this flower has a sharp red color and a white pistil.

this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are green on the tips.
this is a white flower with pointy petals, white anthers and a pink center
this flower has petals that are white with long stamen
this flower has light green pointed petals with a pinkish line running through thr petal.
this flower has small long white petals and yellow anthers in the center of it
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are green on the tips.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white and white pistils.
this flower has white petals that have big flowery stigma
this flower has pointed white petals surrounding tiny white blossoms.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has large white petals with red edges and red stamen in the middle
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has purple and white petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with pink trim
this flower's petals are light pink with a dark pink coloring around the edge and some yellow is splotched in random areas.
this flower has wide white petals with yellow centers and ruffled pink edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and have pink on the tips
this flower has multicolored petals that are pink, red, and white.

light purple petals and dark purple ovary
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
the flower shown has a smooth purple petal with dark purple and yellow spots
this is a pale purple flower with a darker purple center and large petals.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with a purple petal.
there is one frilly magenta trumpet shaped petal flanked by two light pink frilly oval petal and three long white petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower has thin white sepals and wide white petals with curled edges along with one colorful purple petal.
this flower has wide and very smooth pale purple petals with a ruffled purple mouth.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
pedicel is green the flower peals are yellow in color
a small closed up yellow flower; has beautiful yellow curled up petals.
this bright yellow flower has petals that overlap each other.
this flower has small yellow petals with no visible stigma in the center of it
this yellow flower has clustered pedals overlapping the other over green leaves.
this flower has wide and rounded yellow petals with ruffled edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has yellow petals with a few orange patches on them
the flower has many petals that are wavy and bright yellow.

white open pedals with small yellow stamen, with small green leaves.
this flower has large white petals and a yellow anther in the middle
the leaves are green in color with green sepals and white colored petal
this flower is white in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
the flower shown has a white pistil surrounded by a white petal
this flower has trumpet shaped white petals and a small yellow pistil.
this flower has white petals and a very light yellow stigma.
this flower has connected white petals surrounding a white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has a single petal that is horn shaped.
this flower has a trumpet shaped petal that is white with a long receptacle.

a thin pink petaled flower set on a small stem.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white towards the centers.
the flower has a smooth purple petal with a green pedicel
this flower has light pink petals and no visible outer stamen
the sepals are green ,the flower petals are triangular and are light pink in color
pale pink petals turn white and yellow atop the twisted green pedicel.
this flower is pin kin color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
a floppy silky velvet flower with a green stem attached to it.
this flower has very wide pale pink petals with a smooth texture.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded up

this flower has rounded petals that have a combination of dark and light purple.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen.
pedicels are green in color,flower is purple in color with rounded petals
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
this is a light blue flower that turns white toward the receptacle with yellow stamens.
this flower has purple petals and a thin, curvy pedicel.
this flower has a cone shape to it with purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen

this is a small flower with white petals and yellow near the ovary.
this flower has bright white petals with a yellow pistil and white anthers.
the petals on this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this particular flower has petals that are white and round
this flower has petals that are white and is satellite shaped
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has conjoined white petals in a rounded star shape, with a small yellow center.
the petals on this flower are white and the pistil is bright yellow
the petals on this flower are white and the pistil is bright yellow

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is part of a large, flat plant floating on the water; it has long, oval shaped, white petals.
the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
sepals are green in color,the petals of flower are white in color
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
this flower has petals that are white and are very thin
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white petals surrounded by long branches.
the petals on this flower are white and the pedicel is very short and dark green
this flower has a green sepal with a couple of layers of white petals arranged in a cup-like fashion.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this is a large flower with pink petals and white stigma.
this flower has two purple ovaries with white stigmas and bright purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery white stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
the flower has soft pink petals and two small white stems in the middle.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has purple leaf-like petals with veins surrounding tiny white inner blossoms.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma

this petals on this flower are are orange with a purple pistil.
this flower has several very pointed petals in yellow and blue.
the flower shown has green sepal with a blue and orange petals which are pointy
this flower is yellow, blue, and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this odd looking flower has a green stem that bends to one side and the petals look like a bird in flight, with one purple elongated petal and two yellow pointed elongated petals attached to it like wings.
this flower has long pointy leaves and yellow and blue pointy petals.
this flower has a large green pedicel and a few long narrow yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has three long pointy yellow orange petals and one long purple pistil.
this flower has orange petals that are tall with pointed tips.

the flower shown has white petals around yellow stamen and a white pollen tube
the flower has thin white petals and yellow stamen and white pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the white flower has petals that are soft and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
this strange looking white flower as 6 large petals with yellow in the middle
this flower is white and yellow in color, with wrinkled petals.
this flower has wrinkled white petals with a lot of very skinny yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with yellow pistils.
this flower has crumpled white petals and yellow stringy stamen
this flower has wide round white petals which are very ruffled.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has white petals and long white stamen in the center
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow stamen located in the center
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by five rounded white petals and five pointed purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple, white and has yellow stamen
this flower has thin yellow stamen, white petals with purple spots, and purple sepals.
this flower has rounded white petals inside a layer of pointed purple petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
a star shaped flower with two layers and white and purple color pedals.

the purple and white flowers contain long stamen.
this pale pink flower is trumpet like in shape and has several long stamen in the center, giving it a delicate appearance.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower shown has pink petals and stamen along with green pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink with long stigma
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has pink and very thin and has green stigma
this flower has long stamens and pink petals.
this flower has long thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
this flower has light pink petals with long pink stamens.

this flower has petals that are purple with many steman
this flower has long white petals with pink strips in the middle, and purple stamen in the center
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
the flower has long white and pink petals and many visible dark stamen around the pistil.
this flower has wide, slightly tapered white petals with purple stripes.
the petals on this flower are mostly light lavender in color and the inner stamen is the color black.
this flower has pointed petals which are pale pink with darker pink center stripes.
these pink and white flowers have long petals that come to a rounded point.
the petals of the flower are wide, withe a solid pink stripe going down the center of the petal.
a flower with long and narrow petals that have a pointed edge.

this flower has spiky pale blue petals that almost resemble a snowflake around a bulb of blue stamen.
this flower is light blue in color, and has petals that are sharp and pointed.
the petals are tooth shaped and they are a light blue-purple color.
a flower with pointed ribbed blue petals and a central bulb with compacted green stamen.
this flower has lots of thin, feathery petals with a small clustered center.
a greyish white flower with many pointy petals that are tiny and have snowflake like patterns.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are pointed and sharp.
this flower has petals that are spiky and has green stamen
this flower has a spiked green ball and layers of spiky purple leaves.
this light blue grey flower has multiple jagged petals that resemble a snowflake.

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are red near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white with pink center and yellow stigma
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has big white petals with a little red and a large white pistil.
a large pedaled white flower with a red star center, and a yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and red near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma
this flower has has white petals with a deep red base on the petals and a long whit stigma with a yellow stamen.
this flower has five round white petals with a dark red center and large protruding stamen.
flower has a single long white pistil with tiny yellow anthers and a single layer of five white petals with maroon near the center.

this flower has smooth pink petals and purple pedicel as its main features
the petals of this flower are bright pink in color and are shaped in an oval fashion.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
flower has petals that are dark pink and upright with red pedicel.
this flower has the overlapping red petals with the reddish pedicel
this dark pink flower has round petals with speckled colored green leaves below.
this particular flower has petals that are dark pink and light pink
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a red pedicel.

the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
a flower with broad white and pink tinged petals with central green stamen cluster
a star shaped flower with pink and white petals in multiple layers.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are white with pink shading
this flower has different layers of pink petals in varying sizes and with visible veins.
this flower has cream petals with light pink veins and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
these flowers are white and pink, the petals look like leaves.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tipps.
this flower has large, thick pinkish petals that come to a point and thick dark green leaves.
this flower has long, thick pink petals which have pointed edges and curl in overlapping layers.
this flower has a lot of pink petals with pink anthers in the middle
the flower has several rows of pointed, thick, waxy pink petals that alternate and hide the center.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant hot pink, and some tips are white.
this flower has long reddish magenta petals with long dark green leaves.
a flower with bright pink petals and long reen leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has many layers
this flower has numerous different layers of long pink petals with pointed tips.

this flower has a bright purple petal and a long purple stamen
the hot pink flower has ruffled edged petals, with hot pink stamen with black tips.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
the stamens are longer and purple in color with black anthers
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
lavender to pink petals with ruffled edging and pink stamen with darker tips.
the petals and the stamen are a vibrant purple, while the anther is a darker purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
a purple flower with large purple petals that have ruffles at their edges and long purple stamen with dark purple anther filament.

the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves.
the petals on this flower are red with white tip stamen.
flower has reddish orange thin round petals with small violet red stamen
flowers are many,they are red in color with roundd petaqls
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
a flower with short and wide petals that are burnt red.
this flower has petals that are red and has red stamen
this soft pink flower has bundles of pedals piled on to each other on one stem.
the flower has a red petals with a couple of stamens around the pollen tube

this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the flower shown has red petals and prominent anthers as its main feature.
the petals are needle shaped and red in color,sepals are green
this pretty flower how long red petals that very thin.
smooth brownish red pointed petals below red narrow pointed petals revealing a red pistil.
this flower has petals that are redand are very thin
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curled and oddly shaped.
the petals are bright red and tube shaped and the sepals are bright green.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
this red flower has red pointed petals and red and purple sepals.

this is a flower that has small and pointy white petals on it.
the petals on this flower are white with green stamen.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the pale green leaves are scattered underneath the white petals which fold downwards.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has white petals with slightly pointed tips and tall green stamen.
this flower has a prominent pistil and stamen with white petals.
the petals are white with green thin spindly leaves.

the flower has white petals that are thick and pinwheel shaped with yellow in the middle.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
the petals of the flower are white with tints of yellow nearing the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this is a flower that has five white and yellow petals on it.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a star shaped white flower with yellow tinting at it's center.
the petals of the flower from a distinctive yellow heart pattern on the center of the petals.

the large, delicate purple and lavender blossoms grow from a single long stem.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven.
the petals are a bright purple on the edges and fades to a light purple/white in the center.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and are arranged by growing up vines.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
the flower has multiple petals that are pink in color.
this line of light and dark purple flowers grown upward on the stalk and each flower contains a small group of stamen with white filaments and long purple antenna.
this flower has pink and purple petals that have long stringy stamen
this flower has layers of smooth ruffle-edges petals in varying shades of purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bunched together and uneven.

this flower has petals that are white with line imprints
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
many large white petals growing circular around a green stamen
this plant has white leaves because they have turned colors and appear like a very colorful flower with large bright tops.
small greenish yellow flowers with no distinct features are in the center of many white bracts.
this flower has large white petals of varying sizes with pointed ends and visible veins.
this flower has pure white leaves with delicate veins and pointed tips.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are white.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen

the funnel shaped flower is blue and has petal that is fused together
this flower has light purple petals that are connected but divided by deep purple lines, and which form a cup around the ovule.
this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped
this violet flower has both dark and light petals and they are on the smaller side.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are colored in the shape of a star.
a blue funnel shaped flower with leaves around them.
theses flowers have blue bugle shaped petals attached to green sepals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has purple lines
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
the light blue petals have dark purple stripes which form the pattern of a star on the circular petals.

this flower is purple and red in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
the flower has a purple petal and a red petal with jagged edges
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
the twin flowers feature three identical purple petals each.
this flower has petals that are purple with long stigma
this is a purple flower with three petals with long thin leaves.
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded upwards
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has a trio of petals that are smooth in texture, light purple in color, and slightly folded over.

a spiky pedaled flower surrounding a large white and green center.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with pointed tips
the flower shown has red pointy petals which is its dominant feature
the petals are red in color with spiky stamen around a prominent stigma
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
a flower with a broad base with many green and white stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are red.
this flower has many stamen which point straight up and are dark in color, which are surrounded by many petals that are pointy ended and red-brown in color.
this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that are pointed and sharp.

this flower has multiple layers of red petals that are surrounding the pistol and stamen.
the petals on this flower are a nice orange color
this blossom has many layers of pedals which wrap around each other hiding the center parts of the blossom, the pedals slowly retract from the center as the blossom ages.
the flower has petals that are orange pink and overlapping.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this pink and orange flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of red petals which are wide with rounded edges.
this flower has a large number of smooth pink petals with curled edges.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower shows large petals with white outer tips and yellow center.
this flower has five rounded and very smooth white petals whose color gradates to bright yellow at the center.
this flower has white and yellow egg shaped smooth petals.
this flower has yellow petals with white edges and a pinwheel shape
this flower has smooth oblong petals with slightly curled edges that are white with yellow at their base.
star shaped pedals thick with yellow at base fading into white with single yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with yellow center.

a pink and white flower with anther that bend outward toward the petals.
the petals of the color are pink in color and have a center that is yellow in color.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink and white flower resembles an artichoke with petals that wide and pointed along with many bright and yellow stamen.
the oval-shaped, pink petals are layered around yellow filaments topped with long, skinny anthers.
this flower has petals that are white ad pink and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green
these have long pointed pedals pink and a cluster of yellow stigma in the middle with large round shaped leaves that float in the water.

this flower has a brick red receptacle and a pedicel that connects to a base.
this flower has numerous thin petals which are pink near the base and gradate to a pale yellow.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin and tiny
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
small flowers and petals looks like stems and stigma throughout the branch and flower
the petals of the flower seem to be wilted, and they are a vibrant yellow color.
this flower has multiple fragile looking light yellow petals on a reddish green stem.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips

this flower is yellow, blue and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
alternating petals of yellowish-orange and black protrude from the pedicel into a sharp edge-like shape.
this flower has numerous long, sharply pointed petals which are bright yellow in color.
the flower is composed of spiky petals that are yellow in color.
the flowers has very long and slender set of petals that are yellow in color.
this flower has long pointed yellow petals with green leaves
this flower has bright orange petals that are upright with pointed tips.
this flower has very pointy yellow petals as well as blue petals.
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin

this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
this flower has purple veined pointed petals that are connected with a center area of light purple stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has several wide and pointy topped purple petals with vein like patterns.
this flower has purple petals that form a downward facing antenna dish, and it has white stamen at the center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
a purple flower with a cluster of purple stamen at it's center that is surrounded by purple leaf like petals.
cupped veined lavender petals with pointed tips and pronounced rigid lavender stamen.
this flower has tall white pistils in the center of a star-like configuration of light purple petals.

a flower with towers of yellow petals, green sepals, and red pedicel
the petals are not well seen and neither are the stamen and pistil,
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
a flower with a brown stem, yellow petals, and light brown stamen
a flower with short and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has small red petals with large yellow stamens.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and are attached to wooden branches.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
bright elongated pink petals are springing out from a grey tree branch.
a flower with large, spread out white and purple petals, and brown connective pedicel
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
the flower has long pink petals, and is mounted on a tree.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
the petals of this flower are pink and off white and the pedicel is brown
this flower has sparsely arranged long white and pink petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are that are drooping and oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
the flowers has a set of odd shaped purple petals with an even stranger looking stamen.
this flower consist of many bluish purple petals that are pointed on the end with many long stamen.
this is a large flower with blue petals, green stamen and stigma.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals on this flower are very light blue and the pedicel is green
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are layered and pointed at the tips.
this flower has broad, low-hangingm blue petals with numerous green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
a flower with lots of light blue petals surrounding a cluster of green stamen.

this flower has light blue petals that turn to white in the center and white stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected
the petals on this flower are large with a white stamen in the center
the petals fan out and are large and medium blue in color except at the center, where they change to white which is the same color as the stamen.
this star shaped flower has five large conjoined blue petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower has conjoined soft petals which are soft blue, with a white center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
a light blue flower with a large light blue petal surrounding a white center with a white pistil.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.

white petals with white at the bottom very large green leaves
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink at the tips.
a pale pink flower that closed at night. when the many petals are open there are many filaments and anthers showing.
the petals of the flower are pink and white and have a thick green stem.
this flower has petals that are white with pink tips
this flower has petals that are white and has pink tips
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by white petals with pink tips.
this flower has white, rounded, slightly scoop shaped petals with highlights of pink, and a triangular shaped stigma.

the flower has bright yellow and orange petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stamen
can you describe the shape of the petals on these flowers?
the flower has yellow petals with a orange stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are large and yellow with a thick orange stripe in the middle of each petal.
this flower has yellow petals that has red lines on them
this is a large flower with petals that are dark brown nearest the center with a rust stripe down the middle and golden yellow outside.
the mutli colored petals are yellow on the outside and turn to a deep orange to the middle of the petal.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
the flower has outer petals that are larger in size and the inner petals are needle shaped
this flower has long white petals and a lot of purple stigma coming out
this bloom has many purplish sepals which are narrow and extend out from the center, and a half globe of stamen in the center with anthers that appear to be individual blossoms.
this flower has petals that are purple with long steman
the petals on this flower are mostly purple and white, and green is the color of the stamen.
this flower has pale purple petals surrounding a mass of tiny pale purple blossoms.
this flower has petals that are white and light purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma

this flower has large purple and lavender outer leaves and white leaves with lavender edges on inner leaves hanging by a green stem.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals on this flower are dark purple fading to pink
this flower has purple and white petals and green sepal and pedicel.
the petals of this flower are white and red with a short stigma
alternating layers of petals are dark purple closest to the pedicel and light purple to white closer to the inside of this drooping flower.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink patch
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a down-turned head and wide petals of white and purple.

the flower shown has pink thin petals as its main feature.
this is a flower with pink leaves and a pink stigma.
the petals on this flower are bright purple with a white pollen tube
this flower has a large pink pollen tube surrounded by several large pointed pink petals with leaflike veins.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this pink flower has long pointed leaves and a prominent white pistol,
a flower with long leaf like pink petals under a tall purple stamen with white anther filament.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
there are long fuchsia pedals which are pointed as well as a deeper fuchsia pistil with a white tip.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this is a pink flower with long stamen and black stigma.
a bright pink pedaled flower with black tips on the stigma.
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has a slight star shape with bright pink, slightly ruffled petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has long stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wilted in appearance.
this star-shaped fuchsia colored flower has tissue paper-like petals and long stamens of the same color, with darkly colored anthers.
this is a pink flower with long and skinny stamens.

this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow and black lines
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the small flower is multicolored with mixtures of purple, white, and yellow.
the pedals of this flower are white and magenta with a short stigma
the flower shown has a mix of yellow and purple petals.
this purple, white and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
the bottom pedals are light purple and the top two pedas are bright violet.
this flower has petals that are white and purple and has dark lines
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is green
a violet flower with soft, flat purple petals that are yellow at their tips with black lines.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens
the flower has bright yellow petals that are round shaped.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have yellow anthers in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has five flat round petals that are bright yellow around bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has lime green stamen
this flower has five yellow shaped petals with a yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower has bright yellow petals that are smooth and rounded.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
large, rounded, brightly colored petals on a thin pedicel.
the flower has petals that are yellow with yellow filaments.
the flower stamen are yellow in color and the anthers large
this yellow flower has four ruffled, fan shaped petals and pointy yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is bright yellow pedals with a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has a burnt yellow appearance, with a yellow pistil and stamen at the center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this completely bright yellow flower has for large petals and visible yellow anthers.

the flower shown has pink petals as its main distinguishing feature.
this flower has pointed green sepals surrounding several layers of round blush colored petals.
the flower has a purple and peach petal with green sepal
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
this flower has layers of pale orange petals whose curled tips are bright pink.
a pink and peach bud of ruffled rounded petals just beginning to bloom with a silver green sepal.
this flower has petals that arepink and has yellow shading
this flower has whitish-green sepals underneath a tightly wrapped collection of smooth pink and orange petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower has many pointy pale red petals that overlap and a broad, large group of white stamen in the center.
this unusual flower has long thin red pointed petals with long whispy white stamen.
pinkish, orange flower looks harsh to the eye.
this delicate flower has pointy pink petals with a white round receptacle in the middle.
the pistil in this flower is huge and gray looking ball with peach colored leaves.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
the petals on this flower are mostly red, and white is the color of the stamen.
this flower has long and spiky pink petals in a ring surrounding lightly colored filaments.
this flower has a wide white center and layers of spiky red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen

this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled downward.
light red and dark red spotted pedals light greens stam
the petals on this flower are pink with dark blotches.
this flower has a row of petals hanging downwards from a reddish pedicel
flower with long pedicel that curves over leaving flower upside down, very small sepals, 6 reddish pink petals with varying intensity reddish-pink spotted surface.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this bell shaped flower is shades of burgundy red with a faint checker board pattern in the pointed tip petals.
this flower has dark pink petals with lighter markings and they are wide with pointed tips arranged in a bell formation.

blue petals with black dots in side and little green leafs
a flower with blue on the outer petal, purple on the inner petal, and white stamen.
the flower is bell shaped with its petals fused at the centre but opened in the outer region and it has blue spots in white background on the inside
these three blue bell shaped flowers have thin white stamens.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are wavy and short.
a flower that has indigo blue petals and a large pistil at it's center.
a large white pollen tube is in he center of a bright blue petal which is large in size.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside near the ovary.
this flower has bright blue petals with dark blue and spotted interiors and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has shades of green

the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
white petals with white middle and green leaves
this flower has petals that are white with ruffled edges
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the pedicel carries one flower on it and its petals is white.
this flower has white petals and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are white and has ruffled edges
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright white color.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
these rose petals is light pink and dark pink in color.
the flower shown has pink petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are magenta and have a short stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that are curled closely around the center.
this flower has petals that range in color from dark pink to peach.
this flower has pink petals that transitions to orange, and light yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of yellow
this flower has light pink petals that turn dark pink on the edges.

this flower has clusters of orange and red petals surrounding brown-tinted stamen.
pretty orange petals with dark orange on the inside and white stamen.
the flower has a yellow and red petal with a green pedicel
the small petals of the flower are orange and red.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are orange has and white stamen
this flower has yellow to dark orange petals with dark anthers.
this flower has orange petals with deeper red accents and veins.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.

there are multiple layers of narrow and long orange petals with many tiny orange stamen in the center.
a large orange pedaled flower with a deep dark center.
this flower has petals that are orange brown stamen
light orange petals dark orange middle green leaves
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
lots of orange petals are in a circular formation around the orange and purple stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a black stamen
this flower has a double row of orange petals surrounding the darker stamen.
this flower has layers of oblong orange petals in a ray-formation.

this flower has pink with orange petals and a orange and white stamen.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are pink, soft and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is peach in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower is light orange in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has a bright yellow ovary surrounded by a wheel of light orange petals with prominent veins.
this flower has visible veins in its peach colored petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red lines
the petals of the flower are formulated to emulate a fan shape, and the petals have various shades of orange.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals of the flower are blue in color with yellow speckled insides.
the flower is blue and has petals that are smooth, soft and has petals that are forming a bell shape and enclosing the stamen
this is a royal blue flower with a unique, white and green speckled interior structure, and white tipped anthers.
this flower has petals that are blue with white stripes and black dots
this flower has conjoined tapered-tip petals in a vivid blue.
flower has long pistil with bright white stigma protruding from a trumpet shaped array of bright blue petals with olive and white spotted interiors.
a flower that has long, connected petals that are blue with speckles.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has a light yellow pistil with unique petals which are blue around the edges and yellow with dark spots it the middle.

this flower has a tiny white blossom surrounded by pointed triangular pink petals which are veined and leaflike in appearance.
the petals on this flower are red with a tiny white flower.
this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
outer petals are beige in color,inner petals are white oin color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has red petals that resemble leaves and has large white anther.
this flower had orange petals with a small white flower in the center of it
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma
the flower has very delicate pedals that are a deep red.
a dull colored pedal flower with a dark white center.

this flower has several wide violet colored petals with slightly rounded edges.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is blue in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has large blue petals and dark blue anthers in the center
two large upper petals and two smaller lower petals are blue-purple and surround tightly clustered black stamens.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has very thin lilac colored petals with vein-like striations.
this flower has petals that are blue and folded upwards
the purple petals have dark purple veins and curl around small purple and white stamen.

these flowers grow on water plants. they are pink or yellow with yellow stamen in the centers.
the flower has white and purple petals with yellow anther and filament
this medium white and pink flower has curved waxy petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by upturned yellow petals with slightly pointed edges.
this flower has pink petals and very large yellow anthers.
this flower has white and pink petals that are arranged in multiple rows along with very large flat leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has layer of pale yellow flowers which have slightly tapered edges.
this flower has pink and white petals with some being sure white petals and yellow stamen
this flower is light yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are pink with long stamen
this pale pink and white flower has the shape of a six-pointed star and long stamen coming out from the center.
a cluster of flowers with pink petals and a green receptacle.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are star shaped.
this flower's petals have a light green at the base, a white line going down the center, and the rest of it is pink.
this pink, white, and green flower has pointed petals and white and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals in a star configuration and they are pink and white colored with a green ovary.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
the petals of this flower are light pink and yellow and the pedicel is green

the flower shown has white petals with yellow and purple coloring
this flower has petals that are pink with purple and yellow lines
this strange looking flower has colorful petals and looks like a bug
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flower vary in size and the stigma is visible.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has rounded pink petals with smooth edges and accents of white and yellow.
this flower has petals that have a color combination of pink,white, yellow, and brown.
pale lavender petals with yellow lines running through them and oblong petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and purple lines

this flower is red in color, with petals that have prominent veins.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flower has red petals with a red stigma and yellow stamen.
spals are brwon in color,peals are redin color and are rouned in shape
the flower shown has rough red petals with a yellow pistil
this blood red flower has pointed petals and red stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are shiny and drooping down ward.
a flower with long and wide petals that are dark red.
this flower has dark red rounded petals that overlap each other in a bell-like formation.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

the flower shown has pink and white petals with purple pedicel
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the pink orchid-like flower has curled pink petals and the pedicel is thick, long and brown colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with white shading
flowers with pink and white petals on a maroon stem.
this flower has dark pink straight stems with light pink and white petals in an upright position.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a white and pink petal on the purple on a thin pedicel
the stems are the color of purple while the petals are white with a pink highlight.

the flower shown has pointy purple petals with green sepal
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this spiny pink flower has pointed petals stacked on top of one another.
this is a flower that has pink and purple petals on it.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has dull pink petals that are very flat but look thick, it doesn't seem to have any pistil.
a flower with pink petals and a purple stamen.
this flower has three purple petals over very long pink petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this is a flower with a green pedicel and long yellow petals.
this flower has a very wide brown stamen with multiple long and skinny bright yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has multiples rows of long oval shaped yellow flowers that surround a brown ovule.
there are many yellow petals encircling a large brown pistil of seeds.
this flower has bright yellow petals and dark brown stamen.
the flower has black stamen and thin oval yellow shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this a a large flower with a thick, green pedicel and yellow petals.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are drooping down ward.
this flower has wide white petals and the flower head faces downward.
the flower has white petals that face down with green strip.
a dropping white flower with a long dropping green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white with green patches
the flower has petals that face down that are round and white colored.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
a white small flower with bell shaped and green line.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are drooping downard.

this strange looking flower has white , purple and green petals with a bumble bee.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines and flowery stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are white with burgundy centers and many white stamen.
petals are white greeen in color,anthers are many and are larger
a white, purple, and gray flower that has a dark purple center.
this flower has many buds overlapping white petals with pointed edges
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and green on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
the petals on this flower are mostly white-green, while white is the color of the stamen.

this flower has purple petals and a center with no visible stamen or stigma
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has 4 round purple petals and one larger petal with a splash of bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow steman
this flower has purple and yellow with lines on the petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow patch
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
this is a flower with four purple petals and one that is white with purple lines and a yellow bottom.
this purple, white, and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a pink flower with ruffled petals and a center of brown and yellow stamen.
this star shaped flower has waxish pink petals with yellow stamen
this flower has plastic looking pink petals with yellow in the middle
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are curled upward.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by wide vertical plum colored petals.
this flower is made up of bright pink fan shaped petals surrounding the bright yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are magenta and the pistil is yellow
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are shiny and ruffled.

this flower has small pointy coral colored petals that face upwards and form a cone.
a red and white pointed flower with layered red and white petals.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this unusual cone shape of these red colored petals makes this flower extraordinary.
the flower has pine cone shaped petals on the plant.
multi red with a hint of pink petals make up this flower against its long strong sepals
this red and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
a flower ith long and narrow petals that are stacked and pointed.

green pedicel and sepal supporting pale yellow petals with darker yellow petals inside of them.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a patch of green
sepals are green in color,petals are yellow inc olor
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the center,
this flower has yellow petals and a green pedicel and a green leaf sticking out.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has small yellow petals with dark green sepals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
a yellow flower with green sepal covering yellow petals that are close together.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has light purple petals with a purple stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are purple with a white stigma
the pedicel is green in color the flower is purple in color
this medium purple flower has five petals and a white stamen.
this flower has small purple petals and small white stamens.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has five blue petals that are ruffled around the edges.
this flower has five blue colored petals that form a star-like configuration.

this purple flower has thin string like petals and green stamen.
this flower has long rounded white petals on the outer row and long, thin, wavy purple petals on the inner row.
this flower is purple and yellow in color with skinny wavy petals.
this is a flower with light purple petals and flowing flaments.
this flower has lavender peddles with thorns and hair like purple stigmas and white pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
the flower has long, thin purple petals and long green stamens.
this flower has white petals, purple stamen and yellow pistil
this purple flower has pointed petals and pale purple sepals.
this flower has purple petals and purple stigma in a flat circle shape.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has overlapping red petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower features an ovary framed by yellow stamen and surrounded by layers of delicate red petals.
this flower has bright yellow stamen along with a few layers of bright yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a clump of short yellow stamen inside a ring of bright red oblong petals.
this flower has red peto with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this bright red flower has pointed petals yellow stamen and a purple pedicel.

the red flower has petals that are facing towards the ground are separately arranged around the sepal and forming an inverted bowl shape
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower droops down and has dark red petals in a honey comb shape.
this flower has large red petals and no visible stamen on the outside
these two unusual looking flowers it's turned in a downward position with a lot of titles in the color burgundy with dots
this flower has dark red petals with lighter red spots and the blossoms face downward.
this flower has petals that are
a flower with maroon petals and long droopy stems
this flower is purple and black in color, and has petals that are curled down ward.
this flower has downward pointing flowers with purple petals with white speckles.

the flower has petals that are yellow with a green pedicel.
the flower petals are yellow in color and rounded with pink sepals
this flower has several large, wide yellow petals which are slightly upturned.
this petals on this flower are yellow, flat and wide.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are large and thin.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant yellow color with shades of orange.
this flower has wide bright yellow petals and a very small purple sepal.
a yellow flower with the green pedicel and the leaves are green and thin
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
four yellow petals facing upward on a green stem with thin leaves.

this flower has purple bell-shaped petals with white wilted edges that open.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are shaped like bulbs.
this flower has numerous blue bell-shaped blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has many small bluish purple petals that are stacked on each other.
the flower has blue petals shaped in balls with a thick green pedicel
this flower has stacked purple petals, almost like there are a stack of buds instead of petals.
many small petals shaped like bells are stacked in the shape of a christmas tree with a long green stem.
this indigo flower has many indigo colored spherical ovaries with white star-shaped tops.
this plant consists of a tight bundle of purple to blue colored flowers that grow straight up, surrounded by long, narrow, pointed leaves.
this flower has vertical layers of small bell-shaped blue flowers.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have visible veins.
this flower has petals that are white with small stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
a white circular flower with a deep, yellowish-green throat with a prominent stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has white petals that are touching, and it has a greenish yellow pistil in the center.
this white and yellow flower has wavy petals, white stamen and a pale green pistil.
this flower has a large white and olive green petal with green stamen in the center of it.
this flower appears to have a single white petal in a circle shape white a light yellow center.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has a tall white petal and no visible outer stamen or stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with only one large white petal.
this flower has petals that are white and closed together
this flower has a peachy white trumpet-shaped spathe atop a thick green stem.
this flower has a rounded white petal with pointed tip and pale pink base.
this flower has one main petal that is white with faint pink nearing the base of the pedicel.
a white and pink flower with a dark green colored pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a green tip
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has pretty purple petals with green leaves
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
outer petals are larger and green,inner petals are meedle shaped
the flower has purple petals with many green pollen tubes in the middle
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has white petals with dull edges and green stamen in the middle of it.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a layer of oblong white petals follow by a layer of purple filaments.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this white flower has many bright purple stamen, as well as one green style with three stigma.

white wide ovary with a purple flower in the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has five pointed white sepals and a trumpet shaped center that is purple with some darker veins.
the flower is made of light purple blooms with individual white petals and green leaves.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with a green pedicel
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has white spaced petals with a lavender stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower has long and slightly curled white petals and a smooth purple mouth with ruffled edges.

the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
the flower has a weird looking set of petals that looks like corn and also yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very tiny
the flower shown has layers of small yellow petals that face upwards.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
the petals are tiny and golden colored and the sepals are pointed and green.
this flower has columns of bright yellow petals that have a jagged appearance.
this flower has orange-yellow petals that are surrounded by a long stem, pointed upwards, and has bright green short leaves.
this flower has small bushy yellow petals and a light green pedicel.

this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
the flower has dense purple petals with a thick purple line in the middle.
this flower has petals that are dark with many purple stamen.
the flower is blue and has petals that are soft,smooth and separately arranged around the clustered stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are darker in the center.
a flower with a very large light purple pedaled flower.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals that have short red stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly lavender in color and the inner stamen is the color purple.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this star shaped flower has its anthers supported by its fllaments and hang loosely
this blossom is pink with six petals, the upward facing petals have dark pink to red spots, there are several stamen at the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with long stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has large pink petals with long pink stamen on it
this flower has five very large pale purple petals with pink accents.
this flower has many purple and white petals and one of the petals has dark pink spots.
this pink and red flower has rounded petals and pink stamens with black anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this flower has light purple flowers with darker purple spots on them and purple and white stigma.

this flower contains round yet sparse petals that are pink, the stigma is also pink and spotted yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flowers has a set of 5 pink flowers that are like crumpled paper in texture.
the petals are a bright pink with dark pink veins and tints of yellow towards the middle of the flower.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has five large pink petals with red veins throughout; it also has a large pink pistil.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the pistil is very prominent, rising above the flat pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and thick.

this magenta flower has wide lancelet shaped petals with a deep yellow receptacle and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with long stigma
this flower has a white petal with purple edges and a purple pistil
this blossom has five petals which are dark pink on the edges and white in the center, the central cup is yellow, and it has a small pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of five bright pink and white petals with uneven edges.
this flower has large pink and white petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a green center
a wide open pink and red flower with a yellow center and orange stamen.
the flower consists of red to white pedals with a red stigma.

the flower has petals that are pale peach with green pedicel.
the flower shown has a very soft peach petal with a green pedicel
a flower with green sepal and folded over billowing pink and white petal.
this flower has several overlapping layers of small, ruffled peach colored petals,
this flower is peach in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together closely.
the petals of this flower are white and peach and the pedicel is dark olive green
this flower has a large number of peach colored petals with uneven edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and is ruffled together
this flower is off white and light peach with ripples petals that resemble havarti cheese sliced think and layered in ripples.

the visible petals on the plant are thin and purple while the stem has spikes on it
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has purple pestals on top and a geen pricky on bottom like a catus
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
a flower with no distinct petals and purple stamen
this flower has a dense amount of small spiky purple petals.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are very skinny and pointy.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has a disk like formation consisting of many very tiny purple petals.

the petals of the flower are like needles, and these are color purple.
this flower has a lot of bright purple stamen and anthers all around it
a flower with open purple stamen and green purple tipped petals and purple pedicel.
the stamens are purple in color and the stigma in smaller in size and brown in color
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are sharp.
this flower has thick layers of green and pink sepals and a large number of very thin purple petals in an upright position.
this flower has many spiky lavender petals that crowd around a yellow center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this bright pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

this flower has the outer row of white petals shaded with pink and the inner petals are dotted with brown holding the stamens at the centre
the petals of this flower are pink with a large stigma
this flower has petals that are dark pink with white edges and pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with white edges with dark lines
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has patches of white
this wild looking flower has pink and white petals with leopard print looking stamen.
this flower has ruffle-edged petals of bright pink with white edges.
this flower has multicolored petals that are generally pink at the base with white tops, but a couple have dark lines on them.

this flower has purple overlapping pedals with a bright green ovary.
this flower has large purple petals and white pistil as its main features
this flower has thin bright blue petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
this flower has long and slightly overlapping pale purple petals with soft textures.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has purple petals, a canary yellow ovule and white stamen.
this flower has bluish purple petals with a cluster of whitish yellow stamen.

petals rae rounded in shpae,they are red in color
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
the flower shown has layers of pink petals, and several orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is long and green
the flower has blood red petals half-circle, small anthers, and a while glossy look in the middle.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are red with a white and orange style
this flower has large red petals and a large white stigma in the middle
this flower's petal is red and heart shaped, framing a tall white pistil.
this flower is red and white in color, with with only one large petal.
the flower is made of a leaf that is red in color and has green stems.
this flower has a single bright red large petal with a very big pistil with a yellow stigma.
this flower is white and red in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
this flower has bright red petals and a short green pedicel
this flower has strangely shaped petals with white and red on them.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style

the petals are overlapping each other and the filaments gather together in a circle.
the flower has flat purple petals evenly surrounding a circle of stamen with bright yellow anther.
the flower has multiple purple petals that are long and oval shaped.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this bright light purple flower has several smooth, flat, lightly ridged petals surrounding a large pistil featuring raised stamen with bright yellow anthers arranged in a distinctive circle.
this flower has thin purple petals with a dark round pistil.
a flower with large flat purple petals that surround purple stamen with yellow anther filament.
this flower has slender long petals of magenta and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center

this flower has rich purple colored petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and folded together
this flower has petals that are purple with green pedicel.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the flower is blue with petals that are soft and separately arranged around stamens overlapping each other
the large petals are between the colors purple and blue and surround all other internal areas of the flower so that they cannot be seen.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are thin and wrinkled.
a flower with many indigo blue petals in many layers stacked on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this purple-blue flower has petals that curve to hide the middle of the flower.

the flower has very large pink and white petals with a green pollen tube
flower is light pink with two rows of pink petals
this flower has round light pink petals and a green pistil with red stamen.
this flower has large tear drop shaped light pink petals.
this flower has 8 pale pink petals and a pale green stigma.
this flower has layers of wide and smooth-edges white and pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has two layers of pink fan shaped pedals that surround a brighter pink stamen.
this flower has multiple rows of light pink petals that are rounded in shape.
the petals change in hue from a deep magenta nearest the receptacle, to a subtle blushed white at their rounded tips.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this red flower has one large petal with long stamens that have orange anthers.
the petals on this flower are red with white tipped stamen.
the petals are cone-shaped and bright pink and the stigma is yellow.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has a tube shaped with five rounded petals protruding from its mouth.
a flower with burnt red petals that are curved outward.
this flower has petals that are pink and makes a bell shape
this strange looking flower has a reddish color with closed bulbs
a pink flower with pink buds and yellow anther and the sepals are green

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are green near the center.
the flower shown has a flat pink petal with a white pistil
pedicel is green in color,the petals are light pink in color
the flower has large pink petals that are round shaped.
this flower has four large pink petals which are slightly heart shaped and have leaflike veins.
this flower has large rounded purple petals and a yellow center.
this flower has wide spread purple petals with green near the pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a green center
this flower has white stamen, a yellow ovary and pale pink petals with a wrinkled texture.
growing out of a green pedicel with green sepal, are dense light purple, smooth and large petals with a light green center.

this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are connected to each other.
the petals are a light blue and they turn to white in the middle.
a flower with blue petals and a white stigma in the center.
the flower is a delicate blue that forms a neat circle with a starfish pattern on the inside leading to a yellow center.
this flower has a large blue petal with a white anther in the center
the flower has white pistil and light blue round petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
this flower has a wide, rounded trumpet shape and is very pale blue.
a bright sky blue trumpet shaped flower fading to white then yellow as it nears the receptacle with moderately prominent stamen and pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are light blue.

this flower has petals that are blue with green shading
the flower has petals that are bright blue with a green pedicel.
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the petals of this flower are blue with no visible stamen.
this flower has blue petals and green sepal as its main features
this flower has a long trumpet shape and a shade of bright sky blue.
this flower has petals that are blue and are folded upwards
the petals of this flower are blue and the pedicel blends with the blue and turns green
this flower has blue petals and light green pedicels.
the flower has translucent blue petals that surround the pistol

this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamen in the center of it
the flower has large white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
a flower with white petals and bright yellow pistils in the center.
a white flower with a small yellow ovary in the center.
this flower has petals that are whte and has yellow stamen
this flower has soft, white petals and a cream colored stamen.
this flower has pure white petals, a green ovule and yellow stamen and anther filaments.
this flower has overlapping broad white petals and a yellow pistil.

the delicate purple flowers have thin stamen with purple tipped anther.
the flower has white and purple petals as well as purple stamen
there is a row of flowers on the central stem, with rounded white petals edged in violet and a cluster of black-tipped white filaments.
the flowers are purple with light colored insides are the blooms are alternating on a long stalk.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are white with purple on the tips and the pedicel is green
this flower has white petals with purple tips and a light yellow pistil with brown tipped style.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and blue around the edges.
a row of blue and white flower held by a stem.

this flower has petals that are yellow and orange with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flowers have orange and yellow petals that are round shaped.
this flower has five round, orange or yellow petals and a cluster of stamens in the center with large anthers.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has large whispy yellow and orange petals surrounding a deep cup and numerous yellow stamen.
a red and orange flower with yellow filament and anther and the leaves are green
this flower has petals that are yellow and have shades of red
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has small yellow petals with rounded edges and long yellow filament with small yellow anther.

this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
sepal is green,outer petal is purple and the inner are orabge in color
this flower has blue and yellow petals with sharp points which angle directly upwards.
the petals are bright yellow and blue, and the petals are pointy-shaped at the ends.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
a slender pod that opens to reveal a bright yellow and blue blossom.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very thin
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a red and green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are orange, white, navy blue, and watermelon
this flower has white receptacles and bright orange petals with pointed tips that stand upright.

the flower stamen and pistil are shorter and are yellow in color
a flower with white petals and yellow anther filaments in the center.
this flower has a long thin white petal and yellow anthers in the center
the center is a large yellow surface with a fuzzy pedicel and is ringed with a halo of simple white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with skinny oval shaped petals.
this flower has a wide yellow center and long white petals.
this flower has rows of long white petals with yellow anthers.
this flower has small thin white petals protruding from a large orange patch of stamen

the pink and white petals of this flower sits among broad shiny green leaves.
the flower has petals that are upright and pink with a center white stripe.
this pink flower has long and oval petals which are densely place around the flower.
the flower has thin pink petals that also has white middles.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has several pointy pink petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has oblong petals that are white and pink.
this is a pink flower with it's petals in multiple layers that are lighter colored at their center.

a flower that has vivid orange petals and a yellow center
this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are curled backward.
this flower has five rounded red petals which are large and slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange with red anthers.
this flower has a large orange flower and a bright green stigma
this orange, red and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this wet, orange flower has 5 large, round petals with a prominent texture, and lots of small green stamen coming out of the center with orange filaments.
bright orange flower with alternate sepals, green colored androecium and gynoecium
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
large five bright orange petals, bright yellow ovule, with the same color orange stamens.

the yellow leaves are long, slender and pointed and they surround a brown, domed center.
this flower has a large brown center surrounded by many thin, long yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are long and pointed.
these large flowers have long yellow thin petals with a black center.
the petals on this flower are long and yellow in color.
this flower has a black ovule, simple rows of yellow petals and a narrow pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the petals of this flower are long and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has long skinny yellow petals and a black center.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
the leaves are needle shapd and green and the petals are closedly parkd and yllow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
the flower has many small yellow petals with a green pedicel
this flower has fluffy and bright yellow petals with no visible stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has thin green sepals and many bright yellow petals.
the large round yellow flower has many smaller yellow petals that are slightly curved.
a flower with petals that are yellow and bunched together.
frilly yellow petals that fold onto each other, no other structures visible.

the simple row of florets are white in color and the petals are alternately arranged
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bunched together and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and ruffled together
this white flower has many tight clusters of ruffled, fan shaped petals.
this prominate white flower has smooth, large, and uneven edges for it's petals that overlap eachother.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are white and ruffled together
this flower has numerous white petals that are ruffled with uneven edges.
the tissue paper-like white petals of this flower form multiple layers, blossoming from the outermost layer in messy fashion.

this flower has petals that are purple, white, and stringy
this flower has protuberant green and purple stamen and pollen tube surrounded by fringed thin purple petals, which are in turn surrounded by slightly pointed wide white petals.
the petals on this flower are green, white and purple with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has a lot of white petals and it surrounded by blue anthers
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pale yellow.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
a large flat flower with two layers of petals, one layer of green petals and another top layer of thing purple and white petals.
this flower is white, purple and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has broad white outer petals, with thin periwinkle inner petals and thick dark purple-tipped stamens.

a flower with light lavender triangular petals with wispy dark purple stamen.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with pointed tips and purple filaments.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
this flower has large white petals and long purple stamen on them
this flower has thick white petals and a dark purple stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
a large pedaled grayish flower with a large purple stigma.
this white flower has pointed petals and dark purple stamen.
this flower has thin purple filaments and white petals with pointed ends.

there are very many light purple petals that all have a brown stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
the flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen.
a purple flower with many small petals and orange filaments.
the flower has several purple petals that cover the whole flower.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny and very ruffled purple petals.
this purple flower has many densely layered petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
the petals of this flower are violet and the pedicel is dark green
this flower is entirely purple, with hints if yellow, and small dense petals that give the flower a rounded circular shape.

the flower has green sepals with light purple petals that are curled
this flower has long stamen above which rise several long, very thin purple and yellow petals with ruffled edges.
the flower has yellow anther and white filament underneath the petals
this flower has petals that are green with purple near the tips
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has pointy violet and pale yellow petals with skinny long sepals.
the large wispy bloom fades from a bright yellow to a dark purple on the edges of the petal.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has long red petals with ruffled yellow edges.

a yellow rose with a green pedicil and surrounded by leaves
this flower has yellow petals and green sepal and pedicel
the flower has many overlapping yellow petals with pink edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely woven together.
the pretty flower has yellow petals that wrap around each other.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow, and green leaves.
this flower has light yellow petals that are arranged in many different layers to make up a full blossom.

a flower with waxy red petals and colossal cluster of white stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen
the petals on this flower are red with green stamen.
there is a white stamen in the center, surrounded by many sparse pointed pink petals.
this pink flower has pointed petals, white stamen and green sepals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are curve upward.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has pointed pink petals that spike out of the white center.
a flower with hard leaves surrounding the pistils that are white.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are small and pointed.
this hot pink flower has petals spread into an array with a green steam that has leaves near the top.
this flower has a lot of red petals that are spread out, and it has small stamen on the tips
it appears as though the petals and the stamen are fused together.
the dull pink colored flower has many smaller and pink colored petals
the bright pink petals on this flower are thin and arranged in a flat bush-like manner.
frilly red or fuscia petals that are very thing and slanky
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has a dome-like configuration of spiky pink petals with short sepals that are pointed and dark purple in color.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright pink.

the flower has many pink colore petals with outer part spotted yellow in color
bright pink small petals with brightly colored yellow tips and a brownish red pistil.
the flower has pink petals with yellow tips and red anther
this is a bright pink flower that is in a pinwheel formation around a red center and the tips of the petals are yellow.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are red and have golden yellow tips on them
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has small pink petals with yellow tips in a ring configuration.
the petals of the flower are a bright pink color, and the tips of the petals are a yellow color
the flower is vibrant and beautiful with heart shaped pink and yellow pedals.

this flower has a very prominent pollen tube surrounded by several large, wide yellow petals with rounded edges.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curved inward.
this bright yellow flower has delicate petals with a yellow pistil and stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flower has a yellow petal with yellow anther and white pollen tubes
this flower has large wavy yellow petals, lime colored style and yellow stamens.
this flower has a thick stamen surrounded by wide and very rounded yellow petals.
this flower has light yellow petals with a dark yellow colored stamens.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow, and yellow white is the color of the stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style

wide petals fading inwards whiter to bright yellow and a light lime green center with short pistols
this white flower has several ridged, fan shaped petals and very small visible stamen.
the flower has a smooth flat white petal with yellow in the center
this flower has seven petals that are white towards the tips and yellow towards the center where seven stamens are arranged symmetrically to the petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has small overlapping petals that are white with a yellow base.
this flower has overlapping heart shaped white petals with yellow accents.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

the flower has a dark and a light purple petal with patches of yellow
the petals on the flower was dark purple and light purple in color.
this magnificent blue-petaled flower has yellow towards its interior center.
the petals are purple with two petals being dark purple and one petal having yellow in the middle.
this flower has two peddles that are dark purple and three peddles that are lavender with white and yellow center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this flower has large light and dark purple petals with a bright yellow center.
this purple white and yellow flower has rounded petals and a dark green pedicel.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and yellow

the flower has petals that are dark blue with a white spot and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are blue with white stamen
the star shaped blue flower has petal that is fused near the sepal and has stamen in the centre
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovary.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
this flower has a trumpet shape with a wide blue mouth.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has bright blue petals that are star shaped and a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are blue and in a bell shape
this flower has blue bell shaped petals that contain a yellow pistil.

the flower has large deep yellow petals, with some red veins near the base of the petal. it has the same deep yellow color on the stamen and pistil
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and ruffled together
a small orange flower with round and ruffled petals that hold orange stamen.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have orange details towards the center.
the ruffled orange petals have dark orange veins and the sepals are green.
this flower has yellow-orange petals that are tinged with dark red in the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has very round orange petals with red accents and delicate veins.
this flower has brightly colored orange petals with some red markings.

this flower has a brown and yellow center surrounded by several layers of smooth red petals.
bright red flower with long petals surrounding yellow, finger like stamen.
a dark red colored petaled flower with a dark black ovary and yellow filliments
this flower has a dark red petal and a yellow and red stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shapes.
overlapping bright red petals encircle a yellow stigma and burgundy stamen in this flower.
this flower has large bright red petals with small yellow stamens.
this flower was dark red and was golden center and a purple stigma.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and has stamens in the centre
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the flower has white and green stamen and purple round petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple
the petals of the flower are pointed and are light purple in color with leaves that are green.
this flower has prominent green filaments with white anthers in the middle of a slightly cupped ring of purple and white petals.

this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the stringy stamen of this light violet flower are complemented by the pale green pistil.
this flower has protruding stamen surrounded by hundreds of long, very thin purple petals.
the curly ends on this flower make the bright purple center pop with radiance.
the flower has many narrow purple petals with white filaments.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy purple stamen
this flower has long, thin, spindly lavender colored petals and large yellow stigma.
this flower has very long thin filaments that are purple in color and curly at their ends.
this flower has thick purple petals under a layer of darker purple fringe.

this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
long, thin yellow petals are arranged around brown stamen on this flower.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by long thin yellow petals.
the flower shown has small yellow petals with black anther
this flower has a long thin yellow petal and a black colored stamen
the bright yellow petals form a circular disk around a cluster of dark brown stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
beautiful flowers with bright yellow petals and a black stamen
this flower has a dark disk-like center surrounded by a ring of yellow oblong petals.

a flower with many folded over bright yellow petals
leaves are green in color,petals are floret and are yelow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and closed together
these bright yellow flowers have pedals that pop out of thick green leaves, cupping around the ovule, receptacle, and stamen, hiding them from view and making the flowers appear ball-shaped.
this flower's yellow petals cup over each other concealing it's stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
a flower that has long and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this flower has smooth yellow petals that are rounded in shape and wrapped together like a small ball.

dark orange pedals green middle dark green leaves
this is an orange flower with green stamen and black stripes near the ovary.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are orange with green stamen
the petals on this flower are orange with a green center.
this flower has orange petals with red lines on them
the flora has delicate, almost wrinkly large orange petals
this beautiful flower has bright orange fan shaped petals, with a green stigma in the center.
this flower has orange petals with darker streaks through them that extend from a green stigma.
this flower is orange and green in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the flower has long yellow petals that are thin and dense.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen
flower with long spikey yellow petals and a duller yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow skinny shredded petals with yellow stamen in the inside of it.
there are two layers of bright yellow bristle like petals surrounding a dense cluster of bright yellow stamen and pistil.
this yellow flower has many densely layered pointed petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has narrow, upwards facing yellow petals, a orange-yellow ovule and spiked green and brown leaves.

