this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower has red petals which overlap in layers and a yellow pistil.
bright red and pointed petals are arranged in layers surround yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has large red petals and orange stamen coming out of the middle
this flower has a couple of rows of oblong pink petals and a center dome of yellow stamen.
this flower has large red petals and bright yellow stamens.
these flowers have red layered petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

the flowers petals has yellow and burgundy for color.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has small yellow petals and no visible stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are small and oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow trim
the pedicel is a dark magenta and the petals coming off of it is a pale yellow.
this flower has tiny yellow petals that curl up out of tubes.
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are green.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.

this flower has white, fluffy petals that become yellow as they descend towards the ovule.
this flower has petals that are purple with a patch of yellow
the petals of this flower are yellow and white with a long stigma
the flower shown has smooth white petals with some yellow coloring to them
this flower has large white petals with ruffled edges, and one of the petals also has a yellow color on it.
this flower has white petals with ragged edges and a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has wide white petals and a ruffled yellow mouth.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow patch
this flower has pure white petals, a yellow ovule and broad green leaves.

this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the flowers are green in color and are needle shaped
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has long purple stamen and no visible outer stigma
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has a green receptacle with long and stringy purple stamen
the receptacle is large, green and spiky, larger than the flower above it with tiny purple petals.
most of the flower is green and pointy, with many purple petals at the very top.
this flower has thin green spikes with a purple bushy stamen center.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are spike like.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this pale yellow flower features many petals with textured edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
the flower has small white petals with a green pedicel
this flower has light yellow pedals overlapping each other.
this flower is light yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has a ball-like shape that is made up of a large number of lightly colored petals.
this flower has a big bunch of off white crinkly petals.

this flower has green pistil and small rose petals as its main features
a cluster of peach colored flowers with no visible pistils or anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has multiple layers of reddish peach colored petals.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has small and waxy petals in a shade of pale red.
this flower has mall red petals and small red stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

sepals are green incolor,flower is pink in color and capsule in shpe
the flower shown has green pedicel and bright pink colored petals
this flower has petals that are dark pink with white centers.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and forming a funnel shape
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
large pedicel supporting dark pink bell shaped pedal fading to white at center.
a flower with long petal that curls outward and is pink.
this flower has a large funnel-shaped petal that is pink with a white center and irregular edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are white near the center.
this flower has pink petals that has white and yellow in the center

a purple flower with large floppy purple petals and tiny white stamen.
the flower is purple and has a thin green stem with a yellow pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink with small stigma
a dirty green stem, reminiscent of the earth, with nearly transparent lavender petals
this flower has a small green sepal and large light purple petals.
this flower has delicate and very pale purple petals which are slightly upturned.
the flower has purple petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.

this flower has long red petals that have white dots on it
a flower with hanging downward purple sptoted petals, green sepal, and green pedicel.
the petals are needle shapd and longer with white and maroon spotted color
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has purple petals with white spots and a green pedicel
a flower with long, narrow, and pointed leaves that are purple with white spots.
this flower has oblong magenta and white speckled petals and thin green stem.
the flower has long drooping purple petals with lighter spots on them
these are blood red flowers that are about to bloom
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink spots

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the flower shown has tiny pink petals with green sepal
this bright pink flower has many tiny petals that barely break the surface.
this flower has petals that are pink and very small
this flower has petals that are stacked and bright pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are fluffy and vertically layered.
the middle of a he flower is sticking up like a pink pinecone
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower has bright magenta leaves that are cone shaped and curved upwards, and broad green leaves.
feathery dark pink pedals form a cone shape with many layers.

this flower has many distantly parted layers of bright red petals.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are red and thin and folded together
the background of the flower is bright green thin leaves jutting out in every direction, while in the center are fluted petals of a deep red stacked in similar fashion also pointing in different directions.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has red petals, which are toothed in a pinecone arrangement.
this flower has petals that are red and are very small
this flower has jagged pink petals that stack atop each other, reminiscent of a pine cone, with long, curved leaves.
this flower has a cone shaped configuration with many different layers of red petals.

a flower with long ragged pink petals and red and pink anther and filaments.
this flower has a violet and pink color with a few long thick filaments shooting out the top.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the flower has long, delicate, thin, baby-pink petals that curl backward near the tips and they surround long thin stamen of the same color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long skinny pink petals that form a v and are curled at the end with long pink stamen sticking out from them.
this flower has a horn shape made with pink petals that curl back towards the pedicel.

the flower features five soft white petals that each have a golden hue at their center to give the appearance of a yellow center.
these small white waxy flowers have bright yellow centers.
this small flower has five overlapping white pedals with an inner vibrant yellow trumpet-shaped row.
this flower has a white petal with yellow spots in the middle
the petals are a whitish hue leading towards yellow at the center.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are white and yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color towards the outside and the insides are yellow in color.
this flower has small smooth rounded petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are very small.
the flower has a red petal with a white pollen tube located in the middle
this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has a tiny central white blossom surrounded by veined, pointed red petals which are leaf like in appearance.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are very smell.
a red flower with white stigma and stamen and the leaves are green
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma
these flowers are red with an off white stamen in the center.
a large red pedaled flower and a white center.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower has petals that are bright red with yellow stamen.
this flower has several layers of soft red petals which overlap slightly.
the flower shown has small bright red petals with yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the beautiful big flower has red petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner around yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright red petals and long, orange anthers.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a couple of rows of oblong red petals arranged in an overlapping ring.

the petals on this flower are red with large green stamen.
this is a big bold flower with warm shades of red on it.
the flower has petals that are star shaped and red with red filaments and tan anthers.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has a layer of bright red petals around some very long stamen.
this flower has smooth red petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a pinwheel-like formation of bright pink petals with a slightly ribbed texture.
this flower has red, pointed petals and multiple stamen.
the petals on this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and skinny.
the petals on the flower is pink and has long pink
the flower has petals of a pinkish hue with pink stamen.
this is a beautiful flower like a lilly with long flowing lavender leaves flowing in the winds.
this small pink flower has long curved petals and stamens
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with wavy and curled petals.
this pink flower has curled petals, a red and green pedicel and pink and gray stamen.
this flower has long thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.

the flower has a large white ovary and sharp petals that are red in color.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals on this flower are mostly red but gradate to white at the base and are pointy at the top; the center is white and cone shaped.
spiky red petals surrounding a lavender center, including stigma and stamen.
this strange looking flower has long thing red petals around its large center.
this flower has tall spiky red petals in a ring configuration.
this flower has red long petals with sharp edges and white stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red points
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed.

this round flower has a yellow center surrounded by hundreds of very thin yellow petals.
this flower is bright yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and long.
there are bright yellow thin petals with a center cluster of darker yellow stamen.
needle thin yellow petals radiate from the yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has petals that are narrow and yellow with yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has very thin yellow petals arranged in a flat disk formation.
these bright yellow flowers have long, narrow, and string like petals extending from the center.
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are yellow.
the petals of this flower are stringy and the pedicel is small and green

the flower has a green petal with a green pedicel and yellow anther
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has long white petals and long white stamen with yellow anthers on it
the petals of this flower are white with long stamen
the flower stamen are longer in length with larger yellow anthers
this flower has pointy white petals and long, white stamen.
this flower has thick, white petals and long, white stamen
this pale green flower has pointed petals and pale green and yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this is a pink doubled flower with many petals that start as a pointed bud and open fully.
this is a pale pink flower with large rounded petals.
the flower has petals that are pink with a dark pink center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has several overlapping layers of soft pink petals with rounded edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are white colored with pink hues.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this is a pink flower with overlapping petals and ovate-shaped leaves.
this flower has multiple layers of very light pink petals that are enclosed around each other.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals on this flower are purple with green stamen.
the petals are purple which overlap each other in three rows.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen
this pale purple flower has three layers of petals, plentiful green stamen, and branched, needle-like leaves.
this flower has overlapping purple petals with dark filament and green anther.
this flower has a couple of layers of light blue petals with pointed tips and prominent green stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have small veins.
the flower has petals that are yellow and shaped like a funnel.
this yellow flower has an outer ring of three large, drooping petals with fine purple veins and an inner ring of smaller petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has thick green sepals which surround yellow petals with rounded edges.
this flower has tall yellow petals and a yellow colored stigma in the center
this flower has large yellow petals with small brown spots leading to the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has bright yellow petals in a variety of shapes and sizes.

this flower has a lot of green petals and a lot of bright purple stamen
this prickly looking, globular lavender flower sits atop grey green sepals and foliage.
the flower has a lot of very slim but brightly colored purple petals.
the flower petals are needle shped nd are purple in color
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curved upward.
this is a purple flower with petals that are string like.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has purple filaments throughout the center of the flower and green and brown leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
the flower has thin purple petals sitting on top of green sepal.

the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
the flower are capsule shaped with bright blue colored petals with larger anthers
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has large blue petals, and a center that is dark purple
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow steman
the petals are deep purple and indigo and form a vase shape surrounding the stamens.
this flower has a trumpet-shaped petal with bright blue at its top and darker blue and purple elsewhere.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow lines
this blue and purple colored flower has petals blending from blue color in the top to purple towards the bottom and the has a crown shaped sepal.
this flower is bell shaped with petals that are deep purple near the yellow stamen and become a bright, vivid blue toward their pointed ends.

there are many closed bright blue closed buds on this flower.
this flower has several layers of blue bell shaped blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
a cluster of bell shaped flowers with blue petals and no present pistils.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and closed together
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has a large number of small bright blue jug-shaped petals on a single stem.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
the petals of this flower are blue and the pedicel is green
this flower has a lot of ball shaped buds on a stem.

this flower has white petals that point straight up with a tad of purple.
this flower has bright white petals that twist a bit and are bright purple at their base.
the petals on this flower are white with purple bases
this flower has petals that are white with patches of pink
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and upward.
this flower has a dark red pedicel and tall upright white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and are folded upwards
a large wavy white pedaled with purple bottom and attached to a black stem.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this flower has thin and very smooth white petals bent back from a pink center.

this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with orange stamen.
the flower is pink and one cannot tell the difference between the stamen and pistil.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this pink flower has skinny petals that grow downward and a big flower head that consists of pistils.
the flower has several light pink petals surrounding red, and yellow stamen.
this flower has pink petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has downward pink enlongated petals surrounding red and yellow stamen.
this flower has a single row of long light pink petals.

this flower has one big shiny red petal that wraps around the long white pistil in a heart shape.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a very bright red petal, and a prominent worm shaped white stigma.
this flower has one large, heart shaped red petal, with a long and bumpy pistil.
the bloom of the flower is made a waxy bloom that is red in color with a thick textured white anther.
the petal of the flower has the texture, as well as the visual appearance of plastic.
this flower has a single bright red petal and a large white pistil.
this flower has a single large red leather textured petal with a white anther filament.
this flower is red in color, and has a single large petal.
the flower has one large, waxy, red petal with a large white pistil.

this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
the petals are wethering with the anthers not being visible.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the orange flower has petal that is soft, smooth and arranged separately around stamens that has white anthers
a cluster of flowers with deep burnt orange petals and cream colored stamen and anthers.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has orange petals with small white stamen in the middle
this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has small and rounded orange petals with darker orange veins.

this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored
the flower has blue bell shaped petals with blue stamen locating inside
this flower has a lot of short petals stacked on each other, with a brown stigma
this is a cluster of purple flowers forming a spike, and each flower has spots in the throat.
the flower is made of a bundle of purple petals that grows along a tall stalk.
blue flowers with a white buds and the pedicel are green
the flowers have creamy blue petal with white filaments, and black anthers.
this flower has lots of blue petaled blossoms grouped together on a single stem.
this flower has purple petals that have small black stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this drooping flower has a large red pollen tube surrounded by large orange petals veined with red.
this flower is brown in color, with petals that are curved downward.
the petals of this flower are brown with a long stigma
the flower petal; are brown in color with larger anthers brown in color
the flower has a green sepal and pedicel with a red stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light brown colored with darker circular lines.
this flower has pink petals and has red bushy stamen
this flower has large wide peach-colored petals and darker red veins.
this flower has a pale tan color with red veins throughout the petal and a bright red stamen.
this flower faces downward with large brown petals and a reddish brown ovary with dark brown stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals are a bright pink color while the stamen is a bright yellow color.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this particular flower has petals that are short and pointed with purple and a orange center
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has a couple of layers of light purple pointed petals in a slightly upturned arrangement with bright yellow stamen at the center.
the big flower has pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately enclosing yellow stamens forming bowl like shape in different layers
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has many layers of thin pink petals which are ruffled and protrude in multiple directions.
this flower has petals that are pink and very ruffled
sepals are green in color,petals are needle shaped and are light pink in color
a spiked looking purple flower with red tips on the pedals.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
a purple flower with wavy pedals and a green leaf.
this flower has very thin, long petals in pink shades which protrude outwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very stringy
this flower has a large number of very small light purple petals and darker purple stamen.

this purple flower has five rounded petals with accents of yellow and white.
this flower has small purple petals with a yellow center in the middle
the flower shown has blue petals with dark blue and yellow markings
this flower has deep violet petals and a yellow center and deep blue streaks running through center.
this flower is blue white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow patches
this flower has smooth purple petals with rounded edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has five wide purple petals with yellow center accents.
a violet flower with five petals and a yellow and striped center.
this flower has blue and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

the flower has pink and purple petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with red lines and burgundy center.
the petals of the flowers are pink and purple in color with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink with red lines
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower is pink and blue in color, with wavy thin petals.
this flower has red vascular petals with very long, brown stigma that poke out further than its petals.
the red petals are surrounded by pink, it has a few visible stigmas.
the five to six heart-like shaped petals are light pink on the outside and fade into dark red towards the inside center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines

a flower with white petals and a with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has many white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a round yellow center and long, thin white petals.
this flower has many long slender petals of white surrounding a yellow pompom center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has many white petals with rounded tips surrounding a cluster of yellow anthers.

the flower shown has small red petals with green sepal
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is bright pink with overlapping petals and red stamens.
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this is a flower with red colored circular petals and no visible sepal.
the red petals of this flower form a tight circle around the red stigma.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
a large ball of flowers with red pedals and a dark center.

this unique flower has several orange spikey petals with a bright blue stigma.
the flower has pointed petals that are the color of pink, bright orange, and blue.
this flower has petals that are orange, thin and spread apart
the flower has petals that are pointed, upright and golden.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
there are vibrant pointed orange petals and bright blue stamen and pistil jutting from a deep purple blue sepal.
this flower has very thick, sharply pointed petals in bright orange, red, and blue.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
the orange petals are long and pointed on this flower with a big pollen tube.

a purple bell shape pedaled flower with a green stem.
this flower has a tubular shaped petal that is light pink on the outside and speckled on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals are bell-shaped and pink in color with darker pink dots in the middle.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
these flowers have a bell shape to their petty pink petal, theres also dark pink and white spots on the inside of the petal.
the petals of the flower are bell-shaped and are light purple in color.
the flower has one single bell shaped, pink flower with dark purple spots on the inside.
a pink flower with the purple dots and the pedicel are green

this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that have many veins.
this flower petals is light bluish and purplish color
this flower has petals that are purple with short stamen
this flower is star shaped with five pointed blue petals which are veined.
the flower has fused blue pointed petals and a fuzzy white stigma.
this flower has a star-like configuration of bright blue petals with prominent veins.
this flower has petals that are blue and has dark lines
this flower has thick, light purple petals and pistil.
the five purple petals form the shape of a star and have dark purple veins.
this flower has purple veined petals and a bright green pedicel.

this flower has long upturned petals with ruffles edges which are yellow with red centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has yellow filament with yellow and red petals as its main features
this flower has six wavy upward pointing petals and below them, brown anther on elongated filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stripes
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has upright petals that are frilly, yellow and orange.
this flower has tall, curly upright petals sitting on top of long yellow stamen.
the flower has a yellow and red petals around the green pollen tube with a green pedicel

the flowers have light pink petals that are pointed and large.
the flowers are arranged in clusters and each one is a delicate pink with five petals and a darker fuchsia colored throat.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled in appearance.
the leaves are smaller and needle shaped while he peyals are capsul shaped and light purple in color
this flower has a light pink petal with a dark pink center
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower has wide and very rounded, ruffled pink petals.
this flower has light pink petals with a darker pink ovary.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.

the flower has petals that are large and pink with a yellow stigma.
the flower has red petals with a orange anther and a white filament
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has a lot of pink petals, and a yellow stigma with a lot of red stamen with yellow anthers on it
the fkower has alternating round shaped petals ha are light pink iin color
the petals of the flower curl inward and are pink color with green leaves.
this flower has a very prominent style with a bulbous stigma surrounded by overlapping rounded pink petals in a cup-like formation.
this flower has large pink petals with a large red and yellow pistil.
this flower has delicate pink petals with a long stemmed stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around a bunch of stamen with yellow anthers
the flower has pink and the stamen can be seen as well as the pistil.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has small pink petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has tall yellow stamen and very light pink petals.
a pink flower with a yellow orange core and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

a flower with manyfold waxy red petals and central cluster of yellow and red stamen.
this colorful flower has bright purple colored petals and yellow pistils.
this flower has pink petals and a group of yellow stamen in the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has red petals and yellow stamen in the center and is bowl shaped.
this flower has yellow stamen and layers of upturned pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curve upward.
this flower has multiple rows of bright pink petals that are arranged in a cup-like configuration.

this flower has petals that are red with a yellow stigma
this bright red flower has a red style with many yellow stamen sticking out of it and five oval-shaped petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a protuberant red pistil surrounded by five large, wide red petals with slightly ruffled edges.
a flower with dark red petals and pistils accompanied by yellow anther filaments.
this red flower has five shiny red petals that surround a red stamen with yellow anther filament.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has dark red petals and a long red stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style

violet pointed and vein showing petals with a violet and green pistil.
there are several blooms grouped together at the end of a branch, they petals are light purple, each bloom has three pistils which have green ovaries and light purple stigma.
the flower has a purple petal with a brown pedicel
this flower has protruding pink stamen and several large pointed, leaflike purple petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pink with veins.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
these flowers has leaf looking purple petals and very prominent stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
the purple flower radiates beauty and attracts insects to its pollen

sharp looking lavender petals and a rounded clump of stamen that is also purple.
this flower has a round purple center surrounded by thorned long, thin purple petals.
the flower shown has spiny purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple ad white in color, with petals that are spikey.
this unique flower has thin spiky purple petals and the stamen is spiky as well.
this flower has blue petals as well as a purple pedicel.
the flower has blue stamen and pistils with blue feather shaped petals.
this flower has light purple thin petals with very jagged edges in a ray formation.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a big green style
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are pointy and sharp.

the base of this blossom resembles a bird's head with a long beak, there are petals protruding out of the top back portion of the "head".
this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow and blue
outer petals are orange in color,inner petals are purple in color
the petals of this red-orange flower with some purple-blue looks like a flying insect
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower is orange, blue, and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has long thin orange petals with pointed edges.
this eye-catching flower has a spray of upright orange petals, two angled blue petals, and one horizontal green sepal all rising from a dark orange pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and is very thin
this flower has long thin, very pointed petals in bright orange and purple.

a flower with ragged open pink petals and tall pink anther and filaments
the flower has a weird looking set of petals that are quite curly at the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very think
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and thin pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this pink flower has curled petals, pink and white stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
flowers are alternately shaped,they are yellow in color
this flower is maroon with maron petals to and arranged one on top of each other along the stem
this flower has petals that a yellow, red and have many layers
this flower occurs in clusters and has pale yellow petals.
this flower has skinny maroon and yellow pedals with a maroon pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has tiny pink petals along with very large and long green leaves.
this flower has thick red stems holding pale and small yellow petals.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has ten elongated lavender petals and a three part stigma surmounting a large number of wavy stamen.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have thin purple filaments.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
this flower has very interesting purple petals with green leaves
a flower with long and curly pistils that are purple.
this flower has rounded purple petals and a frizzy, hairy fringe of purple above them.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
the flower is so big with light purple petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner below the disc of curly purple stamens
this flower is white, purple, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

white petals that become yellow in the middle surround a yellow stamen.
the flower shown has smooth white and yellow petals with green pedicel
the petals of the flower are white in color with yellow insides and green leaves.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in a disc like manner
this flower has petals which are yellow toward the middle but which gradually fade into white around the edges, with a small orange pistil.
this flower has five smooth overlapping white petals with rounded tips and pale yellow centers.
this flower has white tear drop shaped petals with a yellow inside and attached in a spiral pattern.
this flower has white and yellow petals that make a pinwheel
these flowers have white petals with a yellow middle and green leaves surrounding the base.

this flower is bright pink with a white outer color on its petal.
this flower has thick dark green leaves and big broad redish petals with white edges and short green stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red with green trim
this flower has green pistil and pink petals as its main features
this flower has very large and thick pink petals with an uneven white border and green stamen.
the pink petals of this flower have paler pink and white patches near the edges of the petals, all surrounding green stamen.
this flower has rounded pointy-tipped leaves of pink with pale green edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pistil.

this unique flower has a dense inside filled with stamen and purple petals.
the flower has petals that are bright magenta at the tips and white ate the middle.
this flower has a 17 point star pattern with violet leaves and a whole lot of stamens
the petals of the flower are maroon and the anthers of the flower are multiple in number and maroon in color.
this is a unique purple flower with leaves in the distance.
this flower has a layer of pointed purple petals with a large number of white and purple stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has spiked purple petals under a cluster of very thin, small purple blossoms.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
this flower is purple and white with some small flowers in the center.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
a small flower with white petals and tiny yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has small white rounded petals with a multicolor stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
this flower has small white petals that have a smooth texture and rounded edges.
the petals of the flower have a distinctive fan shape, and the stamens are various shades of yellow, pink, and white.
some small white star shaped flowers and a golden center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the petals on this flower are pink with red veins.
this flower has the simple whirl of purple petals shaded with the pink lines at the middle
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
a cluster of flowers with purple petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has petals that are pink with red lines
the flower has five light pink petals with dark red veins running through them.
the inside of the petals are a very light green, changing to a dark pink towards the top of the overlapping petals.
these flowers have pink petals with green stamen in the center of it.
this flower has five heart-shaped pink petals which are rounded white fuchsia veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple and yellow lines
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have stripes that are maroon.
this flower has a large, pink petal below three smaller pink and red petals.
the three petalos are pink and colored with brown stripes on the upper side
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple shading
this flower has four very distinct petals with different patterns, solid and striped.
this pink flower has three slightly pointed, oval, upper petals that are striped a dark pink, the lower petal is a solid color.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.
this petal has four broad petals opened wide, all pink with three petals striped with a dark pink.

the flower has purple petals with a green stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals which form a tube shape and have a rich indigo color.
this flower has petals that are blue with long style
a purple flower with bell shaped ruffled petals and a green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white style
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are blueish purple.
the purple petals are cupped shape and long on this flower.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
the bell shaped purple flower has fused petals that are supported by green sepals

this flower has dark purple petals that are curved downwards
this flower has droopy petals that are dark purple with pink dots on it.
once their weight is too great, the petals on this flower drop.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this exotic flower faces the ground with purple pedals that are dotted white.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
a flower with long pink petals that are spotted with white.
this flower has drooping dark purple petals with white spots.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and they are maroon colored with lighter white patches.

the flower is red in color with a long pedicel with leaves on it
the red flower has few petals, but a vibrant color.
this unusual red flower has fluttery rounded leaves.
this flower has red alternating petals and a green pedicel.
a off sided red petals together with a light green sepel around the base of the petals sits atop a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has smooth red petals attached to brown pedicels.
a flower that is bright red that is on a stem that is long.
this flower has very short green sepals underneath a couple of bright red petals that are wavy in shape.
this flower has red wavy petals and a dark green pedicel.

two long stems, with brown buds, and yellow flower petals.
these small flowers are pale yellow with a purple pedicel and purple sepal.
the flower has red petals and green sepal with yellow anther
this unique red flower has a waxy body with bright yellow flowers on the edges.
this flower is red and yellow in color with small petals, and red pedicel.
this flower has yellow and red petals and the pedicel is a reddish brown
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
a flower with small flower that are pale yellow.
this flower has a pink stem and tiny pink and yellow petals in a cone type of formation.
this flower has small red and yellow petals that point up

this is a dark blue flower with a green pistil.
the blue flower is bell shaped and has fused stamen and also the pistil is sticking out from the centre
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are curved out towards the edges.
this flower appears to have a singular dark purple petal that wraps all around the center of the flower.
this blue colored flower holds the bud like pistil at the center and has the dotted petals at the end
this flower has dark violet petals and a light green pistil
this flower has bright blue petals with smooth edges that are folded over and a tall yellow pistil.
this flower has a dark indigo shade and wide, rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green style
this flower is blue, and black in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thick overlapping petals with a yellow center and white edges.
this flower has five very smooth rounded white petals whose color gradates to bright yellow towards the flowers center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
a flower with twisted yellow and white petals sitting atop a red epedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
a white flower with round petals a reddish steam a yellow center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with yellow centers.
the petals of the flower are with and yellow in color and are attached to a branch.
the white petals flourishes the dark yellow pollen tube

this flower has a large orange petal with yellow anthers in the center
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
the petals are an orange hue with yellow stamen as well.
the flower has yellow anther and orange petals with green sepal
muted yellow petals with lengthwise striations surround a small field of yellow stamen.
this orange flower has pointed petals, yellow stamen and green sepals.
this flower has thick orange petals with a light yellow pistil.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are orange in color and the center is bright yellow in color.

the petals of this flower are a great withe. the stems have a slight green mixed in.
this flower has thin pointy white petals and wild stamens
the many think white petals of this flower encircle the many white pointy stamen.
light white and green flower with sepals that spread.
this white flower has thin petals that look pointed and small thin wispy stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has long thin white petals with green at the very tip.
the petals of this flower are long and white and the pedicel is green
this flower has long and very thin, pointy-tipped white petals with small white center blossoms.
this bloom has straight green petals and features large anthers on long pink filaments.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that have small stripes.
this flower has pink petals and one pink stigma in the center of it
the flower has bright pink petals with a pink pollen tube
this large flower has a large purple pollen tube surrounded by five large overlapping purple petals with rounded edges.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are pink in color
these pink flowers are round with five fan-shaped petals with pink stamen resting on a black receptacle.
this pink flower is small and has five slightly overlapping petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
a purple flower with ruffled purple petals and a purple pistil at it's center.
this flower has striped pink petals and a large light pink pistil.

this orange and black flower has ting black stamen and dark green sepal.
this flower has long pointed golden yellow petals and a dark colored circular pistil .
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around clustered stamens
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the long, golden petals surround a circular cluster of dark brown stamen.
the petals of this flower are long and yellow and the pistil is big and black
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has long tapered yellow petals around black stamen and a black pistil.
this flower has yellow petals with dark brown stamen in the center of it.

there are many broad flat red leaf-like petals on this flower. in the center there are multiple stamen for each flower that appear in small ball shapes.
the petals of the flower are alternatly shpaed and pnk in colopr with large yellow anthers
this flower has a bunch of red petals, and has gold colored stamen in the middle of it
the petals of the flowers are red in color and have anthers that are red in color.
this flower is hot pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this pink flower has pointed petals and green and yellow stamen with pink anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are dark red.
a bright red group of poinsettia with lime green balls in the center.

a delicate orange rose on a bed of leaves and a pedical
the petals in this flower are closed and have a mixture of peach and red in color, the stamen and stigma aren't visible, but sepal and pedicel are easy to see.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are wrapped together closely.
this folded up flower has thin orange and red petals wrapped into a bud.
the flower has a large bloom that is orange in color with yellow tips.
this flower has a spiral of smooth and rounded red leaves with pale orange edges.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red shadding
this flower has dusty green sepals sitting below multicolored orange and yellow petals wrapped tightly together.
this flower features a green pedicel and sepal with a orange and red petal on top.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
a flower with bright yellow petals and no visible pistils showing.
deep yellowish orange round smooth petals surrounding an orange pistil.
the flower has orange petals and no stamen or pistil is seen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and curly.
this flower has petals that are orange and are bunched together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this flower has golden yellow petals and a small green pedicel
this flower has very bright orange petals with a wavy texture in a loose ring arrangement.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has purple petals, deep purple anther and filament, and white stigma.
this flower features tangled looking dark stamens surrounded by purple toothed petals.
this pale purple colored flower has long petals forming a star-shaped corolla, deep purple colored filaments and anthers and stigma spotted white in the center.
this is a flower with pointed shaped purple petals.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has a pinwheel configuration consisting of pointed light purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has large pointy-tipped purple petals with a tissue-like texture.
this flower has petals that are purple and has black stamen
this large purple flower has petals in a star shape with curly stamen.

the petals are pinkish purple, the stament are pink and the anther are yellow.
this flower has pink petals with pink anther and yellow interior.
the outer petals are pink and purple with yellow near the middle.
the pink petals have purple streaks emanating from the yellow and green center, and pink stamen.
there are light pink petals, green leaves and yellow middle and anther.
the flower has purple and green stamen and purple and yellow petals.
the petal of this flower is pink and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has pink flowers with yellow and brown stripes running through the center petals, yellow anther filaments and pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower has pink filaments with yellow anthers and light pink petals with yellow markings.

the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are darker in some areas.
the flower shown has small orange petals with white pistil in the center
outer petals are rounded in shap[e and are yellow in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with a light orange shading
the petals on this flower are mostly orange, and white is the color of the stamen.
the flower has wide, flat, orange petals, smooth toward the center and curly at the edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this cluster of flowers has several petals with rough edges that range in shades of oranges, yellows, and reds.

this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a bunch of thick green petals and a lot of purple anther filaments
a flower with spiky greenish brown outer petals and purple stamen.
this flower has very this petals with a lush purple grouping of stamen.
a closed up flower with many narrow purple filliments on top
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this purple flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has very thick sepals with many contrasting purple stamen.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are curved upward.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

one large white petal that completely surrounds one pale yellow stigma.
this flower has wide white petals that fold back to open up to the middle which has a white pistil with a yellow tip.
this is an all-white pedal flower that has a yellow stigma protruding from the top.
the flower has a large round white petal which is very smooth
a white flower with its petals sticking together that has green sepal and has yellowish brown stamen inside it
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
this flower has round white petals and has a small style
a flower with connected petals that is white and curled outward.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has five conjoined soft white petals which curl softly outwards.

the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
the flower has many petals that are white, spiked and shaped like a sphere.
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are white and are very thin
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with spiky and long petals that are white.
this flower has a ball of spiky blossoms in green and pale lilac colors.
this rounded flower is spherical in shape with its needle like petals, and it paired with sharp holly like leaves

the flower has long petals that are yellow and have red stripes.
the flower shown has yellow and red petals which is its dominant feature
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines and an orange stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
a double row of thorn shaped bright yellow and red pedals surrounding a yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower formulates a distinctive pattern at the base of the petals.
this flower has upturned pointed yellow petals with vertical red stripes.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are striped in the center.

this flower has a white round petal as its main feature
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are circle in shape.
the flower is white with fused petal and has small bunch of stamen in the centre
the flower has petals that are white with yellow center and white filament.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow near the middle
this flower has white fluted petals, white stamen, and a small yellow center.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with a wide petal that is connected and white with yellow center.

this flower has a large light purple purple petal that surround that pistol and gets darker at the base.
the flower shown has light purple petals with white pistil
this purple flower has continuous petal that surrounds purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are all connected to each other.
these flowers are a beautiful color with overlapping petals and leaves.
flower with light purple petals around a long narrow base with a long narrow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has a funnel-shaped petal with light pink coloring and a dark pink ovary.

this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and connected.
the petals on this flower are a pinkish color and white near the stamen.
the flower has pink and white petals as well as green sepal and pedicel
a flower with purple petals and white stigma.
the base of the petals are white, and the anther in the center has yellow ending.
a flower with purple petals and green pedicel.
this flower has pink petals that has a bit of white in the middle
this flower has a green stem, and pink and white petals,the center of the petals is white.
the petals of the flower are wide, and formulate a fan like shape, and is a bold pink color.
this flower has one purple petal that encompasses the entire flower, with a pollen tube in the center.

this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
the red petals of the flower are and are star shaped .
a red pedaled flower with a small gold center for stigma.
the flower shown has several red petals and a green center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green stamen
large red petals with dominate veins surrounding a yellow stigma and a green stamen.
this flower has wide red leaves with veins and tapered, pointed edges.
the flower has many large velvety red petals surrounding newly formed buds.

this flower has multiple layers of periwinkle blue pointed petals with a center area of curvy light green stamen.
light blue petals green middle and green leaves
this flower has light blue petals that end in a point with green stamen in the center.
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
this flower has thick, curvy green pistils atop a few flat layers of blue pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower has layers of long pointed petals and green filaments.
a purple flower with many green stamen stringing from it's center.
this flower has large blue petals and a green pistil.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower's petals are bright pink and it has long thin filaments protruding.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
the flower shown has pink petals, and several pink stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this beautiful flower has 5 hot pink petals that are slightly darker towards the center, and has a series of dark pink spots in the center, with dark pink stamens and black small anthers, it has a larger thin stigma that is dark pink at the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five large, long pink petals whose edges are slightly curled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen

the flower shown has bright pink petals with green sepal as well
the petals on this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are pink and verythin
the flower is not blooming, and has petals arranged along the stem.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are symmetrically aligned.
the sepals are green and pointed and the petals are bright fuchsia and cone-shaped.
a long bright purple flower resembling a peacock feather.
this flower has many tall, thin green leaves and a very large pink petal consisting of ascending layers.
this flower has petals that are pink and are closed together

this flower has petals that are red with a small stamen
the petals of the leaves are red in color and have leaves that are green in color.
pedicela re dark green in color,flowers are red in color and capsule in shape
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this bright neon red flower draws the eye with its beautiful petal and stem.
the petals of this flower are deep red and the stamens are the same red color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are red and has a pink center
this bright red flower has wide petals with a little bit of pink on the inside.

four papery pure white petals surround a center of many yellow stamen.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by five large ruffled white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled in appearance.
ruffled white petals are arranged singly around a central yellow-orange stamen.
a flower with billowing white petals and a central cluster of tightly packed yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals, with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a buhsy stamen
this flower has frilly bright white petals with a orangish yellow center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are wrinkly and white.
this flower has a thick yellow center surrounded by large, very ruffled white petals.

this flower has petals that are white with pink tips and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white with pink tips and many yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
petals are white pink in color and are rounded in shape,stamens are many and yellow in color
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and white petals with pink edges.
this flower has white petals with faint pink edges and yellow stamen with a wide yellow pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
the flower has pink, overlapping petals and no visible pistil.
this peach flower has soft petals that hold tight to themselves at the center with dark green leaves .
the petals of the flowers fold inward and are peach in color.
a large pink flower with green leaves around the flower.
peach colored pedals that are opened up on the outside wrapping tighter the closer you get to the stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the petals are a creamy orange color and overlap into many layers.
this flower has a spiral of large pink petals with smooth, slightly curling edges.

the petals of this flower are peach with a long stigma
the flower has large translucent orange petals with dark green sepals.
the petals on this flower actually look like fall leaves, being an orangish color and they surround what appear to be small, plain cream colored flowers
this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has an orange petal, green stamen, and white anthers on the top
this flower has pale pink petals and prominent white stigmas.
the pointed petals are coral orange with dark brown veins and the stigma is white.
this flower has translucent peach colored leaves and tiny white blossoms.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma

this flower has petals that are red with a tan stamen.
leaves are green,one larger red colored petal with a prominent pistil
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow styles
the flower has one large waxy petals that is red.
a flower with one petal that is wrapped around the pollen tube and is red.
this flower has a shiny red petal and a long yellow anther.
these flowers have glossy red petals and long thick stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
a flower with a large ribbed purple petal and towering purple pistil.
this flower has thick stamen surrounded by several large pointed purple petals with leaflike veins.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are large and pink with yellow anthers.
this flower has very pale purple leaves with veins and pointed tips and small white blooms.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple.
this flower has large leaf shaped pink petals surrounding a pink and green pistil.

the flower has green pollen tubes with thick purple sepal
this flower has long pink petals and a lot of purple stamen and a green stigma
this flower is white, pink and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with long purple steman
the outer petals ar green in color and the inner petals are dark pink in color
this flower is pink, white, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this is a purple and white flower that has long oval-shaped petals and thin dark purple shaped petals with a long star-shaped pistil.
this flower has white sepals, light pink petals, and blue filaments.
this flower has rounded purple and green petals under a fringe of darker purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stringy stamen

this is a bright colored purple flower with a white stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are very small.
the flowers has external purple petals, with white tiny flowers in the center?
a tiny flower with white petals and purple leaves shown.
this flower has two types of leaves, in pale green and purple, with tiny white flowers with many petals.
a purple flower with large floppy petals and small flower sprouting from them with small white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stigma
this flower has purple petals with darker purple veins and little yellow filament.
three vibrant purple triangular petals surrounding tiny white trumpet shaped florets with no visible stamen or pistil.
three purple petals are arranged around a white stamen in this flower.

the flower has large white petals that are crinkled on the edges.
this star-like flower has white petals with a yellow center and a green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this pretty white flower has overlapping petals that blend seamlessly together.
this flower has five conjoined petals with ruffling in the edges and green central veins.
this flower has white petals with crinkled edges that make a trumpet-like shape.
a flower with connected petals that are white.
this flower has pink petals that have green lines in the center
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.

this is a large pale pink flower with a dark brown center.
this flower has a wide pink and brown center surrounded by layers of long white petals.
the flower shown has small white petals which are its main feature
the flower has many oval shaped petals that rae light pink in color with lager anthers that are maroon in color
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen
the flower has multiple rows of pink or yellow pedals surrounding a bright ping stamen.
this flower has a few rows of light pink oblong petals.
these flowers have many white petals with brown stamen in the center of them.
this flower has a dark center and contains many petals that have a rounded edge and can vary in pale color between flowers.

the flower has several thin and oblong pink petals, with a large center of dark orange pistils.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and have a brown middle.
this flower is pink and brown in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has long pink petals with a wavy edge and a dark brown pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with black stigma
this flower has a large brownish pistil with 16 long narrow pink petals surrounding it.
this flower has a round brown center and thin pink petals which have tapered tips.
this flower has pink petals and has many red stamen
this light pink flowers has long and thin petals and a large, brown pistil.
this flower has thin pink petals with a full round scarlet stamen.

this flower has about twenty somewhat oval petals and each petal is a bright orange with a reddish streak down the middle of each petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has bright yellow and brown colors on its petals with a yellow anther.
the petals of this flower are yellow and brown with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower has a single layer of bright yellow pointed petals with a red center stripe in a ray formation.
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has a round yellow center and yellow petals with vertical red stripes.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are striped down the center.

the flower shown has purple and white pistil with purple petals
this light purple flower has narrow pointed petals bursting with stamen that have tiny anthers.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the stamen are many with largher white nthers
this flower has petals that are white with long stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with oval shaped petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
there are multiple stamen all protruding long,spiky filaments which are surrounded by long, thin petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a flowery stamen
the petals of this flower are long and white and the pedicel is long and green

the petals are pink in color and the stamen is seen and the pistil too.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink and white petals and several yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big yellow style
this flower has a large yellow stamen and white petals with pink tips.
this flower has a tall, thick green pistil atop a flat layer of yellow stamen surrounded by layers of white and pink petals.
large flower petals that are white and purple open up to show the yellow ovary style and mushroom like stigma.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.

the leaves are green in color,the petals are larger and broader
this flower has petals that are pink with with a yellow center
this flower has long, very thin pale purple petals with ruffles along their edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
a few large, long pink petals jut out at strange angles and the bottom-most petal is vertically folded over on itself with a deep pink center.
this flower has bright pink petals in varying shapes with crinkled edges.
a velvet flower with a faint white stripe and a red spot.
these flowers are purple and pink and the petals have jagged edges.
this pink flower has toothed pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shades

large flower with light peach color petals,and green pedicels.
the flower has paper like yellow and white petals with green sepal
the flower has petals of a little orange hue with white stamen.
the cream colored flower petals on this plant curl up to hide the black stamen inside of them.
this lush flower features cool light-yellow petals and large, open interior.
this flower has soft yellow petals attached to a long green pedicel.
this flower is peach in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower has long, cream petals that curl up and down.
the flower has creamy beige colored petals with white anthers.

this flower is shiny red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
alternating leaves are oblong and red and white, surrounding a pistil that merges in color with them.
this flower has multiple layers of shiny red petals around the stamen.
the flower shown has red petals which are its main feature
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the flower has multiple layers of pointy red pedals surrounding red with white tip stamen.
this flower has vertical layers of thick and very pointed, shiny red petals.
the petals of this flower are shiny red and pink, the petals closest to the center are the smallest and become larger the further they are from the center.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.

this is a flower with ruffled petals that are dark purple and white.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and uneven.
the flower is star shaped and has violet petals with stamens in the centre
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with white shadingf
white and purple flower with white stamen in center.
a purple flower with white filament and anther and the leaves are green
this flower has five large rounded pale purple petals with ruffled edges.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has five broad frilly petals that are purple and white.

the flower has purple petals which look very smooth and frail
the flower has pink petals with a light yellow center.
the lavender petals on this flower lay in a circular shape, overlapping each other.
this flower is bright pink in color, and has petals that are thin.
soft delicate pink flower, looks like a dancer.
very light petals with a very small center, the light purple is accentuated by the green around it.
this flower is very light pink, with yellow stamen and a white pistil in the center.
the petals of this flower is very light purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals of light purple veined with darker purple.
this flower has five lavender fan shaped petals surrounding the yellow stamen.

the flower is pink with its petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of sepal
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower hangs upside-down, and has pale pink petals that are dark pink near the center.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
the flower shown has white petals with dark purple pedicel
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are curved upward.
this flower has a light pink petal with some purple around the base of the petal.
this flower has white petals that have a purple center on them
this flower has pale pink petals with pointed tips which angle backwards.
a flower with long petals that are light purple with dark purple centers.

this flower has petals that are orange with orange stamen.
this pale orange flower has yellow/orange stigma with matching stamen.
this light orange flower has rounded petals and orange stamen.
the flower has big yellow petals and yellow and black stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded and ruffled.
this particular flower has petals that are orange and round
this flower has bright orange petals with a wrinkled texture and rounded edges arranged in an overlapping ring.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stigma
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange stamen.

the flower is white with fused petal that is soft, smooth and arranged in disc like shape around stamens
flower has petals that are white with small white points and white stigma.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are circular in shape.
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow center.
this flower has white petals, a yellow pistil, and green leaves.
this flower is almost a perfect circle in shape and a white petals and light yellow stamen.
this flower appears to have a single circular petal which small points around the edge, creases in the petal and a small, yellow stamen visible in the center.
a flower that has a connected petal that is white.
this white flower has a single round petal with points.
this flower has petals that are white and has spots of yellow

these flowers have radial layers of orange petals and no visible stamens.
the flower has petals that are so dense in the centre and gradually getting loose at the borders and they are pink in color
a large amount of petal on a bed of leaves that is pale pink
this flower has dozens of small,spade-shaped pedals that range in color from yellow to dark pink.
this flower has numerous overlapping layers of slightly tapered peach and yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has peach petals as well as a peach stamen.
the flower has many small orange petals that completely hide the pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this pink and gold flower has many densely layered petals and green sepals.

the flower has a set of very lightly colored purple petals.
this flower has delicate, slightly overlapping petals with rounded edges in a pale purple hue.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven at the edges.
the flower has a purple petal with a green sepal and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple and are layered
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has large pale purple petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin.
this purple petaled flower is on a thin pedicel with a brownish green sepal.
this is a light purplish pink blossom with one layer of thin petals.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy in appearance.
this flower has a small amount of large bright red petals.
this is a large flower with four red petals on it.
this flower has petals that are red with a green and red stigma
the flower is red with petals that are red, soft, smooth and arranged separately around the stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are red.
this red orange flower has rounded petals, a light green pedicel, and a lime green pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has orange petals as well as a purple stamen.

the flower has large bright red petals with a red pedicel.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has red petals that grow upwards and are rounded at the edge
the flowers has a very brightly red colored petals that looks like deflated balloon pieces.
these flower have bright red and pink petals with a brownish red stem.
this flower has oblong and upward facing bright red petals on a darker red stem.
these delicate pink flowers are flat on the bottom, making perfect flat circles at the bottom, as the stem comes out from the side.
this flower has petals that are red and has black center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals oval shaped.
this flower has red petals as well as a red pedicel.

these large pink flowers have white tubular centers.
the flower shown has pink petals and is white on the inside.
the petals of the flower are bright pink and the inside of the flower is pale yellow.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that arewavy.
these flowers feature large pink and white petals and a lighter, yellow-based center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has five large, wide petals whose ruffled edges are bright pink.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
the petals on this flower are mostly pink and purple with yellow inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center

the white flower has large white petals with yellow tipped stamen.
the flower is white with petals that are thick, soft and has stamen sticking from the centre
the flower has a large bloom that is white in color.
this huge awesome flower has big petals and is purple and white in color
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
a flower with long and wide petals that curl backwards and are white.
this flower has white petals that fold down at the edges and has yellow stigma
this is a large white flower with a concave center and a few stems coming up from it
large white petals make up this large, flat flower complete with a small cluster of stamen of the same color.
the white flower is in a shallow bed of leaves and has a yellow stamin.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the flower's white petals are downturned and resemble a pentagon with no prominent stigma.
a white lacey pedal with a star shaped center pattern, stemming from a green vine.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
this is a white trumpet shaped flower with green in the center.
the white flower has fused petal that is starting as a narrow tube from the green sepal and gradually flaring out forming star like shape
this flower has white petals and the pedicel is an olive green
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

the petals are purple and white, and are spiked outward like spines.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
the flowers features of the flower are similar and its yellow.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
this purple flower has pointy short petals and green sepal.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.
a flower with a large green ovule covered in many prickly purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and is very thin
this flower has spiky purple and white petals that form a sphere with no visible pistil or stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are dark purple

a white flower with petals that are soft, smooth, separated and surround the stamen in many layers
this flower has oval shaped white petals that face upwards, with long yellow stamen coming out of the receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white and bunched together
thick thalamus with layered white petals and yellowish filaments and green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a couple of white flowers with long pedals and a golden center.
this flower is white, yellow, and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by pointed, upturned white petals.

fiery reddish orange petals with yellow in their inner most centers where a yellow pistil peeks through.
a dark red petal flower with a dark yellow ovary
this flower has five large, rounded red petals, which are slightly ruffled.
this flower's petals are a deep reed, with a yellow center and a short pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded on the ends.
this flower has large bright red petals with a yellow ovary and stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
deep red ruffled petals surrounding a yellow receptacle and orange style/stigma
this flower has red petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has wide overlapping petals colored deep red, and yellow stamens.

this flower has dark petals that have a white anthers on it
this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this is a red flower with white anthers in the center.
red petals are the main feature of this flower with white stamen
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
the petals are red with slightly ruffled edges and the stamens are pale yellow.
this flower has short, thick white stamen and bright red petals that are arranged close together.
the flower shown has bright red petal small in shape with white anther in the center.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

the flower is white in the center and a bright purple color around the edges.
this flower has five slightly tapered, ruffled feathers of white surrounded by bright pink edges.
a flower with white and pink petals with darker pistils.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wilted and wavy.
these unusual flowers have white centers and red outsides.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this pink and white flower has wavy petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has red and white petals as well as a white stamen.
the flower consists of five white pedals edged in red with a large white stamen.
this flower has white interior petals with pink at the edges.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the flower petals are whit in color and rounded in shape with larger anthers
this flower has a large white petal and a white stigma in the middle
this flower has large, irregularly shaped white petals with smooth accents and yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are white with white stigma.
this flower has wide and very smooth white petals with yellow central accents.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
this flower has three white clam shaped petals and two elongated white petals.
this flower has smooth white petals of varied shapes and sizes.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and a dark green pedicel.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
leaves are green and spiky,the petals are purple in color with uyellow anthers
this flower has long and rugged light purple petals that get darker at the base.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow steman
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center.
this flower has l8 light purple petals and a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has eight petals that are purple in color with an inner stamen of yellow and green.
there are purple petals with jagged edges, they are long and narrow, with a yellow stamen.
yellow anther is surrounded by several wide pinkish purple petals
eight purple petals, darker at the center, lavender toward the edges, surround yellow stamen.

the flower shown has several layers of pink and white petals.
this is a flower with many pink and white petals onit.
light purple and white petals but green leaves yellow middle
this flower has petals that are pink with white patches
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are varying shades of both pink and white.
this flower has a combination of pink and orange colored petals.
this flower has petals that start with a red color at the base and fade into pink towards the edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with wavy petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and in a bell shape

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of upturned pink petals with white accents and pointed tips.
a water flower with light pink petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower has tiny white and purple petals as its main feature
this flower has purple petals as well as a white sepal.
this white and pink flower has many layers of pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has a pink sepal as well as pink and white petals that have a softly pointed tip.

delicated pink petals clumped on one green pedicel with small sepals.
a flower with three pink irregularly shaped petals that flare out in different directions.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this is a thick-stemmed flower with lovely pink shade with yellow at the very edge of the flower blossom and rippling in the petals.
this is a medium pink cluster of flowers forming a spike and each flower is uniquely shaped with a hint of yellow neat the throat and tongue.
this flower has wide and very pale pink petals which are ruffled in shape.
this flower has small pale pink petals and light green pedicels.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow patches
this flower has a large number of light pink petals that have irregular edges.

a flower with four large individual ribbed orange petals and white central stamen cluster.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and bright yellow in color
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has large orange petals and a white anther in the center
this orange flower has four veined petals and white anthers.
this flower has round and very small orange petals with tiny red veins.
this flower has four petals on it with a white pistil.
the flower has bright orange petals, the staman is a beige color.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has bright orange petals with dark orange stress throughout the small petals

the flower shown has blue petals to go along with green sepal
this flower has vibrant blue petals and a lighter center, held by green sepals.
this flower has several blue petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has bright blue, trumpet-shaped petals, with darker spots running along light lavender sections of the inner petals.
the petals of the flower are blue while the sepals of the flower are green in color.
this flower is blue, white, and black in color, and has petals that are spotted black on the inside.
this flower has large blue petals and a light green pedicel.
a flower with long petals that are curled outward and blue.
this flower has blue petals with green lines and forms a bell shape
the flower has long blue petals that have black dots.

the flower has petals that are drooping and burgundy with white dots.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has large red petals and no visible outer stamen on it
a big flower that has petals that are thick, smooth, separated and forming a bell shape and also the flower has white spots
this flower features thick purple and white dotted petals surrounding the ovary in a bell pattern.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are dropping downward.
this pink and dark red flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has dusty purple and white closed petals with a downward droop.
this flower has downward turned blossom that is purple in color with lots of white spots.

the flowers has a strange looking red petals that looks very similar to it's leaves.
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers and pointy ends
this flower has red petals and pistil as its main features
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower has orange small pointed petals attached to a green receptacle.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are red and is pointy at the ends
this flower has orange and red petals, red and white anther filaments and green leather textured leaves.
this flower has bright orange petals that are long with pointed tips.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a white and yellow star shaped flower with green sepal.
the flower has petals that are white, soft, smooth and separately arranged overlapping each other forming disc like shape
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has large white petals with yellow spots and no visible stamen
this flower has five very smooth, rounded yellow petals with white edges.
this flower has a five pointed star configuration of yellow and white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has five white, an yellow petals that appear to twist around each other.
these rounded, creamy-colored petals have a pinwheel-like look to them.

multiple bell-shaped flowers, blue with white ruffled edges, the ones at the bottom largest and the ones at the top not yet opened, cover a thick green stalk that is nestled among long, thin, grass-like leaves.
this flower shown has blue petals in the shapes of blueberries and a green pedicel
these unique flowers have blue bell shaped petals that cascade down a central core.
this flower has bright purple petals with a colored green pedecil.
a flower with a ton of purple bells hanging down.
the fruits of the flower are blue in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that bell shaped.
this flower has rounded bell-shaped blossoms with pursed white mouths.
the flower has a single, deep blue petal that has a ruffled, light blue edge.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together

the petals are a very stark and vivid white with a reddish stem.
this pale-petaled flower has a light-red stem and is constant throughout.
the flower petals are white and the stem is brown.
a flower with a long pedicel and with white long petals on everyside
a flower with white petals and dark red pedicel.
this flower has long white petals with a smooth texture atop a dark pink stem and pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and is folded upwards
this flower has pure white petals on a large light red stem.
this is a white flower with five petals that flex upward with no leaves.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.

this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have green leaves.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are small stars.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has star shaped purple petals that sit on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has small bright blue star-shaped blue petals that create a globe shape.
this flower has purple petals as well as a stamen.
the flower has very small blue petals in the ball shape formation.

this flower has petals that are red with hints of yellow
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
there is several individual flowers each are a orange pink petals.
the petals on this flower are orange with no visible stamen.
the pedicel and sepals of this flower are a bright, lush green, and its petals are pinkish-orange.
this flower has a dark green receptacle with orange flower buds.
this flower has a single stem with bunches of wavy peach colored petals.
a flower with long petals that are a coral color.
this flower has red, soft looking petals. there are many flowers connected to the pedicel and they all gradient to a soft yellow at the center of each.
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
the petals is pink and white with green leaves and green stems
a pink and white flower with a continuous petal and tiny stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with a patch of white
this flower has petals that are dark pink with white centers and white stamen.
this flower has a funnel-shaped large petal with rounded pink edges and white coloring near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow and white center
a purple and white star shaped flower with green center.
this flower has a rounded shape with wide pink petals and white centers.
this flower has large pink and white flowers with a slightly yellow center where the stamen are.

this small purple flower has several flat petals and white and purple stamen
this flower has dark purple peddles and white pistil with purple tips.
there are long, pointed magenta petals surrounding magenta stamen and white stigma supported by a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink with burgundy stamen.
this flower has pinkish purple stamen and petals, the petals are somewhat skinny and also have a few black lines going down the petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma
this flower has a purple pedicel, purple anther filaments, white stamen, and purple petals.
dark purple, narrow, pointed petals surround a rounded cluster of purple petals over white stamen.
this flower has purple petals with many purple stamen and a white ovary.

the flower has petals that are white and pale yellow with yellow stigma.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a white center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower is pale yellow and white curly petals.
fringed yellow flowers are arranged intricately around a central fringe.
this flower has wide white petals whose ruffled edges are pale yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled at the edges
this yellow flower has large ruffled yellow petals that are sparse at the base of the flower.
this flower has very large light yellow and white petals with curly edges.

this flower has pink petals and a large yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has a single shiny dark pink petal and white stamen.
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
this heart shaped flower has one single red petal and the tan stigma is at what would be the top of the heart.
this particular flower has petals that are red and sharp
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
this flower has a prominent thick yellow pistil and a large pink heart shaped petal.
this flower has a large red petal and a long white pistil.
this flower has a thick white stamen and shiny thick red petal with pointed tip.

this flower has thin drooping orange petals as its main feature.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have small berries in the center.
this exotic orange flowers petals grow upward and downward showing the white stamen.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are red with orange tips
this flower has small smooth rounded petals that are bright orange.
a red flower with red petals that are orange towards their edges.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are burnt orange.
this orange flower is characterized by its burnt orange colored petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow patches

this purple globe like flower has very tiny petals and a large number of prominent stigma.
this is a round purple flower with tiny purple petals.
this blue colored flower has the string like petals and the prominent pistil arranged in between the petals
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are star shaped.
the tiny, purple petals are star shaped and are clustered in a spherical ball.
this flower has a globe-like shape that consists of a large number of small bright blue petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and very thin
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are star shaped.
an abundance of small purple petals make up this rounded ball flower

a flower with concentrically folded yellow, red, and orange petals
this yellow flower has the overlapping petals shaded with orange at the top and has a row of green sepals
this flower grows on a single stalk and has large yellow and reddish orange petals.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of orange
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower is peach colored with red trim along the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
a golden and red flower with a rolled up wad in the center.
the petals of the nearly-closed rose are primarily yellow but have some orange coloring as well while the stamen is nearly yellow.

this is a small flower with white petals and yellow near the ovary.
a flower with white petals and light green pistils and anther filaments.
the flower has a single petal which is white in color.
a flower with a single open white petal and green stamen cluster
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
the ruffled, white petals have green stripes and form a vase shape around green stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals
this flower has a funnel shaped white petal with uneven edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.

the bright yellow flower has three petals per stem and three small stamen.
this flower has three broad pointed yellow petals and three pale pink anthers.
the alternating orange petals have many veins and yellow stigmas in the middle.
a flower with large yellow individual petals and reddish orange stamen
the flower has three yellow petals that surround three visible anther.
three curly yellow petals make up this specimen, with small round pistils in the center.
this orange flower has pointed petals and red stamen with pink anthers.
this flower has small yellow petals and a off-pink colored center.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen

this flower has the whirl of five petals which are white at the top and yellow at the bottom
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower is pale white and in the middle pale yellow
this flower has four white and yellow petals speard out flat
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower has smooth oblong petals that are white and yellow in color.
this flower has large white and yellow petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curved and curly.
this red and pink flowers are tightly clustered in a spike and each flower has its own tongue.
the flower has a bright red petal with spots of pink
this is a very bright flower with large pinkish red petals.
the fuschia petals of this flower look like the mouth of an animal, being divided mainly into to parts with the upper petal overlapping the lower petal.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals are deep magenta and look very smooth like velvet.
this light pink/red flower has two large outer petals, surrounding two smaller, tightly closed inner petals. the inner petals open towards the top outer petal, creating an opening.
this pink and red cluster of flowers are shaped like kisses.
this flower has many petals coming off of it, and is red in color.

the petals of the flower on the bottom are pink in color and the middle layer are stringy and white.
this flower has a layer of pink elongated pointed petals then a layer of long thread like protrusions and finally a center with a green star shaped protruding center.
flower with purple petals on the anterior side and thin filament like petals on the inner side and green style
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a firework shaped flower with long white stamen and long purple flower petals.
this flower has large purple petals underneath a fringe of white quills and thick green stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
this particular flower has petals that are purple and white and yellow
this flower has long white petals above and pink petals underneath.
this flower has pink petals, white filaments, and large yellow stamen.

stamens are many with larger green anthers ,petals are light blue in color
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
this flower shows many white tinted petals and green stamen
a flower with light blue petals and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
there are two layers of marbled blue and white pointed petals in a star shaped pattern with green stamens, stigma, and pistol in the center.
the flower has light blue petals and light green stamen.
this flower has thick green stamen and wide blue petals with pointed tips.

this is a flower with many long and skinny yellow petals.
this flower has small yellow petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are small and skinny.
this flower has long yellow petals with a long green stem
a small yellow flower with yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals arranged in a ring.
this has a strong grey green pedicel with light yellow and white leaves and a deeper yellow pollen center.
this flower has yellow petals and the pedicel is a dark green
this yellow flower has long pointed petals with an abundance of yellow stamen.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and multicolored.
the petals of the flower are trimmed in white and have insides that are yellow in color.
this plant's flowers twist open to display thick, white petals with a delicate yellow middle.
this flower has a dual colored petal where the outside is white and the inside is yellow.
this flower has large rounded petals that start out yellow and merge towards white on the outside.
this is a white flower that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white tips
a simple flower with five overlapping yellow-to-white petals, in multiple flower clumps.
the petals of the flower create a heart like shape in the center, and white tips of the petals.

this is a flower with upward pointing petals that are yellow on the bottom and orange on the top.
this flower has long curved petals with light green on bottom of petal and deep orange on top.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are upright with yellow centers, peach tips, yellow anthers and green filaments.
the flower petals are orange and yellow, that face up and the stamen face down.
this flower has long, thin orange petals with ruffled yellow edges.
this flower has yellow and orange petals that are long and thin and curling away from the stamen.
long, individual orange and yellow petals stand upright in the center of this flower.
this flower has orange petals with green around the edges
this flower has petals which are yellow near the middle of the flower and red-orange further away from the middle.

this smaller flower of four orange petals with tiny red stripes has a small cluster of yellow stamen at it's core.
this small flower has several smooth orange petals with round edges.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
this flower has ruffled orange petals which are veined like leaves.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has four orange petals and a tan pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of red
the white stamen on this flower are surrounded by dull yellow petals.
the white stamen on this flower are surrounded by dull yellow petals.

the star shaped pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has stamens sticking out from the centre
this flower has petals that are pink with purple spots and pink stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
this delicate flowers pink leaves resemble a start and has long pink stamens.
a few pink and purple flowers with long pink stigmas.
this flower has pink petals that have red dots on them
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this pink and dark red flower has pointed petals and pink and brown stamen.
these flowers have soft pink petals with red spots on them.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this is a pink flower with separated petals and green stems.
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and wavy.
this flower has ruffled pink petals that fold upwards together
this pink flower has clusters of leaves on each green stem.
a flower with purple petals and green leaves and stem.
the pedals are wide and oval shaped with a light purple appearance and white edging

this flower has large pink petals with slightly ruffled edges and accents of darker red.
the petals on this flower are purple with brown spots.
this flower has a bright pink color with dark purple lines on its petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with dark lines
this flower has pale ruffled pink petals with markings of dark red.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has pink petals that have small red lines on them
a flower with long and narrow petals that is a light purple with specks.
this is a pink flower with brown spots on its petals.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
the flower has a red colored set of petals as well as its stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the flower has red petals with red anther and filament located in the center
this flower has a lot of red petals and one stigma in the center of it
the petals of the flower are a bold red color, and the leaves have a slight curve.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has small clusters of red blossoms whose petals are rounded and smooth.
this flower has numerous little red flowers with rounded petals on a single stem.
this flower has small red petals that are bunched together

the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
the petals are layered and curled outward and pinkish-red in color and the stamen is also red.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
this pink flower has many densely layered rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this is a hot and vibrant pink rose with hints of light pink throughout its petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched and curled.
this flower has pink petals that are layered and crumpled at the edges
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright pink.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright pink.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower has a large red petal with yellow and black stamen and a green pedicel
red veined petals that are intertwined with yellow style and stigma is red.
the pretty flower has large pink petals that wrap around is yellow center.
this flower has large red petals, and a lot of yellow anthers in it
this flower has red petals that overlap each other and a stigma in the center that looks to have anthers at the tip.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a yellow stamen with yellow and black anthers.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are shiny and have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink and curled.

this flower has a white pistil with large yellow petals
this is a flower with yellow ruffled petals and a white stigma.
a broad yellow flower with yellow floppy petals and floppy white stigma.
this flower has petals that are ywlloe with white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
a group of dull yellow flowers with a long white stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has massive, yellow petals surrounding white stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are very light yellow.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
there are five petals on this flower which are a pale pink that shades to a dark pink on the outer edges.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have dark green leaves.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has five large, wide petals with rounded edges in graduated shades of pink.
this is a pink flower that turns white and light pink toward the receptacle.
there are several pink petals which get darker in color on the rounded edge of the petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
the petals of the flower are a bright pink near the tip, and shades of white through the center to the base of the petal
this flower has a yellow ovary and white petals with pink edges.

these flowers is white and yellow in color and looks like rubber
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a yellow inside.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shapd.
this flower has large white petals with a light yellow center.
this flower has five smooth oblong petals that are yellow and white in color.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five very smooth rounded white petals with yellow centers.

this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
the leaves are green in color, has one petal that is light pink in color
this flower has purple petals with no visible stamen in the center
the center of the flower is pink and has lavender petals on each side.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the exotic hot pink flower has light purple blooms.
the petals of this flower are pink and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has a vertical chevron of bright pink with purple petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple pistil.

this flower contains large pink and white variegated petals surrounding a small ovary with pink stamens.
this is a pink flower with large petals and yellow pollen tubes
the flower is pink in color and the petals are very large.
this flower has large light-pink petals and a unique pistil at its core.
the flower had a large bloom that is pink in color and a pistil that is pink.
a pink and white flower with a deep stigma in center.
a flower with long and wide petals that is pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower has a single layer of smooth pink petals with white accents through out the petals.
this flower has pink wrinkled petals and light pink anther.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower is violet with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pistill
this flower has purple petals, orange stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has rounded purple petals that curl at the end and yellow stamen.
the flower has purple colored petals and bright gold stamens.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen

blade like leaves and flower made of three slender petals, two frilly petals and one tube petal with nectar guides.
this strange flower features white petals and a unique purple center off its stigma.
the flower has purple and yellow pollen tubes as well as white petals
a white and purple petal flower with a yellow ovary and green leaves
a small flower with white petals and a purple and white stigma.
a large white flower with a bell shaped pedal in the center that has a purple and yellow inside.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple and yellow patches
this flower has wide and very smooth white petals with a ruffled purple and yellow mouth.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this white, purple, and yellow flower has two different shaped petals and green sepals.

this flower has one large pink petal and a very long and thick pistil.
this flower has a petal that is red and looks like a leaf.
the flower is orange with a red leaf at its bottom that is wide, stiff and supporting it
this flower contains a vibrant pink petal with a light pink stigma sticking out.
the pistil is very long, and it has one petal of a pink color underneath.
a flower with a wide petal that wraps around the pollen tube and is red.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower has a tall orange pistil and a single pink petal.
a pink flower with one large petal with a very long corn cob shaped pistil.
this flower has a thick stamen wrapped in a thick pink petal with pointed tip.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this dark orange flower has large and sparse petals with smooth edges.
this flower has large red petals as its main feature
the petals on this flower are large and red with no visible pistil
this flower has large bright red petals with slightly uneven edges.
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled at the edges
this flower has four large red petals that curl at the edges.
this flower has several red petals, with ruffled edges, protruding in seemingly random directions.
this flower has large red petals and white stamens.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and bunched together.
the flower is yellow in color with small needle shaped petals arranged closly together
this bright yellow flower has several rows of petals that almost completely obscure the pistil and stamen.
this bright yellow flower has a abundance of petals
this bright yellow flower has many small, thin and long petals.
very thin yellow petals surround this small flower which also has a green sepal.
this flower has thin yellow petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
there are many yellow petals with a very small pollen tube.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
outer petals are light red in color inner petals are smaler and are whit in color
this flower has pink and green petals along with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with dark imprint lines
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
the petals on this flower are dark pink and the pedicel is short and green
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are red and green.
this flower has petals that are red and has dark lines
this flower has thick leaf-like pink petals with veins and pointed tips.

the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this dome shaped flower has a fringe of multiple hairlike yellow petals which are short and very thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
whats so cool about this flower is its rich and brightly colored yellow petals.
petals are needle shaped and are yeklow in color
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals layered together in rings.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
yellow flower with lots of little petals and long stem.
this flower has a lot of long yellow petals in a puff shape.

the flower shown has blue colored petals which are its dominant feature
the flower has five petals and the stamen are very short.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are blue with white stamen
this blue flower has a simple row of five petals and a pistil surrounded by five stamens at the middle
this flower has blue petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has a slight star shape with pointed tips and deep purple veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
the flower has white stamen and oval blue colored petals.
this flower has a star-like shape with bright blue petals that are veined.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow pistil.
this flower has white color and sparse petals accompanied by a large yellow pastil.
this is a flower with large white spade shaped petals and a rigid looking stamen.
this flower has mostly white petals with a little bit of yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has wide, very smooth white petals and a pale yellow mouth.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has large white petals and a pale yellow center.

a flower with large purple rounded petals with a darker purple central opening.
the flower has a thin purple petal that gets darker in the center
this large flower has five wide, overlapping purple petals with rounded and slightly ruffled edges
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wrinkled.
the petals on this flower are a bright purple color with no visible stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
this purple color flower has petals arranged alternately and fused in the centre
this flower has petals that are green and has white shading
what a beautiful lavender flower with plush petals that form into a star shape.
this flower has wide pale purple petals with a ruffled texture.

this flower has petals that are purple with a ruffled texture
this flower has purple petals and white pistil as its main features
this is a frilly and delicate trumpet shaped purple flower.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
the flower has a tight ring of purple petals with its pistil well hidden.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals are purple and have a wrinkled texture and the sepals are dark green.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a black cneter
this flower has a funnel-like shape with light purple petals and a crinkled texture.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has tall pink petals and no visible stamen on the outside
this flower has petals that are pink and fold together
this flower has bright pink petals, closely clustered, that stand upright from the stem.
this flower has very smooth pink petals with rounded edges which point upwards.
this flower has bright pink petals in an upright position with slightly pointed tips.
this flower has hot pink petals that extend upwards with a dark brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and have purple in the center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
bright red delicate blossoms that sit atop long dark stems.

this round flower has a fringe of many layers of hairlike very thin yellow petals.
this flower has many long, thin yellow petals and long yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flower has thin long petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has dozens of thin yellow petals extending upwards from its center.
this flower has skinny yellow petals with many yellow anthers.
this flower has yellow petals that are stringy and ruffled together
this vibrant yellow flower has many small smooth petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with very thin petals.

this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy.
the petals on this flower are red surrounding red stamen.
this flower has a large red flower with one lone anther filament
this flower has petals that are red with small yellow stamen
the flower shown has a red petal with green pedicel
this flower has red petals that are ruffled at the edges
a red funnel like shaped flower attached to green steams.
this flower has bright, uniformly red petals with a white center and a green stigma.
this flower has a funnel-like shape with bright pink petals and smooth edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright red colored.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy and layered.
this is a flower that has white petals near the center and pink petals around the edge.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
this flower has many overlapping rows of pinkish white petals with small, yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded and layered on top of each other.
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pistil is golden yellow
this flower has layers of delicate, round white petals which fade to a pale pink at the outside.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

sepals are green incolor,the oetals are white and oink in color
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a thick wooden stem.
the simple row of double colored petals holds the stamen at the center
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges only.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has five rounded petals that are white with bright pink edges.
this flower has a group of stamen that is contained down in the middle of five petals that are white in the centers and bright pink around the edges.
a flower with purple petals that are pink around their edges.

this flower has white pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
these dark yellow flowers grow together in a bunch and have white stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has the orange petals with the short white stamens at the center
this flower has petals that are yellow with shades of orange
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and very ruffled.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this plant has a clump of flowers with yellow petals and white anthers.
this flower has small yellow petals with rounded edges and green stamen in the center of it.

this flower has large red petals that are stacked onto one another
this flower consists of a pillar of rows of small burgundy sepals with pale yellow blooms pointing out the sides.
this plant has a long and slender pedicel and receptacle with several yellow flower buds growing around it.
this flower is red andyellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has yellow petals on brown sepal.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a maroon pedicel.
the petals are delicate and pale yellow and the pedicel is burgundy.
this flower is yellow and brown in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
the flower is layered and is red in color with yellow blooms and green leaves.

this flower has petals that are pink with many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with layers and yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple on the tips and turn white closer to the pistil.
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower has a wide yellow pistil and layers of oblong pink petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.

this flower features thick yellow stamens surrounded by four layers of pinkish white petals.
the flower has petals that are pointed and pale pink with golden stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower has pointy pink oval petals that point upwards with short fat yellow stamen coming out of the ovule.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has beautiful pink petals and the pistils are bright yellow
there are several layers of light pink pointed petals surrounding vibrant yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple rows of elongated pointy petals that are pink on the inside white on the outside.
this flower has multiple layers of light pink petals with pointed edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this five petal flower is primarily white with petals that slightly overlap in the center and are reddish orange at the very center which is followed by yellow then white at the tips.
the flowers are bright in color with petals that are white with yellow detailing in the center.
each of the flower has five petals and a yellow shade on each of the petals
the flower has smooth white petals with yellow spots on the center
white and yellow spiraling petals make up the grouping of flowers which have visible orange stamen at their centers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a five petals in a spiraling star shape that have white edges and yellow bases.
a star shaped flower with 5 white petals that are yellow at their center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

the petals of the flower are red in color and have green stems.
the flower is red that is starting as a tube from the stamen and the petals are separated in the top region of the flower
this flower has petals that are red and in a bell shape
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are horn shaped and curled at the ends.
this bright orange petal flower has a large pedicel that is also orange.
this flower has petals that are red and have a bell shape
this flower has a long trumpet-shaped blossom whose large, round petals curl out from the mouth.
the petals of this flower are red and orange and the pedicel is green
this flower has red petals as well as a green pistil.
these flowers are trumpet shaped and its petals are red.

this flower has petals that are bright yellow with a yellow stigma.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with a big stigma
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the ovary.
this flower has bright yellow pedals and with a yellow, white and red pistil.
this flower has tall style with a bulbous stigma surrounded by a wheel of five rounded yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a flowery stamen
there are light yellow pedals and also a yellow pistil with a red tip.
this flower has yellow petals surrounding a long yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow and a long yellow pollen tube.

the pedicel on this flower is green with a star shaped pink petal
the leaves of the flower are red in color and have red filaments.
a large red petaled flower shaped like a star with a circle of small black filaments.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded at the edges.
this flower has red stamen surrounded by five large red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has five rounded red petals whose edges curve slightly.
five large round magenta petals surround the stamen with black anthers.
a flower with long and wide petals that are red and curled.
this flower has petals that are red and has red stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.

a flower with a single tubular white and black dotted petal and white stamen cluster
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside,.
white petals purple specs and inside white middle green leaves
this trumpet shaped white flower dotted with brown inside and has the stamens holding the yellow anthers at the middle
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
these flowers have bugle shaped petals with brown spots in the center of them.
this flower has white, bell shaped flowers that have dark spots resembling small dirty patches.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has many white bell shaped petals with dark spots on the inside.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower's many petals are bright orange and layered, and its pistil is the same color.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
this flower has many layered bright orange petals around orange stamen.
this flower has a round center with layers of orange petals with slightly serrated edges.
the bright orange petals are layered and encircle a cluster of orange stamen.
this flower is vibrant orange in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has a ray-like formation of layered oblong orange petals.

this flower has a yellow petal and green sepal and pedicel
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely together.
this flower has a nice fat yellow bulb and cool green leaves.
the pretty flower has yellow petals that wrap around each other.
this flower has large green sepals topped with layers of overlapping yellow petals.
this flower has bright yellow petals with light green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is ruffled together
the petals on this flower are mostly mustard yellow in color.
the vibrant yellow petals of the flower have curled edges, and a light shade of pink on some petal edges.
this flower has many rounded yellow petals folded around each other and a pointed green sepal.

this flower has four distinct clover shaped petals with yellow and orange color and orange filament at the center
this is a flower with four petals that are orange on the inside and yellow towards the edges.
this flower has four distinct yellow petals whose color gradates to orange in the center.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flowers are yellow along the edges and orange toward the inside.
this flower has four symmetrical petals that are bright yellow and orange.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with four petals and is small in size.
this flower has bright yellow petals leading to a bright orange center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange center
this flower has four petals that are yellow and turn orange closure to the pistol.

the petals of this flower are lavender with a short stigma
the flower has a weird looking set of petals that are mostly pink in color.
this flower has petals that are purple with a dark patch
this flower has a brown stem with pink pointed petals leaning upwards.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are darker at the bottom.
this flower is pink in color, with wavy and thin petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and have a purple center
this flower has light purple petals with dark purple centers and purple pedicel.
the flower has upward pointing, lavender colored petals protruding from an earthy-brown pedicel.
this flower has five large, light purple, spade-shaped petals surrounding a darker purple receptacle, with a thin, dark-red pedicel.

the flower shown has yellow and red coloring on its petals
the flower shown has orange and yellow blotchy petals as its main feature.
this flower has large pointed leaflike petals which are bright orange with yellow edges.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has rather large petals that are mostly red with a yellow boarder.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
yellow petals mottled with red tint, overlapping to reveal a yellow cone center.
this flower has brightly colored yellow and orange petals in a droopy arrangement.
the flower has greenish petals with large patches of red on them.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

peals are pink in color,with larger anthers that are drak pink
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the petals of this flower are pink with long stigmas
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has long pink petals and long pink stamen on it
this flower has purple stamen and pedals and a greenish red pedicel.
the light pink flower has individual long pedals that stand straight up and curl at the edges.
this flower has a brown pedicel, pink petals, and pink anther filaments.
this flower has long, pale pink petals which curl slightly outwards.
this flower has very long and curled petals that are a light rosy lavender color, and the filaments are the same color.

the petals are rounded and orange with yellow in the center and are centered around a yellow pistil.
this flower has several rounded overlapping petals of orange with yellow centers.
this brightly colored flower has a yellow center and vibrant orange outlying layer (of the petals).
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the flower has five petals that are yellow with orange edges.
this flower has orange petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower opens wide with petals of bright orange and bright yellow at the center.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has orange petals with a patch of yellow in the center
this flower has multicolored petals that are yellow near their base and orange around the edges.

the bright red flower features a pistil that is partially obscured.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
the flower has petals that are red with a white center.
the flower is made of a dark red bloom with a small yellow center.
this flower has bright red petals, a slight trumpet shape, and a yellow center.
the red petals are in the shape of a flat circle on the edges and form a vase around yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has a large funnel-shaped bright red petal with generally rounded edges and small white stamen.

some leaves are gren in color, others are light oink with some white patches
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with green edges
the filaments of the flower are bright green and the flowers are ovals with mostly red with light green edges all around the outside.
this flower has wide pointed pink leaves with veins and accents of pale green at the edges.
this flower has large, pointed, pink petals with pale green edges.
a flower with pink-green spade shaped petals that surround a leaf green stamen in the center
this flower has a tiny cluster of bulbous flowers and faded red leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges

this small blossom has five small petals, the lower is yellow, the middle two are white and the upper two are violet, there are dark violet stripes on the lower three petals.
the flowers has petals color purple, white and yellow, with purple stripes.
this flower has five smooth round petals in purple and white with yellow accents.
this flower is white yellow and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and white with black stripes
there is a dark yellow petal with dark purple stripes on the bottom with two pale yellow petals with dark purple stripes above, and two purple petals on top.
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped near the ovary.
the petals on this flower are golden yellow, white, purple, and have stripes on them
this flower has two petals that are blue and three that are white with a little bit of yellow and black stripes.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines

this flower has a wide center surrounded by several layers of pointed yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower has long skinny yellow petals and a group of brown anthers in the middle
the flower shown has layers of yellow petals and brown stamen.
this flower has yellow petals and has green and orange stamen
this flower is yellow and brown in color, with layered oval shaped petals.
this large flower ha many rows of yellow petals with a large center with many stamen.
this flower has a wide green center and layers of tapered yellow petals.
this flower has a packed ring of yellow petals and a brown ring for a stamen.

this small flower has bright purple jagged edged petals surrounding a pale purple series of stamens.
the pretty follower is purple and looks to have a lot of little flowers bunched together.
this flower has several purple petals that are bunched together to form a mound.
these small flowers all have purplish petals with small purple stamen.
these purple flowers grow very close to each other and they have very soft stamens.
this is a cluster of pinkish petals on a green stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and are bunched together
this flower has masses of tiny purple blossoms with a star shape and serrated edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
a small purple flower with ruffled violet petals and dark purple stamen at it's center.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are shiny.
this flower has petals that are shiny and red, with red stigma.
the petals are red and the stamen and pencils are not seen.
this flower has petals that are pink with pointy tips
the flower has long red petals that are shiny and waxed.
this flower has large spiky red petals which are flat and very thick.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has several layers
this flower has red petals as well as a pistil.
this bright red flower has uniquely shaped petals that spread outward in spoon-shaped layers with a hidden pistol deep in the center layers.

this flower has small yellow petals and a green pedicel as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded and thin.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and the stem is green.
this flower has yellow petals with a long green stem
this flower has four bright yellow petals with a cluster of yellow stamen around the ovule.
the small and yellow flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamen forming bowl like shape
the flower has a thin, delicate green pedicel, four slightly toothed golden petals, and a stamen that matches.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower is yellow and has four petals that point upwards.
this flower has four yellow petals, and yellow stamen on a thin green stem.

this flower has green pistil and red petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with green pedicel.
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red with small yellow stamen
a red flower with large petals that have points on the end.
this plant has bright red, football shaped petals of varying sizes, very similar in shape and texture to the dark green leaves.
this red flower has pointed petals, green sepals, and a green pedicel.
this flower has large, red petals and much smaller green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has short yellow stamen
this flower has sparse bright red petals with slightly pointed tips.

the flower has pink petals that are long and oval shaped.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple shading
a pink and white flower with green sepal and a brown pedicel.
pink flower with long wide petals spaced far apart and a darker pink stripe down the center of each petal.
this flower has a green sepal and light pink upright petals.
this pink and white flower has long pointed petals and green sepals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
a pink flower with a green sepal and the leaves are green and small
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded aprt

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and droopy.
a flower with purple and dark purple petals with yellow markings and no visible anther filaments.
this flower has long violet petals with ruffled edges surrounding smaller petals in deep purple.
this flower has a dark purple petal with a yellow stigma in the center
this flower has purple and yellow petals with a long pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple and yellow shading
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this purple, yellow, and white flowers has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has light purple petals with a darker purple petal at the center.

this flower's blue petals peel outward in a star shape and house a long, white stigma.
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovary.
the flower has a long pollen tube that is white colored and a blue petal.
this flower has petals that are blue with white stigma
this flower has petals that are dark blue with white stigma.
this flower is shaped like a star with blue petals that recess deeply.
this blue and black flower has pointed petals and a white stamen with white anthers.
this bright blue trumpet shaped blossom has a contrasting white stigma at the center.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green lines

this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
this flower has a bright pink petal with a few yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large blooms of pink, red, and white.
these flowers are pink and white with wide speard petals
the single large petal of this flower encases the yellow colored stamen.
this flower has wide and smooth petals in shades of white and red, with prominent veins.
half of these flowers have bright pink petals, with the other half having pure white petals.
these flowers have a pink or white petals with yellow anthers.
this flower has white petals with a shade of yellow in the center

this flower has noodle like petals that are dull pink.
a flower with white petals and squiggly pistils accompanied by large anther filaments.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a strange flower with purple petals and yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
this flower has long white petals with a wavy layer of filaments.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
the petals are thin and string with purple and white stripes and the filament are green with yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple string stamen
this flower has long white petals and a large white pistil.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has petals that are pink on the outer edge and yellow on the inside with pink spots.
the petals are orangish with a yellowish centre that is spotted. the stamen is yellow
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
the flower's petals are orange and red that are pointing in every direction.
this flower has a yellow petal with red spots in the middle of each petal and coral tip, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and yellow and has red dots
this flower is orange and red in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of orange petals with darker orange spots and a bit of yellow shading.
the petals of the flower are red and yellow in color with large green leaves.

these pale pink flowers are somewhat tube shaped with long purple stamen in the middle.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this is a flower with light pink petals and darker stigma.
a group of three pink flowers with the same color pollen tube.
these flowers have pink petals that are attached to a thick pedicel.
this flower has a trumpet shaped pink flower emerging in several places from a green stem.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
a light pink flower with large folded pink petals and light pink stamen.

the flower has several bright pink petals with yellow steman.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen.
red petals around a set of yellow pistils and stamen.
this flower has petals of hot pink and red around stamen of yellow.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are magenta and the pedicel is a dark purple
this flower has a couple of layers of bright pink petals.

the petals of the flower are pink in color with a dark pink base at the bottom.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are darker on the bottom.
this flower has light pink petals with a reddish color stem.
this flower has light purple petals and purple pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with dark pink centers.
this flower has a purple pedicel and light pink oblong petals in an upright position.
this flower has light purple petals and a dark purple pedicel.
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and a dark red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple shading
the petals of this flower are pink with dark pink tips and the pedicel is dark red

the flower has some purple or pink colored petals that looks very similar to leaves on the plant.
this flower has petals that are pink with long steman
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this plant has large pinkish purple leaves that are almost triangular in shape and tiny white flowers that have five white petals and a yellow pistil.
this pretty pink flower has petals that are shaped like leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
the petals of this flower are a bright pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has pink leaves surrounding small, white petals and magenta stamen.
this flower has red colored receptacles with very tiny white petals.

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged in different layers around stamens that has yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are bright pink with many yellow stamen.
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamen on it
this bright pink flower has many yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright pink petals, a light pink ovule, light pink stamen and yellow anther filaments.
this flower is made up of three rows of pink clam shaped petals that surround a bright yellow stamen.

long deep burgundy petals with smaller white oval petals on top.
the flower has white petals as well as yellow anther filaments
wide leaves outside that are purple and white sepals in the inside.
this white flower shows the long filaments and the anthers.
this flower has large pointed maroon petals underneath pure white petals with a flourish of yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a purple sepal.
this flower has white and purple petals that have yellow stamen
this flower has deep purple sepals with white petals and thin white and yellow stamens.
a flower with long and narrow petals that curl outward and are white.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this petals on this flower are pink and overlap many times.
the flower has large pink petals with brown tips.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has overlapping layers of wide pink petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled around the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow tips
this flower has bright pink petals with light pink tips and a layered, light green pediceil.
a pink flower with cup shaped pink petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has very big pink petals that have smooth rounded edges and they're arranged in tight layers.

this flower has petals that are yellow with dark spots
pointed yellow petals with a grey and red sepal and pedicel.
this flower has spiked large yellow petals that poke up to one side, and a long white pistil and pale green sepal that stretch out below the petals.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are pointed.
a bird shaped flower with long orange and yellow petals.
the flower has big yellow upright petals attached to a thick vine
this flower is orange and red in color, and has petals that are pointed.
this flower has thin orange petals that have red dots
the petals on this flower are mostly orange and yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color light purple.
this flower has a thick dusty green and pink pedicel that holds the tall, spiky orange petals.

this flower has a star-shaped yellow center with a narrow rim of white, surrounded by bright blue, ruffled petals.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
the flower shown has blue petals with yellow in the center.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow center
this is a blue flower with connected petals and yellow near the ovary.
this flower has vibrant blue petals and a seemingly short stem. the centers are a sunny yellow.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has big blue petals and the pistil is bright yellow
this is a blue flower with a yellow and white center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center

the oute petals are oval in shape,inner petals are rounded and yellow in color
two flowers with yellow petals and yellow pistils protruding out the middle.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has a bright yellow colored petals and even its stamen are of the same color.
this flower has a ruffled yellow tube surrounded by pointed yellow petals.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a larger outer layer and a smaller inner layer, with a pronounced pistil of the same color.
this flower has yellow petals that has form a bell shape
a flower with yellow petals that are pointed at the tips.
this is a bright yellow flower with a long yellow anther.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has bluish petal in a circle shape with small yellow stamen
this pale vile and white flower is made of conjoined petals which give it a star like trumpet shape.
whats so cool about this flower is starfish shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow center
this flower has a wide rounded trumpet shape in shades of white and pale blue.
this flower has a funnel-shaped petal that is very light blue with a smooth texture and yellow ovary.
this flower is light blue in color, and has petals that are lighter near the ovary.
the petals of the flower are light blue at the edges and turn yellow towards the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow center

the petals are yellow and intertwined and cover the center, hiding the pistil and stamen.
this bright yellow flower has not fully bloomed to show its full beauty.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has large yellow petals that fold in on each other and cover the center.
this is a bright yellow flower, with many rounded triangular, loosely packed petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is folded together
this yellow flower has large wide pedals and skinny green leaves
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has many layers of yellow clam shaped petals that are wrapped tighter closer to the pistil.
this flower has smooth yellow semi closed petals attached to a green sepal.

the are large, long and sharp purple petals with dark purple centers and yellow to red colored stamens.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a large flower with purple shades on petals with many purple green stamen.
this large purple flower has six long petals with dark purple stripes down the center of each petal.
the flower has long oval petals with ruffled edges that are purple.
the flower has seven oblong petals that are light purple on the edges and fade to a darker purple in the centers, which fan out from a green, spiky stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is pink and blue in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has long tapered purple petals with vertical stripes of fuchsia.
this flower has seven large pointed petals with a darker line down the middle.

the flower shown has red petals with red filament and anther as well
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower is pinkish red in color, with tight clusters of petals, and has many serrated leaves.
the flower has a patch of red petals that are square shaped.
this dark pink flower grows in large clusters, with green leaves and prominent stamen.
characterized by broad rosy peach colored petals with even larger broad leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the coral petals are clustered around small, coral colored stamen.
this flower has many heads grouped together with bright pink petals and stamen.
this flower has orange petals and a bright green pedicel

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has striped petals of lavender and white.
prominent yellow pistil with a larger stamen
this flower has petals that are white with purple lines
the flower has a beautiful striped colored petal with most of it in violet and white color.
this flower has purple petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has a yellow stamen surrounded by rounded white petals with purple veins.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has six clam shaped purple and white stripped petals.

the petals have two colors white and red, with many stamens in the center.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this color flower has petals that are multi colored and that color seems to leak into the them like they are from water color paints.
the pale green flower has an outer row of many small white and red petals and an inner rounded shaped stamen
this is a double flower with slender soft petals that are either white or a crimson in color surrounding a brown center.
this flower has olive color and burgundy layered petals with brown stamen in the inside of it.
the flower has several dozen white petals that have pink hues around their edges.
this flower has layers of long white petals with bright red accents.
this flower has petals that are red and has white shading
this flower has a ring of bright pink filaments surrounded by a few layers of pink and white petals.

this flower has long and pointy yellow petals and anthers and stamen that are red in color
the flower has a lot of yellow tipped petals with the color slowly changing to red towards the middle.
this flower has loves me, loves me not petals of yellow and bright orange with a center of brown stamen.
this flower is yellow, and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with small individual rounded yellow and red petals and central cluster of ragged purple stamen.
this flower has red petals with yellow tips and purple stamen
this flower has long yellow rounded petals, with a yellow stigma and red filaments.
this flower has overlapping rows of multicolored petals with yellow tips and pink near the center.
this small flower has petals that fade from red to orange to yellow.
this flower has long pink and yellow petals and a flat big stigma.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are shaped like a star in the center.
this flower has medium sized pale pink pointed petals with a white and green stamen.
a pale violet flower with three petals and an interior structure which appears to be another flower in itself.
this flower has petals that are pink with a flowery stigma
the flower has two color, purple and the inside is white.
circular white pistil sit in the center of this large purple flower.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stigma
this flower has pointed purple leaves with veins surrounding tiny center white blossoms.
this flower has a three part pink sepal with extremely small white petals.

the flower has petals that are bright pinkish purple with white stigma.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cup.
this is a tubular purple flower with stamen extending to the tip.
this flower features thin purple petals shaped as a bell surrounding thin green stamens.
this pink flower has a green sepal, a pinkish colored pedicel, and a cupped pistil.
a purple bell shaped large flower with dark purple lines and a green stigma.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple with a tube shape and green stamen.
this flower has small dark sepals and bright purple petals.
this flower has large cone-shaped purple petals and a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a bell shape

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has bright white petals with purple filaments and purple anthers.
this flower has wide rounded pale green petals and a hair-like fringe of purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has long light green petals under needle like lavender white and purple petals.
this flower has long light green petals under needle like lavender white and purple petals.
this flower has long light green petals under needle like lavender white and purple petals.

the flower is made of petals that are light pink in color and the center is red in color.
this flower has a pink petal that is pointed downwards, and a lot of red anthers in the middle
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by long, downturned purple petals.
this flower has pink petals that are narrow and an orange pistil.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has droopy pink petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a round brown mound and down-turned long pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red stamen
this flower has a single layer of purple ribbed petals in a ring around a disk-like center.

the flower shown has red petals and yellow pistil which are its main features
this waxy red flower has a heart shape and a long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
this flower is red and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a long yellow stamen and one red waxy petal.
high sheen red leaf like petal with a long yellow corn cobb stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a shiny, red, heart-shaped petal with a long, yellow stamen and green heart-shaped leaves.
this flower has a large thick yellow pistil with a large red petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style

the flower shown has red and orange petals along with white anther
orange flower with dark orange veining in petals
a cluster of small flowers, each with four or five petals of orange-yellow with red veins, and several cream-colored anthers.
the younger blooms are a bright red-orange, with the older blooms an orange-yellow, featuring purple buds and pristine white pistils.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are orange with veins.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
the petals on this flower are orange and dark orange and the pedicel is green
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped with veins.
tiny red veined orange round tipped petals folded back with whitish star-like stamen center.

this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple and yellow lines
the flower has pink petals with a pink and green stigma and purple pedicel.
this flower has three petals that are burgundy with yellow stripes, a single pale pink peal and pink stamen.
pedicel is brown in collor,petal;s are pink and brown in color
this flower has large, broad pink and white ovule, and light green and purple petals, a yellow stamen and white anther filament.
this flower has wide and very smooth pink and yellow petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
the flower has petals that are purple, green, deep purple, and has yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals multi colored.

this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are connected into one.
the flower is shaped like an octagan and is light blue in color with a white stamen.
large round flower with white and blue petals, deep throats with stigma and stamen
the flower shown has smooth white petals with a white pollen tube
this flower is white in color with pale blue lines in the middle of each petal.
the petals on this flower are white and have light blue stripes on them
this flower has petals that are white and has blue lines
these flowers have white petals with blue streaks on them and yellow stamen in the center of it.
the flowers petals are white with light blue highlights and a yellow stigma.
this flower is white with stripes of light blue around a pale yellow center.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow in the center
the flower has a beautifully shaped petals which is mostly white in color.
the flower shown has white petals, and several white stamen.
this flower has bright white petals with a yellow ovary and a white stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the white petals form a flat circle around tiny, white stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
a round large white flower with a small yellow stamen.

this flower has tall pointed yellow petals and a center pointed stamen that is blue.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are pointy.
bright yellow petals purple middle light green leaves
this flower has bright yellow petals which have very pointed tips and angle directly upwards.
this flower has five long sharp orange petals with a dark purple pistil.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
there is a brightly colored blue stigma that sprouts from pointed, yellow petals on this flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very thin
this flower has purple and yellow petals shaped like a birds head.
this flower has purple and yellow petals shaped like a birds head.

this flower has a large white petal with a large yellow stigma in the middle
the flower has a very large yellow pollen tube with a white petal
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
white petal with a long yellow pollen tube and big green sepals.
a single, large, flat white petal that completely surrounds a yellow, protruding pistil.
a flower with one long and wide petal that is light pink.
a large white funnel shape flower with a long yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow style
this flower has one large petal and a large yellow pistil
this flower has a large, curved white petal with a pale yellow pistil.

this flower has thin yellow and pink petals as its main feature.
pink and white petals with fringed edges are arranged around a prominent stigma.
this flower has white and pink petals and white pistil as its main features
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
this flower has large white petals that turn a light pink at the edges
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
the petals are ruffley and white with pink on the end and the pistil are long and thin.
this delicate flower has light pink and white petals and long white anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink edge
the flower has soft thin petals that are white and pink with wavy edges.

this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the flower has petals of a yellowish hue and no visible stamen.
this yellow and white flower has broad and green alternating leaves.
a bunch of off white bushy flowers with green leaves
the flower has yellow petals which are stacked on top of green sepal
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this flower has multiple yellow petals that are shaped up like a cone.
this flower has spikes of a pale yellow lifting upward from broad greenish blue leaves.
this flower has a cone shaped configuration made up of many small yellow petals.
the pistils are small and dispersed throughout the top among the plant, and are yellow in color.

this flower has long red petals with golden tips and red anthers in the middle
this flower has petals that are red with yellowtips
this flower has purple and yellow petals as its main feature
this flower has red petals with yellow tips and a red center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
the petals are bright yellow on the edges and bright pink towards the cluster of red stamens.
these flowers have red and yellow smooth petals with smooth edges.
this flower has multicolored petals that have red bodies and yellow tips in a ring configuration.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the tips.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are very thin.
a closed up flower with lavender petals and no visible pistils.
the petals of the flower are purple, with small curved pedicels.
this flower has petals that are pink with short stamen
this flower has a large pink petal and no visible stigma on it
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, fused and supported by yellowish green sepals on the top of green pedicel
this flower has petals of light lavender veined with darker lavender.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a satellite shape
a flower with long and thin petal that is light purple.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are uneven on the edges.
this small flower has four fan shaped yellow petals with smooth straight edges.
this flower is bright yellow with a lime green pedicel and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with small yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are bright yellow with yellow stamen.
a small flower with yellow petals and stamen and pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
the pedicel of this flower is green and the petals are golden yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the flower is so beautiful and small with petals that are soft, smooth and surround stamen in single layer forming bowl like shape

long slender light violet crinkly edged petals revealing a light purple filament and pale green anther.
these pink flowers have a spidery look to them with eerie petals looking like spider legs.
these small pink flowers have thin gauzy petals and long curved stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has a long pink petal with long pink stamen on it
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has long skinny stamen and sparsely arranged thin pink petals.
this flower has long pink petals and long pink stamens.
a flower with spider like petals that curl around the back towards it's pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

the flower shown has white and peach petals with green sepal
this flower is white and peach in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this is a flower with multiple rows of petals which are peach and white.
this flower has light pink petals and has no visible stigma
this flower has beautiful white petals along with peach colored stamen.
a large white and dull pink flower with fluffy pedals.
this flower has cream-colored petals, tinged with orange towards the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has many tightly arranged layers of lightly colored petals with a smooth texture and slightly curled edges.
this flower has petals that open in a swirl of cream and peach.

the petals are a deep bluish hue with a yellowish pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue with white stigma
the petals of the flower are angular and are purple in color while the stigma appears to be pink.
fused blue petals in a five pointed flower with a monadelphous white stamen.
the lilac flower has a prominent white stigma surrounded by five petals.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has pointed blue petals that has a big style
this flower has 5 petals which form points in the shape of a star.
a flower with pointed petals that are blue.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pistil.

this flower has three dark petals that curl under and three lighter petals that curl up.
this flower has violet colored petals and there is yellow stamen.
this strangely shaped purple flower has curved petals with yellow spots.
this beauty has purple petals that are shaped like a leaf some are up and some are down with a hint of yellow on the petal as well.
the petals of this flower are pink in color.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow accents on wide plum-colored petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that curl upward and petals that curl downward that are a purple red with yellow spots.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow lines
this flower has large wavy petals that are very dark purple in color with some yellow markings.

a flower with red petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has petals that are red with just a hint of white
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
a bright red wavy petaled flower with a cone shaped middle.
this flower has a rose colored petal with green sepal as well
this flower has overlapping layers of smooth, rounded red petals which curl slightly.
this reddish flower has many smooth densely gathered petals that are of varying sizes.
this flower has jagged red petals that swirl up together
a red flower with more petals and long green pedicel
this flower is characterized by deep red petals which are smaller toward the middle and become larger the farther out they go.

the flower was burgundy and purple petals
two flowers are in this photo one is a flat pink flower with many petals and the other is a three petaled purple flower.
the large pointed stamins of the rose are very breathtaking
this flower has purple petals, a green pedicel, a green sepal, and a pinkish style.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has purple and pink petals and long green sepals.
this flower has a trio of bright purple oblong petals with smooth edges.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
flower with long pedicel ending in pinkish leaves that unfurl revealing purple petals.
this flower has pink and pointy petals that fold upwards

this flower has white petals and a large yellow stigma in the center
this flower has white petals that are pointed at the tips and a yellow cluster of stamen around a large center pistil that is cone shaped with the widest part being its circular top.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
the flower has smooth white petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower has a wide yellow pistil in the middle a ring of stamen and an irregular ring of oblong white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with large white petals and a bright yellow stigma and stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower has a thick yellow stamen surrounded by wide white petals.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin with long stamen
flower stamen are longer with larger purple anthers
the flower has long pink filaments with anthers color dark pink.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up.
purple stamen centered in narrow wispy light purple petals with a purple sepal.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
a tiny purple flower with curly petals surrounding long purple stamen.
this flower has long thin pink stamen with curly light pink petals.

this flower has a few large pink textured petals and with a prominent stigma.
five medium pink petals surround a brightly colored throat and very long stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrinkly in appearance.
this flower has a small amount of red stamen, beautiful pink petals, and alternating green leaves.
a pink flower of hibiscus has five big pink petals, red stigma, and yellow stamens.
this flower has a slightly cupped formation of oblong wrinkled pink petals with a thin yet prominent pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel and sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled.

pedicel are green in color,petals are brown spoted in color
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this is a strange flower with pink, white, and purple petals.
this downward facing flower has deep purple petals with lighter purple and white spots.
a drooping flower has oval shaped dark purple flowers with white spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are curled downward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has mottled dark purple and plum petals which droop downwards.

the flower has a green prominent pisil and stamen that are green in color
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with very stringy stamen
the flower has five anthers with skinny purple petals.
this flower has white petals as well as an interior row of thin, purple petals.
this flower has white petals with purple stamen and green stigma in the center.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner below the the disc of stamen
the petals are white in color underneath small, thin petals that are purple and large green stigma
the purple and white petals of the flower, are hidden by the purple stamens surrounding the petals.
this flower is characterized by its white-purple outer petals, deep purple, stringy inner petals as well as green stamen and purple pistil at the center.

the pistil stands out of the center of the petals that are a pearl white color with straight up twisted leaves.
the petals of the flower are white in color and the anthers are yellow in color.
the pretty flower has white petals with long style at its center.
flower has large white petals with frilly edges and white pistil and stamen.
this flower could use some help it looks like its dying but its pretty with the big white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has six white petals with longer white stamen.
a group of white flowers with a long white stigma in center.
this flower has overlapping white petals of smooth and ruffled edges.
this flower has large white petals and long white stamens.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this is a flower that has round white and yellow petals.
the flower shown has smooth white petals which is its dominant feature
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading
a flower that has one pedal that is overly larger than the others and a golden center.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of yellow
this flower has three white and yellow fan shaped petals and one larger white fan shaped petal.
this flower has 3 white petals with a yellow interior and a yellow stamen.

this bunch of yellow flowers has the hornlike petals arranged clumpsy
the flower is made of small clusters of yellow blooms with green leaves.
this flower has small yellow petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are fluffy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is a vibrant green
a flower with short and narrow petals that are yellow.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and green

a flower with bright red petals accompanied by yellow pistils.
this is a red flower with many petals and orange stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
petals are red in color,stamens are yellow in color
this flower has multiple layers of bright red orange pointed petals with short yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has small yellow filaments and bright red oblong petals.
this flower has a brown center and yellow stamen surrounded by layers of red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a red flower with multiple layers of red petals surrounding a black ovule with a yellow stamen around it's edge.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower is white with fused petal that is forming a disc like shape and stamen is sticking out in the centre
the flower has petals that are with a purple center.
flower with a single large with petal with a purple center
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are purple near the ovary.
this flower has smooth white petals and purple pistil as its main features
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
a white flower with a dark pink canter, these white petals look connected and there is a white stigma visible in the very center.
this particular flower has petals that are round and white and purple
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center
the white petal is dark purple in the center and the anther is golden colored.

the flower has pink and white petals along with a green pedicel
these unique pink flowers have thin curved petals with long curly stamen
this flower has a light-pink set of petals with long stamen from its center.
the petals of the flower are curled in appearance and are light pink and hot pink in color.
this flower is vibrant pink in color, and has petals that are long and wavy.
the petals on this flower are light and dark pink and the pedicel is green
this pink flower has a green pedicel and a pink stamen
a large white and pink flower with a curled up tips and a long stigma.
this flower has long light pink petals with curled edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower has peach and yellow petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow on the inside
this flower has numerous layers of pale red petals that turn yellow on the upper layers.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is a pale rose colored shade of pink in a cluster of large green leaves.
layers of rounded petals in yellow and pink comprise the bulk of this flower; the pistil is not easily visible.
this flower has petals that are orange and is ruffled together
this flower has different rows of pink petals with a layer of yellow petals at its center.
this flower has a yellow pistil and yellow inner petals with many pink, cupped outer petals.
this flower has pink petals with a yellow center.

a cluster of flowers with white and purple speckled petals and pistils.
a bright purple flower with small pointed petals and whispy stamens.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
this brightly colored purple flower features small separated pointed petals.
this flower consists of fuzzy purple and white pedals with a purple and white stamen.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has sparsely placed petals that are white with purple spots.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a purple pedicel.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has small yellow petals and a few white anthers in the center
a flower with orange petals and white anther filaments in the center.
this flower has small yellow-orange round petals around a small pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly bright yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
the petals of this flower are golden yellow and the pedicel is green
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around white stamens

this flower has many thin and pointy lavender petals that look like spikes.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the flower shown has thorny green petals with purple pistil on top
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has skinny purple prickly petals ontop of a green sphere shaped secondary flower
this flower is characterized by its spiky purple petals on top, and its spiky green petals directly under the purple petals.
the petals of the flower is purple with a green sepal that it is sitting on.
this flower has petals that are pink and is very stringy
this flower has purple and green stamen and a thorny and fuzzy pedicel.
this flowers pink thorny appearance draws attention to the overall feel.

pedicel is green in color,the petals are yellow in color
the flower has large tear drop shaped petals that are orange.
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth, thin ad separately arranged around the stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has very flat yellow petals with thin yellow filament located in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has four bright yellow petals and bright yellow stamen.
this yellow-orange flower has four slightly wavy petals and a sunburst of sepals surrounding the three-pronged pistil.

the flower has petals of a yellowish hue with yellow stamen.
this flower is an off white collar with long pointy petals that spread out.
this large white flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this pretty flower is a pale yellow with a lot of several long petals
a light yellow flower with pointy petals, and large green leaves.
this flower has layers of upturned white petals with pointed tips.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has rows of pointed canary yellow petals, with yellow orange anther filaments and broad, firm dark green leaves.
this delicate white flower has sharp pedals with bright yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers

the flower has many petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has numerous very thin yellow petals which protrude in multiple directions.
the flower has many smaller yellow petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower has dozens of long thin yellow petals with tiny long thin yellow stamen sticking out of the ovule.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and flat on the ends.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
the flower has very thin yellow petals with thin yellow anther and filament.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a large number of very skinny bright petals.
this bright yellow flower has long petals with green stems

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
purple cup shaped flower with short pistil and brown anthers.
this flower is shaped like a wide blue bell with five rounded petal tips that curl outwards at the mouth.
the flowers have deep violet petals that are cup shaped.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
these bells shaped flowers are purple and have a prominent stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bell shaped
this purple flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
a flower with tube shaped petal that is purple.
this flower has a small green sepal and bright blue petals.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
there are many pink petals layered on top one another with the putter petals being larger and slightly folded outward.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center./
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has spiraling layers of pink petals with smooth and rounded tips.
a flower with pink petals and a ggreen stem.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together
this flower has bright pink petals that fold inwards around the ovule and are wilted at the edges.
a pink flower with it's petals folded over into a very tight knit.

a flower with pink petals and no visible pistils.
a very pink colored set of petals covering the insides of the flower but, it may not be fully bloomed yet.
this flower has pink petals and no visible outer stigma
this flower has overlapping layers of rounded, slightly curled pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped together.
the flower has a tightly wrapped pink petal which sits on a thin purple pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has a number of smooth pink petals wrapped around each other.
this flower has round, pink petals that surround each other tightly and separate as they bloom.

this flower has petals that are pink with long style
the petals are pink on the outside and lighter on the inside.
this flower has white and purple petals as its main feature
the flower shown has white petals with pink edges, and a brown anther.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has about five large, delicate petals that are pink around the edges, white in the middle, and pale green in the center with several long, thin stamen with light pink filaments.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with pink edging.
this flower has white petals with notched pink edges and a yellow ovary.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
flower had white pedals with a dark pink outline to them which are vibrant and eye catching.

the flower shown has white petals and a yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are curled along the edges and white in color.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled
this is a flower with white ruffled petals and a prominent yellow center.
this flower has wrinkled white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
the petals of the flower are curled and are white in color with a yellow center.
this flower has a stout yellow ball of stamen surrounded by large wrinkled white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the petals of this flower are pink and red with a short stigma
this flower has small red and white petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are pink with red edges and pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with a pink style
these flowers have pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of them.
this white and red flower has a white stamen with a red anther.
this flower's petal has dark pink edges that fade to a lighter pink moving closer to the center, with a pink style protruding from the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has red edges
this flower is made up of magenta pink petals that get whiter closer to the pistil.

this colorful flower has neon pink petals and a green stigma.
five dark pink ruffled petals are fused except at outer edges, and a few white anthers are seen in the trumpet-shaped base.
the flower is big and dark red with white stamen in its middle and also its petals are fused together
the delicate fushia colored flower petals cover the stamen in the middle.
this flower has large red petals with dark spots towards the center
this particular flower has petals that are sort and round with dark pink and a dark center
these flowers have dark pink petals with smooth edges attached to green sepals.
dark purple petals and a white stamen at the ends of a green, leafy vine.
this flower has conjoined pink petals whose veins are darker purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a black center

this flower has wide, pointed ruffle-edged white petals with vertical purple stripes.
the flower shown has purple and white star shaped petals which are its main feature
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink in the middle.
this flower has petals that are white white pink lines
flower has pink and white petals assembled as a star around a darker purple and white pistil.
this flower has white petals with pointed tips and pink stripes.
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are striped pink.
this flower is shaped like a star, with white petals that have purple stripes down the middle.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has many bright reddish orange petals with yellow tipped stamen.
this red flower has a large number of oval shaped petals surrounding a smaller circle of yellow anther.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has smooth red petals with yellow pistil as well
this flower has a series of bright red petals overlapping each other.
this flower has red petals that has yellow stamen in the center
this flower has overlapping layers of bright red petals with rounded tips.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has several overlapping rows of bright red petals with yellow stamen.

this flower has broad, pink petals with vertical striations on each petal.
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are light along the edges.
the flower has large petals that are pink and white with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
this circular shaped flower has four or five overlapping light purple petals with dark veins and a dark purple center and several spiral-shaped stamen.
this flower has wide overlapping pink petals with vertical striations.
this is a large flower, with few pink pedals, and a dark receptacle.
this flower has a single overlapping row of whitish pink petals and a spider web like stamen.
this flower has pink petals with deep ridges in a fan-like arrangement.

the petals of this flower are purple with purple stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has many green, black and white-colored petals with an array of pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has a disk-shape arrangement of thin purple petals and spiky green and purple sepals.
this lavender flower has a wide receptacle and a sturdy pedicel.
this flower has many sepals and very thin purple petals
the stamen of the flower are of a hair like texture, and a vibrant purple color.

this white flower has long slender petals around a small green and yellow pollen tube.
a flower with white petals and a small green stigma in the middle.
this flower has petals that are white with green stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has large white petals, and a short yellow green stamen.
this pale pink flower has three rows of petals with a bright yellow stigma in the center.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a green stigma
this white flower has alternating rows of petals and a green and yellow stigma.

white and purple flower white and green middle
this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink
the flowers has a set of white petals with streaks and patches of pink color towards the middle.
the petals are pure white with tints of pink while the stamen is pure white.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a white and pink colored flower with a long stigma and a green steam.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are slightly green near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink patches
this flower has white petals with pink spots and long, white stamen.
the petals of the flower are pink and white in color with a bright green stalk.

the flowers have four orange petals that have a yellow tint.
the flower has small yellow petals with white stamen and purple sepal
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower shown has orange petals as its main feature.
four medium-sized, rounded, yellow flower surround a cream colored stigma
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this yellow orange flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
an orange group of flowers that has a white center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the petals are thin-shaped and bright yellow while the stamen is also yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this is a white flower with many small, thin petals and yellow stigma.
the flower shown has several layers of skinny yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has stringy stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a wide rounded mound of very thin yellow hairs and petals.
this flower has a dense set of thin yellow leaves and yellow stamens.

this is a large blossom with white petals and many small yellow stamen surrounding a yellow pistil.
the flower has a lot of white colored petals that somewhat looks like pieces of crumpled paper.
these white flowers have a cluster of yellow stamen in their center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has beautiful white petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower is composed of broad, ruffled, white petals that curl slightly upward, and in the center lies a circular clump of yellow stamen surrounding a yellow pistil.
this flower has large white petals with a wrinkled texture.
this flower has large, white ruffled petals around its many yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has large white pedals surrounding a yellow stigma and stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has bright white petals and a dull yellow stamen.
this flower has dark red stems surrounding soft and pale pink petals.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant whit, with a bright pink stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
the petals on this flower are white and burgundy and the pedicel is green and burgundy
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen

this flower has one big purple petal that goes around and a green pistil.
a flower with singular conical purple petal and large white pistil.
this flower is one all encompassing purple petal around light green pistil and stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this wide trumpet shaped flower has a ruffled edge surrounding a large, protuberant purple pollen tube.
this purple bell shaped flower is all one group of petals that has a small yellow stamen in center.
a flower with wide petals that curls outward and is purple.
this flower has a tall yellow pistil and a bright purple petal.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green style
this flower has a very deep cone shape petal with green filament and yellow anther.

a flower with twisted yellow and white petals, red sepals, and brown pedicel
this is a small flower with yellow and white petals and orange near the ovary.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
petals are white in color,they have some yellow p[atches on the outer
a flower with long and round petals that is yellow.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and a red and green pedicel.
this flower has five very smooth rounded white petals with yellow centers.
the petals of the flower are a bright yellow, with shades of white and orange throughout.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white tips

this flower has white petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this is a white flower with a yellow center and yellow anthers.
the flower has petals that are pale pink and white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has very long yellow stamen and a large white petal around it.
this flower has large white petals with long yellow stamens.
this pale purple and yellow flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
a flower with eight white petals that are yellow at their center that wrap around yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the flower has white petals with light pink veins, it has yellow filaments, and anthers

this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has ovular purple petals as its main feature.
the flower is bellow shaped and has pink petals that are fused and has spots in the inner regions
the petals of this blosson form bell shapes, they are light purple with dark purple spots surrounded by white edges.
the petals on this flower are pink with brown dots
this pink flower has a hollowed shape and is speckled inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted purple in color and the inner stamen is the color clear.
this flower has large petals that are purple with dark purple splotches inside of them.

flower with pink petals with veins and dark pink nectar guides with elongated style and yellow anthers.
the flower has petals arranged around the stamen forming a funnel shape but the petals are separated and some has red spots in them
light red color flower with red dots in some of the petals,having yellow anthers and light red filaments
the petals of the flower are pink and hot pink while the anther is yellow and the filament is pink.
the flower has pink petals with red dots mixed in and yellow stamen
a pink and white group of flowers with a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink with spots.
this flower has wide pink petals with smooth and slightly ruffled edges.
a pistil and pink petals distinguish this flower.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has big and long skinny petals that are light purple.
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
this flower is bright purple with purple petals and anthers and a yellow stigma.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has oblong shaped purple petals covered by long and wavy purple filaments.
this flower has a bottom row of lavender rounded petals and a top row of hair-like curly lavender petals with white and dark purple stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has dozens of stringy light purple petals that have alternating white and dark purple rings towards the ovule.

the flower is small with their petals that are smooth amd forming disc shape
small white flowers with fused petals bunched together and green leaves with teeth.
this purple flower has smaller petals in which some insects really enjoy.
this bundle of small white flowers has soft small petals.
the flower shown has white petals with purple anther and green sepal
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
a group of flowers that has light purple and white pedals.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are heart shaped.
this flower has small white petals with light purple undertones and a notch on the top edge.

the flower shown has white and purple petals with a green pistil
this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink and ya flowery stigma
the petals of the flower are light pink with green veins and have green leaves.
this flower has petals that are white and pink with white stigma.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has very small white petals and extremely large white and pink sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has white petals that gradient to purple the closer it gets to the pedicel.
this unique flower has three long pink and purple pedals.

the flower shown has yellow pistil with a round purple petal
this flower has round pink petals and a yellow circular stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded in shaped.
this flower is a dark pink color with smooth, large, petals that overlap on top of eachother and it's orange color stamen is prominently condensed together in the middle of the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are arranged in a circular pattern.
there are many yellow stamen with overlapping rose colored petals.
this flower has orange anther filaments dark pink petals with red veins and bright green leaves.
this flower has a prominent yellow pistil and bright pink petals that are wrapped around each other.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are bright pink with yellow anther and purple filaments.
this flower has multiple bright purple petals and stamen with bright yellow anthers.
this flower features a small ovary with yellow tipped stamens surrounded by layers of bright purple petals.
this is a flower with long and skinny purple petals.
this flower has many long slender petals of magenta veined with darker magenta and yellow and purple stamen.
this flower has large and thin purple petals with a dark purple pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has long magenta colored petals surrounding the yellow and purple stamen and pistil.
this flower has a ring arrangement of small purple oblong petals.

this unusual flower has large spiky orange petals that stand up.
this unusual tropical flower has orange spiky petals sticking up in the air.
this long sharp points of a flower has and outer green leaf with orange pointy leaves blossoming out
this interesting flower has an orange set of petals coming from its strange, green base.
this flower contains elongated, waxy looking orange petals, surrounded by waxy broad sepals.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has leathery orange petals with an green sepal
this flower has bright orange and blue petals that are shaped like a bird head.
spiked orange petals make up this plant as they rise out of a green sepal that is pointy like them.
this flower has bright orange petals that are long and sharply pointed and oriented upwards.

the flower has two layers of petals that are smooth, thin and arranged in disc like manner around the stamen that has yellow anthers
the flower has red petals surrounding the yellow anther and black filament
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
these bright red flowers have layers of thin petals and yellow stamen
a red petaled flower with yellow anther and a black pistal.
this flower has different layers of bright red petals that are oblong shaped.
this flower has small red petals with yellow stamen and a round pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of bright red petals with tapered edges.
this flower has rows of bright red petals with a wide pistil and vivid yellow stamen.

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are small.
this flower has petals that are white with long stigma
this flower has small white petals and purple pistil as its main features
this flower has a small amount of pale pink petals and long skinny stamen.
this flower has white petals and no visible outer stigma on it
there are small white flowers about midway up the stem with reddish pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
a flower with short and narrow petals that are white.
these small purple flowers have large petals with spaces between them.
this flower has a very thin stem with dark pink receptacles and small white petals.

the petals of the flower are orange and pink in color and have a small flower in the center.
flower with leaf like petals and small stamen with white anthers
the petals are orange and pink with a white pistil.
the petals on this flower are orange blending to pink.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are very small.
the thin petals of this flower are pink and coral, with a lighter stigma.
orange to pink triangle shaped petals with single white stamen surrounded by green leaves.
this flower has petals that are orange and has pink shading
the petals of this flower are orange and pink and the pistil is small and white
the petals are overlapping and range from red to orange and the stigma is light yellow.

a flower with one large purple leaf behind a smaller set of 3 purple leaves.
this flower has pink petals with sharp edged as its main feature
the flower has petals that are bright pink or pale purple.
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that spotted.
this flower has three petals all of which are blue
this flower has a thick pink chevron pattern holding pale purple petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically aligned.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has purple petals that have very small light purple tints and white dots on them.
this flower has three light blue petals with a smooth texture that fold downward.

the flower has dense yellow petals at the centre surrounded by other layers of petals with the outer most layer of petals getting red at their edges
this light yellow flower is made of densely packed yellow petals in a spiraled pattern.
there are yellow petals with pink curled edges surrounding denser yellow petals with only a little pink on the edges.
this flower has many overlapping layers of rounded yellow petals with pink tips.
this is a yellow and red flower. the center is yellow and the outside tips are red.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are curled around the center.
this flow has bright yellow petals overlapping more tightly towards the center with pink tips at the outer edges.
a small yellow flower with many petals and border of the petals are pink and the pedicel are green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red edges
this flower has yellow pedals in the middle and yellow pedals with red tips on the outside.

this bloom is red in color with many layers of petals, the shape is much like a pine cone.
this flower has a red petal and is very tall
the flower has bright red petals shaped like an acorn
this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically stacked.
flower has petals that are narrow dark red and stacked on each other.
the petals on this flower are mostly red in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has a vertical chevron growth of thick waxy red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has many red petals that are broad at its base and narrow at the top giving it the appearance of a red pine cone.
this flower has many horizontally oriented bright red colored petals.

this flower with smooth purple color petal and yellow anther attached to white color numerous filament.
this small delicate flower has pale pink rounded leaf shaped petals with prominent veining and several long white stamens with pale yellow and brown anthers protruding from the center.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have white filaments.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are white with pale pink edges and white stamen.
this flower has long pink with white highlighted petals and longer stamen.
a pink flower with white and yellow stamen and stigma and green pedicel
this flower has pink and white petals, white stamen and cream colored anther filaments.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are darker around the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen

the flower has yellow petals as well as orange petals
the petals of the flower are round in shape and are bright yellow in color.
this bright yellow flower has many petals in a circular fashion
the flower is bright yellow and has a lot of small petals.
this bright yellow flower has lots of dense, small beautiful petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
a couple of flowers with yellow and orange coloration pedals.
this flower has a dense amount of small yellow petals and no visible pistil.
the bright yellow petals form a ball shape and the sepals are thin and green.

the petals are white with a yellow pistol in the middle.
the petals are separated and forming a bow tie shape and also the flower is mostly white with hint of yellow in its middle
this is a white flower with big round petals and a yellow center
the wide white flowers are delicate and mostly cover the stamen.
five large heart-shaped white petals in a half-moon shape surround a light to dark yellow colored ovule containing dark red ovaries.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow shading
this flower has large and very wide white petals with a bright yellow mouth.
this flower has smooth white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white wrinkled petals and brown small anthers.
the petals of this flower are white, the pistil is yellow and the pedicel is green

this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves and a green stem.
an orange flower with long skinny pointed petals with red stamen.
the flower has several narrow pointed petals that are red
this flower is red in color, with petals that are skinny and pointy.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are skinny and curly.
this flower has petals that are red and is very thin
a flower that has long pistils that are red.
this flower is made up of multiple long needle like red petals.
this flower is characterized by light red petals around the outside of the flower, while the pistil and stamen of the flower are a darker red and have a spiky appearance.

the flower has a set of brightly colored yellow petals.
this flower has several large, wide orange petals with rounded edges which ruffle slightly.
the flower has two rounded petals that are bright yellow in color
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curved backwards.
the flower has a large orange petal with orange stamen and a greed pedicel
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has white stamen and a trumpet shaped configuration of orange petals.
this orange flower has rounded petals and white stamen with orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has large orange petals and small orange stamens.

this yellow flower has sparse long petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has thin green sepals surrounding several long yellow petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this bright yellow bloom has long petals that get top heavy and the sepal is seen easily.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are drooping and wilted.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a thick green stem.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded downwards
the petals of this flower are bright golden yellow and the pedicel is green
a flower with floppy yellow petals that stem from a green pedicel.
this flower has three large yellow petals that surround a smaller row of yellow petals.

the petals on this flower are yellow with red ends
this flower has petals that are red with green edges
this flower has the double-colored petals stand on a green pedicel with the green stamens holding the yellow anthers below the petals
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy and multicolored.
the flower has long wavy petals that are yellow and red.
this flower has red and green strange looking petals to it
this flower has petals that are red and has green tips
the flower has yellow and green stamen and red and yellow petals.
this flower has bright green filaments with yellow anthers and yellow and pink petals.
the long green filaments appear outside of the petals and are topped with long yellow antenna.

the pink petals are arranged in a star pattern standing around yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are red with yellow filaments.
the stigma is shotr and maroon in color while the anters are yellow in color
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has many layers of overlapping red petals that surround a bunch of thin, yellow stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
small yellow filament are located in the center of the red petals.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of bright red petals.
this flower has a short ring of yellow stamen in the center of red oblong petals arranged in rings.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stigma
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are thin and rounded.
the flower has purple petals with a yellow stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has a purple petal and a yellow stigma in the middle
a small purple flower with a short yellow pollen tube.
purple flower with wide flat petals and a yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow style
this flower has a prominent orange pistil and light purple petals.
this flower has wide, slightly heart-shaped petals in gradating hues of pale purple.
the petals of the flower are light purple in color and have a thick anther in the center.

this flower has broad oval shaped petals that are white on the outer edges and yellow towards the center and no visible stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five large white petals with slightly pointed tips and yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white trim
the flower shown has a smooth white and yellow petal with purple pedicel
this flower has large white petals with yellow leading to the center.
this flower has overlapping petals, which are white on the outside, and yellow on the inside, with no visible stamen or pistil; the pedicel is a light brown color that fades into the green stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edhges
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored and oval shaped.
this white flower has petals as well as a pedicel.

this flower has large purple petals and bright yellow stamens in the middle
flower has petals that are pink and a single petal with a dark pink spot.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple patches
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals, dark purple streak, yellow center.
this flower has ruffled purple petals and a deep fuchsia and yellow mouth.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
this flower has long light purple petals with curly ends and dark purple insides.

the flower has large purple petals with a large white pollen tube
this purple flower has large and thick petals and white and purple pistils.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
a beautiful light purple flower with a white center flower
this interesting flower has triangle shaped petals which surround the two white flower-like stamen and the plain looking pistil.
this flower has lavender petals with budding fowers in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
the petals of the flower are pink in color has smaller flowers that are white in color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has purple receptacles with very small white petals in a ring.

this white flower has pink spots in it and long, pink filament.
these small white flowers have pink spots and thin stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted with pink.
a soft white and dark pink oval shaped petals with pink long pistil
broad, pinkish-white petals with purple polka dots on one of the petals.
the flower has light pink petals with dark pink spots and bright pink stamens.
this flower has light pink petals that are spotted with hot pink and long stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink dots
this flower has very light pink colored petals with dark pink speckles.
this flower has five light pink to dark pink spotted petals.

this is a round white flower with a long white stigma.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are light purple on the edges.
the flower has a large lavender petal that is round shaped with a large pollen tube.
the large bloom of the flower is white while the tips of the petal are purple.
a single large circular white petal with hints of sharp points and purple tips surrounds a single pistil which is green to yellow.
this flower has white petals with light lavender highlights and a white pistil.
this flower has conjoined soft white petals with pale purple pointed edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
a white flower with purple areas and contains one full petal.
the flower has a single, five lobed, white petal with large white stamen.

this orange tinted flower has light colored stamens inside it.
this flower has distinct, downturned rounded petals in red with orange edges.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has a petal that is orange in color and has a green stigma
this flower has orange scooped petals with dark centers and white stigma.
this red flower has red petals that are slightly tinted with orange around the edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has small stamen
this orange flower with long drooping petals has a small white stigma.
this flower has orange petals with yellow along the edges of the petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with green patches
a flower with pink petals, a pink pistil, and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flower are pink and yellow in color and fold into each other.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
the flower has layered down-turned red and green petals and red stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of green
the flower has round soft petals that are pink and green.
this flower has pink and green leaves, a green ovule and tan colored stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
what i like about this flower is its rich brightly colored petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
the flower is bent and the petals are pink and anthers yellow.
a cluster of flowers with pink petals and a large yellow stigma.
these flowers have wrinkled pink petals with orange stamen in the center of them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
the petals of this flower are big and pink and the pedicel is green
this is a pink flower with a long yellow pistil.
these flowers have wide spread pink petals with purple veins and yellow stigma.

the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has pink petals, pink stamens, and a red pistil.
the flower has purple petals and a long white pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this large flower has five light lavender petals with dark pink spots on two, pale pink stamen, and a dark orange stigma.
this flower has five light purple petals that also have spots of a darker purple-pink, there are visible stamens and one stigma - that are nearly as long as the petals' lengths.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are light purple.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has thick ovular yellow petals as its main feature.
the flower has two layers and both are yellow in color with ruffled edges.
the flower has petals that are pale yellow with a yellow shaped bell.
a white and yellow bell shaped flower with a yellow stigma in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
yellow petals with a yellow center and green stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
the yellow trumpet shaped inner petals are surrounded by pale yellow petals atop of a bent pedicel.
this flower has a bright yellow center with light greenish-yellow petals and a grey receptacle.

this flower has a large pink petal with a lot of red lines on them
the flower consists of yellow petals with gold designs and a gold center.
a flower with large bulbous white petal and three striped yellow pink and red petals atop it.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has petals that are pink brown and yellow.
this yellow purple and white flower has rounded petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and purple lines
this flower is white, purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
the bloom of the flower has circular petals that are round in shape and are light pink in color.
this flower has multicolored petals that are white, pink, and yellow.

the flower shown has yellow and orange petals that turn upwards.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange spost
a bird shaped flower with angular yellow and orange petals.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have eyes that are ruffled.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and spotted.
this flower has bright yellow petals and red splotches near the centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this yellow and red flower has pointed petals and pink and yellow sepals.
this flower has frilly yellow petals marked with orange that open from spiked foliage.

this flower is white and punk in color with wavy petals, and green pedecil.
the petals are white with shades of light pink and the stem is green.
the flower seems to be flat. the petals are a combination of white and purple.
the flowers of the plant have petals that are white with pink tips.
this flower features wavy purple tinged white petals surrounded by dark green sepals.
this flower has broad petals that are colored mostly white with segments of purple.
this flower has white petals that are tinged with pink on the edges.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has large petals that are pink and white in color.

a flower with orange, yellow, and red petals, and large bulbous white stamen.
red veined yellow petals surrounding a white pistil.
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
this flower has bright orange petals and white anthers in the center of it
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has small and rounded, smooth orange petals with tiny yellow veins.
a red and yellow flower with soft petals and white anther filament at it's center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has brightly colored petals in shades of yellow and orange.

this flower has a single white petal and white stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are white with a long style
the flower petals are in the shap of a trumpit with white petals.
a large white trumpet shaped flower with textured, tall, yellow stigma inset in a variegated leaf plant.
the flower has a single, large white petal which surrounds a yellow stamen with white anthers.
this flower has white petals as well as a white and yellow pistil.
a flower with one petal wrapped around the pollen tube.
this flower has trumpet shaped white blossom with a very thick yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a long style

the flower has white petal that is fused, smooth, soft and has stamens sticking out from the centre
this flower has petals that are white with small points and white stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
the flower shown has white petals and several white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with a white stamen
this flower has conjoined soft white petals which curl backwards delicately.
this flower has a huge single white petal that goes all the way around.
there are white interconnecting pedals which surround white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals and a small yellow pistil, with a green pedicel

the petals are bright pink with tints of yellow towards the middle, while the pedicel are green.
the flower shown has pink and white petals, and a pink pollen tube.
the flower has a bright pink color towards the edges of its petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with white shading
a series of five pink petals in a star pattern connecting to a tube shaped pistol of yellow.
the pistal is very wide with white and pink petals spread at the bottom
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals with shades of white on it attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has bright pink petals that fade into white towards the middle of them.

this red and white veined flower has tiny yellow anther.
the flower is shaped like a rose petal, with overlapping petals and sets of filaments in the middle, hanging down from the receptacle.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled over the ovule.
the flower has petals that are over lapping each other that are pink and white color.
this flower has pink closed petals with yellow stamen in the center sitting in a green sepal.
a delicate pink and white bud with overlapping pink and white petals and a cluster of yellowish pink stamen.
this flower has white and pink anther filaments, pink and white veined petals and a green receptacle.
a cluster of stamen are surrounded by pink petals with prominent darker pink veins.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thick and have veins.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the flower is very big and has soft, smooth petals that has pink colored tip
this flower has large white petals and a bright yellow group of anther
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink at the tip.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has smooth, white, scoop shaped petals, and a green upside down cone shaped stigma.
this flower has large white petals with rounded edges and a large number of yellow stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and rounded white petals with pink edges.
this flower has white petals and feathery short yellow anthers.

the flower is capsule shaped with shorters stamen and pistil, with star shaped petals
the flower shown has pink and white petals with green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this trumpet shaped white flower with pink around the slightly pointed petal edges has stamens and pistils deep within its pink throat, and would be perfect for hummingbirds.
this flower has five rounded white petals whose edges are ruffled and pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has pink petals with yellow in the center
these flowers have five petals which are pink on the edges and white in the middle.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant pink, with shades of white throughout.

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower shown has red petals with white anther and filament
a red flower that is clustered with a darker ovary
the flowers have petals that are red in color and small visible white anthers.
the flower are alternqately arranged with large red colored peals
the flower has three velvety red petals surrounding short white stamen in the center.
this flower is red and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower three red petals around a small white stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
a red poppy colored cluster of blooms, some unopened and some open with small yellow stamen.

this flower has a green center surrounded by layers of long thin pink petals with rounded tips.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
petals are oval in shape,the stamen are many i] with a smaller stigma green in color
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
a flower with many thin overlapping pink petals and a green pistil.
this flower has wet, pink petals that are long and thin, fanning outward from rings of pink stamen.
this flower has several rows of long thin petals that grow shorter as they come nearer the green center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pale red.
the petals of the flower are long and skinny with a spotted pattern throughout the petals.
the petals of the flower are long and skinny with a spotted pattern throughout the petals.

a flower with light orange petals and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has peach petals with white and red bases with a long yellow pistil coming out of the ovule.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red and white centers.
this flower has a large yellow petal and a long yellow stigma
this flower is orange, white, and red in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower is trumpet shaped with frilly orange petals and a white and red throat.
this flower has five ruffled peach-colored petals and a center of white and bright red.
this flower is orange, white, and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a red center
a flower with long and wide petals that are orange with white and red center.

the petals of this flower are purple with a yellow center.
the flower has a single small green-yellow filament, surrounded by lighter purple petals that a big and floppy in texture.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow shading
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted and ruffled.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has conjoined pale pink petals whose edges are slightly ruffled.
this pink and yellow flower has wavy petals and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has a funnel shaped pink petal with a yellow ovary.

this is a flower that has white and pink ruffled petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has purple and white petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with pink patches and ruffled together
this flower has layers of wide white petals whose fulled edges are a rosy pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
the petals are white with pink on the edges of the petals.
this flower has multiple rows of white petals with pink tips that wrap tighter closer to the stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
this is a large,pink flower with long,pink anther filaments.
many pink samen with larger anthers and pink petals
these flowers have bright pink petals with red spots and pink pistils.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this pink tower has tiny stamen buds in the middle surrounded by oval shaped leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has large, bright pink petals whose edges are soft and delicate.
this bright pink flower has five petals with dark pink spots coming from the base of the petal.

this flower has petals that are light pink with dark pink center.
the edges of the petals are tattered and jagged, and long sepal come from the stem.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple shading
this is a large pink flower with the edges of the petals ruffled.
this flower has large pink petals with a darker pink leading to the center.
a light purple funnel shape flower with a purple marks.
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled at the edges
this flower has five lavender petals that get darker closure to the pistil.

the flower has glossy red and yellow petals in a circle around a golden center with brown anthers.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a long yellow petal with a red stripe and a lot of yellow stamen in the middle
flower has petals that are yellow with red stripes and yellow stamen.
this flower has smooth petals which are yellow with a red center stripe.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a yellow center and shiny yellow petals with red vertical center stripes.
this flower has a single layer of oblong petals that have red stripes down a yellow surface.
this flower has very glossy yellow ovular petals with red lines in them.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stripes

this flower has five petals that are orange, two of the petals are red veined.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are ruffled and red near the center.
this flower has pale orange colored petals that are a darker orange at the petals base.
the rounded petals of this flower are orange traced with red at the center and the plentiful filaments and large fuzzy anthers are a matching orange.
this flower has large orange petals and a green stamen with orange anther in the middle
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has bright petals that are yellow with orange markings.
this flower has a red-orange set of petals, an orange pistil, and yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are orange and the pedicel is a dark green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stigma

this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
the flower has petals that are purple with white spots.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower is bell shaped with checkered purple and white petals.
this flower has large overlapping petals with pointer tips which are white with purple patterning.
this flower has burgundy and tan petals in a droopy hanging position.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are dark purple with white spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots
this purple and white flower appears to be heavy, as it is hanging downward.

this flower has large orange petals with a white star shaped stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has peach-colored and reddish petals, veined, that are wide with rounded edges,
the flower has red petals and a white pollen tube
this soft red flower has lots of petals and white stamen.
this flower has very tiny white petals in a slightly overlapping round arrangement.
this flower has rounded reddish-orange petals and white pilstil
this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has broad orange petals with white stamen and dark brown anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has long petals that are purple and long yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has large purple petals and yellow pistil on top as its main features
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center.
the flower has sparse pink petals that are oval and long shaped.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a limp pedaled purple flower with a light tan center.
this flower has one row of long pink petals surrounding the round center which contains many small orange pistils.
this is a pink flower with long oval-shaped petals that flex backward with a thick orange pistil.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered.
this is a large orange flower with long petals and a large stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
the flower has petals that are orange and overlapping with orange stamen.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has a couple of rows of bright red oblong petals.
the petals are flat and orange-red and surround and cluster of brown stamens.
cluttered tiers of thin flat reddish orange petals and a brown sponge-like center.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
the beautiful flower has orange petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner in different layer with disc of brownish stamens in the center

a cupped flower with purple and green petals surrounding white tipped stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are green and pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink wit green shading
the petals of this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the flower has white and green stamen and purple and white petals.
a green and purple flower with a tan larger stigma center.
this flower has thin green stamen surrounded by wide white and purple petals.
the flower has a purple petal and a yellow to white anther with a light green filament.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen

this flower has petals that are white with many layers
this flower has layers of white petals with green stem and pointed leaves.
the petals of the flower are white in color and overlap each other in structure.
this flower has many petals that are overlapping and white.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled around the ovule.
this flower has ruffled white petals that fold into a swirl
this flower has numerous layers of white petals which fold inwards towards the ovule.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has pure white petals in many layers that enclose the center of the flower.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and thin.

the flower shown has green sepal with bright yellow petals
this flower has light yellow petals that are tightly overlapping surrounded by green, star shaped sepal.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has a tight bulb with yellow petals on top of green pedicel and sepal.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has vertical yellow petals surrounded by vertical tapered green sepals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.

the petals are large and white and very delicate with red spots near the middle while the pollen tube is green and the stigma is bright red.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has petals that are large and white with red anthers.
this flower has a large with and fluffy petal with a lot of dark red anther filaments
a larger sized flower that is white with some red spotting and dark tipped filaments
this flower has wide white petals with a deeply ruffled texture.
this flower has large white petals with small red dots leading to the center.
this flower has large ripply petals with red spots on one of the petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink dots
this flower has large white petals with a section of red spots and white filaments with dark anthers.

this flower has petals that are orange and very iny
this flower has a very long stem and long yellow flowers.
the petals on this flower are orange with a purple pistil.
this flower has tall pointed orange petals that lift upward and a blue stamen.
this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are pointy at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very thin
this is a orange flower with thin, pointed petals with large green leaves.
a golden flower with a spiky look and a white center.
this flower has extremely large green leaves, pointed green sepals, and orange petals with a blue pistil.
this flower has long and very thick, very spiky petals in shades of vivid yellow.

this flower has short, wide petals with pink and white coloring and several long white stamen with yellow anthers.
the flower has a large pink bloom that is variegated with colors of white and has white filament attached to a yellow anther.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flowers has very brightly colored pink petal but some of it is in shades of light green.
this flower has a white colored petal with a white colored stamen
the tropical flower is in shades of white and pink with a center that is green.
this flower has six white and magenta petals, three of them larger than the other three, 6 stamens, and its pistil is longer than the stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
flower with different shaped and colored petals and vase like petals and veined three petals
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stripes
the flowers and pedals of this flower look like a butterfly and they are spread out.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow and brown.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped and oval shaped.
this flower has two striped petals that are pink, yellow, and white and a yellow pistil.
this flower has one large light pink petal and three petals that are white and yellow with bright pink stripes.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has one larger slightly pink petal with three pink and green petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have pink veins.
this flower has long white stamen and large light purple petals that are whiter at their base.
the flower has petals that are pink, smooth, soft, separated and arranged in a single layer around the stamen that are white
this flower has light pink petals with visible veins and the petals are layered over each other
a flower with light purple petals and long light green stamen at it's center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with thin wavy petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has pale pink petals with veins and a white center.
the petals of this flower are pink and white and the pistil is yellow

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the petals of the flower are small and curled and are yellow in color.
these flowers has a lot of yellow petals all bunch together
this flower has yellow petals and yellow pistil as its main features
these flowers have yellow clustered leaves that are shaped like round baseballs.
this flower has very many ruffled yellow petals, which are slightly darker in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this is a bright yellow flower, with very dense, wavy, and crinkled petals forming a rounded puff shape.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with red lines
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has large overlapping petals which have thick leaflike veins.
this flower has small pink petals with darker pink veils covering the petals.
the wrinkled petals are pink with deep pink veins and the sepals are bright green.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thick and drooping.
a pink flower with light pink leaf pink petals stemming from a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines

this flower has long pink petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the center
this flower has petals that are pink with short stamen
the flower petals are oval in shape and are light purple in color
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has one overlapping row of long toothy fuschia petals.
this flower has a dark purple pistil and several bright yellow stamen, surrounded by many narrow bright pink petals.
a purple flower with a single layer of purple petals surrounding a dark purple ovule with many yellow stamen sprouting from it's center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has overlapping petals which are long and thin with rounded edges.

this is a pink flower with few large petals and white stigma.
the petals on this flower are red with white stamen.
this flower has a round white center surrounded by five large petals in varying hues of hot pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are darker along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow center
each flower has five distinct outer petals that are red around the edges and pink towards the center of the flower, and a singular white petal shaped like a bell from which the pistil is protruding.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
five bright red with pink centered pedals surrounding a white center with red stigma.
this flower has light pink petals with dark pink edges and white stamen.
this flower has red and white petals with dark stamens and a white pistil.

this flower has large white petals and a group of yellow anthers on it
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by rounded white petals.
this flower has wide, pale purple petals and a frilly yellow center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are uneven around the edges
the flowe anthers are large in size and yellow in color while the stigma are green and larger in size
this white and purple flower has rounded petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has pale pink petals, a short, green pistil, and many short yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow lines

flowers with big yellow petals and white stamen.
the flower has petals that are yellow, soft, smooth and arranged in a disc like manner enclosing the stamen
this cluster of bright yellow flowers has circular shaped petals that are close together.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with small white stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
very bright yellow petals along with white anther are shown.
this flower has small yellow petals that are smooth in texture.
this flower has small yellow petals whose edges are distinctly rounded.
a group of small golden flowers with large pedals and a dull gray stigma.

this flower has approximately twenty long slender yellow petals that are yellow around the center which is a dark brown.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped and skinny.
this flower has long thin yellow petals and a lot of black anthers
the dark toned stigma stands out next to the vibrant long petals.
this large flower has long yellow petals and a thick black center.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower features a dark brown stigma surrounded by bright yellow petals
this flower has yellow petals with a brown shaped ball in the middle
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower is a yellow star shaped flower with a yellow pistil.
a pretty yellow flower with inner whorl of petals fused curled to form a bowl in which the yellow pistil and stamens are protected.
this flower has petals that are yellow in the middle with white outer petals
a star shaped flower with yellow petals and yellow stigma and stamen.
the flower has a large yellow pollen tube in the center of a yellow tubular shaped petal.
this flower has two rows of petals the outer is light yellow the inner is darker yellow bell shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
the flower has yellow stamen and yellow petals that have wavy edges.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
flowers are alternately arranged,they are light pink in color
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the flower shown has a white pistil with a pink bell shaped petal
the flower is pink and it has fused petals that are forming a bell shape and also the flower has spots in the inner region
the flower has pink petals that are shaped like trumpets that has red dots.
this flower has a thick stem with many light pink bell shaped petals that have speckled interiors.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots

the flowers has petals that are dark purple and a yellow stigma.
this bright purple petal flower has a stamen in the center and fuzzy pointy leaves at the base.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and blue.
this dark blue star shaped flower has long pointy petals.
this flower has five large blue petals which are tapered and slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a green stripe
a large purple flower with it's petals in the shape of a star with a large white pistil.
this flower is blue ad black in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has thick pointed petals which are a dark indigo color.

this flower is red, white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with white and yellow style
this red heart-shaped flower has one large petal and one long pistil.
the petals are wet and red in color, while the stamen is white and yellow and pointed outside the flower.
the petals on this flower are red with a white pistil.
the flower has one shiny red petal, and a white pistil with a yellow tip.
a large flower with one shiny red petal and a prominent white and yellow stamen.
this flower is red, white, and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a red petal that has a big style
this flower has a single bright red large petal with an upright white and yellow stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flower shown has layers of red petals, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that pink with yellow stamen and pistil.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this red flower has rounded petals, green sepals, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this is a pink flower with closely gathered petals and multiple yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and layerred.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has a dark purple petal on it with a white colored anther
this flower has a white center surrounded by six flat, large, slightly pointed pink petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals are pink in color with white anthers
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a light yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped,
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
the petals of this flower are bright bright pink and the pistils are white and yellow
the petals are bright magenta and the stamens are white and pale yellow.

ribbon like petals that are yellow and pink, closed up with stamen underneath them.
this flower has long green stamen and long, thin petals of red and yellow with ruffled edges which point upwards.
this flower has long red petals and long green stamen on it
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow towards the inside
this flower is red, yellow and green in color, with wavy and curled petals.
this unique looking flower has yellow and pink feather shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow patches
this flower has petals that extend vertically and meet a central point.
this flower has curly, orange and red petals with long, yellow stamen.

flower has many stamne tat are green in color,with larger anthers that are white in color
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with purple edges and spots
the flower has purple petals with dark spots and yellow anther
this flower has a wide green center surrounded by rounded purple petals with yellow accents.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green dots and yellow stamen
very tiny white anther sit on top of a green centered but also purple petal.
this particular flower has petals that are purple, white, and green
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is small and green
flower with a light purple dotted set of petals and a large rounded stamen topped with white pistil

the petals on this flower are pink with white stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and layered.
the petals are a pastel pink while the stamen is yellow and stigma is brown.
this flower has petals that are pink with layers and white stamen
round pink petals in several bunched up tiers with brown tipped stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has layers of smooth rounded light pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and layered.
this flower has layers of pale pink petals with smoothly rounded edges.
this flower has layers of pale pink petals with smoothly rounded edges.

this flower has petals that are pink with long stamen
the flowers has three petals and the stamen are seen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are leaf like.
a flower with broad pink petals and three green stigma resting atop a green pedicel
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long style
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has three large pale purple petals and three styles that are pale purple as well.
three pointed purple leaves surround three long column shaped buds with rounded tops.
this flower has purple petals as well as purple and green pistils.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flower has yellow petals with green and yellow stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has rounded petals that are yellow in color with large stamen
this flower has yellowish-green petals, yellow stamen and a darker green stigma.
the petals on this plant are bright yellow, they have a dark yellow part also.
this flower has bright yellow round petals with a notch at the end and yellow stamen.
this is a bright yellow flower with a green center and 5 petals
the bright yellow petals of this flower have a cloverleaf shape and they surround a green spikey center with tiny yellow petals all around it.

dark red petals darker red middle green and dark green
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals are broad and bright red in color, and the stamen is also red.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
leaves are green in color,petals are red in color
the petals of the flower are a bright red color, and the stamens of the flower are red as well.
this flower has multiple blossoms on a single stem and small rounded pink petals.
this flower has petals that are red with short stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly orange-red in color and the inner stamen is the color red.
this flower has red petals as well as a red pistil.

leaves are green in color,petals are rounde in shap[e and are yellow in color
the petals of the flower are yellowish-green in color and are tissue-like in appearance with rounded tops while the stamen and stigmas are light green.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
the flower shown has bright yellow petals, and a green center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with green stamen
this flower has yellow round petals with green and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this bright yellow flower has five petals and a green stamen.
this flower has bright yellow small petals with a slightly crinkled texture.
this flower has five petals that are almost fluorescent yellow surrounding a green center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen

this flower has many yellow stamen surrounded by overlapping layers of founded, slightly ruffled pink petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has smooth pink petals with yellow stamen in the center
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has pink petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamens.
a pink and white flower and a large golden center.

this flower has overlapping pale pink petals and many small yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
several cylindrical white petals are stacked on top of each other and have a hint of pink and surround white filaments with yellow anthers.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color with yellow anthers.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals that have small yellow stigma
this flower has white and pink petals as well as yellow anthers.
this pink flower has many pink bowl shaped petals and pink stamen with orange filament.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
the flower has yellow and white stamen and soft round petals.

the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and surround stamens and also the petals form bowl like shape
this flower occurs in clusters and has bright orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower has small petals that are orange with red edges.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are darker on the edges.
the flower has tiny white anther located in the center of small orange and red colored petals.
the flower has several yellow and orange round petals and white stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this a small flower in a cluster. it is a pretty shade of orange.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen

the flowers of the plant are yellow with yellow anthers and green leaves.
the flower shown has yellow petals to go with green sepal
the yellow petals of the flowers, fringed at their bases, partially cover the pale green pistil where they nestle among the rounded green leaves.
a flower with large yellow petals and with thin yellow stamen
these vibrant flowers have nice, lush yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the flower has smooth yellow petals with tiny little yellow filament located in the middle.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has loose ring-like formation of round bright yellow petals with a wrinkled surface.
this flower has pure yellow flowers, a greenish-yellow ovule, and yellow anther filaments.

a large group of light pink flowers with dark pink centers.
these flat purple and white flowers have thick waxy petals.
this flower has pale pink petals that grow into a more vibrant magenta toward the style.
this flower is white and pink in color with dark ovules and five petals.
the flowers have five petals with that are white in color and a purple center.
this flower has five petals that are pink with a much brighter pink closure to the pistil.
these flowers have five petals each, starting with a deep purple color in the center and quickly turning white or light pink.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
this flower has a star-like configuration with white and pink petals.
this flower has five delicate white petals with bright pink centers.

the petals of this flower are purple and white with a long stigma
this flower has curved white petals with rounded purple edges which curl outwards.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a purple anther and petals with a white color and purple on the edges.
this flower has small blue petals with black dots on the inside of them
this flower has white and purple petals with a purple pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this white and purple flower has rounded petals, a green pedicel, and white and purple stamen.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower has hood shaped white purple tipped pedals with purple stamen.

the petals on this flower are really thin and yellow and the pistil is round and yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has yellow pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the pistil of this flower is of radial symmetry petals brightly yellow colored. there are stamen in the center which are of the same color of the stamen. no stigma visible.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and a round yellow pistil.
this flower has a ray-like arrangement of skinny yellow petals sitting upon a dark pink and green receptacle and pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has stringy stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are shaped like a funnel.
a flower with billowing large individual purple petals and green pedicel.
this flower has several conjoined lavender petals with rounded, ruffled edges.
this flower is light lavender color with delicate petals and slim dark green leaves.
the flower has a blue petal with a green pedicel
this fluted flower sports blue petals flecked with white on the edges.
this flower has an open pistil area with 5 small sky blue petals that look soft to the touch.
this flower has large, delicate petals that are either white or very pale purple, several long, dark purple stamen, and large, slender, dark green sepals.
this purple flower has five connected petals that form a trumpet shape.
this flower has crinkled lightly colored petals with a purple ovary and long leaves.

this flower has petals that are pink with short steman
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
pink heart shaped petals with wine-colored stripes surround a wine-colored star with pale pink stamens and stigma in its center.
the flower shown has large pink petals and pink anthers as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are heart shaped and darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this particular flower has petals that are pink and round
bright pink five petal flower with a pink pistil
this flower has five wide, heart-shaped pink petals with vertical striations.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower features green and white petals, green stigma and white filaments.
the flower petals ar white and green in color with larger anthers and stigma
this flower has white petals and a lot of white stamen on it
the petals on this flower are white and green in color with purple anther
this flower has many pointy ended petals that are white with green tips and surround a large group of stamen with white filaments and curly antenna.
this flower has tall and spiky stamen rising on top of a layer of white petals with green points.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
this flower has thick white petals with green veins surrounding tiny white blossoms.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with purple sepals supporting a cluster of small thin purple petals and large green anther and filaments
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stringy stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is white, pink, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals and white center with yellow pistil.
this purple flower has pointed petals and purple and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower has long and very sharply pointed yellow petals which point directly upwards.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are pointed and skinny.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this is a strange flower with yellow, blue, and purple on the petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has a dusty pink pedicel with contrasting upright bright orange petals with pointed tips.
this flower has yellow and purple petals the resemble a bird head.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a blue pistil.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has purple petals and a brown pedicel as its main features
this is a flower with a red pistil and long pink petals.
this flower has many pink petals and the center of the flower is red.
the pretty flower had burgundy long petals with the inside open
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this pink flower has many layered rounded petals with a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has pink petals as well as a red stamen.
a flower with folded back purple petals that surround a purple ovule with dark purple anther filament.

a bright orange colored cluster of blooms on a long green and burgundy colored stem.
a flower with orange petals and whitish anther filaments.
this flower is bright orange in color, and has petals that are orange with veins.
the bright pale orange flowers have delicate petals and three or four stamen in the middle.
this flower has flat, orange petals which overlap in layers.
this flower has dark yellow orange petals that have darker lines on them with white anthers.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
a flower with short and wide petals that is bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has small and very rounded orange petals with delicate red vein accents.

the flower shown has paper like white petals with yellow anther
the flower has large white petals and a right yellow stigma.
the petals are rounde and white in color with yellow anthers
this flower has four large white petals which are ruffled with serrated edges.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and white in color.
a flower with a large yellow ovule covered in yellow stamen that is surrounded by large white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wilted.
this flower has large white petals with irregular edges and a wrinkled texture.
this flower has four large, wrinkled white petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stamen

this flower has smooth white petals with a yellow tint in the center.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower overlap in a wheel-shaped pattern and large and yellow in the middle, lightening to white at the edges.
the petals are two-toned, yellow on the inside and white on the outside.
this flower has a large white petal and no visible stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and a red and green pedicel.
five sided star shape with think soft white oval shaped pedals fading to yellow at center on tough stem like pedicel.
this flower has a dark pink stem underneath a spiraling configuration of five white and yellow petals.

the blooms of the flower are pink on the outside and speckled on the inside with green sepals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals as its main feature
this flower has long pink petals with white and brown spots on it
this bell shaped flower is light purple with dark specks on the bottom of the inside of the tube.
this flower is formed in the shape of a downward facing bell, it has pink flowers with white and brown spots on the inside of the flower.
this is a bell shaped flower that is light purple and has brown spots in the center of the hollow.
this flower has trumpet shaped blossoms in hues of pale pink and white.
this flower has purple bugle shaped pedals with a white brown spotted center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

flower with white and yellow petals on a brown stem
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has smooth white and yellow petals as its main feature
five white petals with yellow partly down their middles, meeting in the center with an orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pedicel.
these flowers has five pointed white petals and yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white and yellow petals that are arranged in a fan-like shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red with green stigmas
this flower has large red petals and green stigma in the center of it
the flower is red in color and the stamen are green in color.
this flower has pink petals that come to a sharp point at their tip.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
a group of flowers that are pointy and pink and have a green stigma.
the petals of the flower are wide and have a pointed tip, and the stamen of the flower consist of pink, yellow, and green.
the flower has soft pink petals that come to a point.
this flower has red petals as well as a green stamen.

this flower is peach and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this blossom are yellow with red spots, and are widely spaced.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, separate and arranged around the stamen in a disc like manner
this flower has petals that are orange with red fots
this flower has six peach colored petals with red leopard pattern spots on them and prominent yellow stamens.
this flower has peach petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has orange and yellow petals with red spots on them.
the flower has petals that are long oval shaped that is orange with pink dots.

the bowl shaped violet flower is soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
the flower shown has bright purple petals which are its dominant feature
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light purple petals and bright yellow stamen.
these flowers have light purple petals with a white bottom, leading to a dark purple stamen and yellow stigma.
this flower has five purple petals that turn white and then back to dark purple in the center, the stamen are green with yellow anthers.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals that get lighter to white closure to the pistil.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the insides.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
the petals of the flower are pink in color and grow up a vine that is green in color.
a purple bell shaped flower with dark spots on the inside of the petals.
this flower has petals that are bell shaped and pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has bell-shaped, lavender petals with tight clusters of stamen in each bell.
this flower is a bunch of purple pink horn petals with white and purple spotted insides.
this flower has a large number of purple bell shaped petals.
the flower has one, bell shaped, pink petal with purple spots on the inside of the "bell."

the flower has thick white petals with yellow middles that are pinwheel shaped.
this is a flower with five petals that are white on the edges and yellow in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
flower with long white and yellow petals on a leafy green stem
this flower has yellow and white petals that make a pinwheel shape
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
there is a cluster of multiple five petal blooms with almond shaped yellow to white sunburst pattern petals.
a flower that is long and wide that is yellow in the center and white on the tip.
a flower with 5 petals are bright yellow in the middle and white on the outside.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this bunch of yellow flowers is comprised of individual flowers with yellow petals, a yellow stigma and light green sepals.
this cluster of small yellow flowers has five rounded petals.
this flower has many small flowers in a cluster, all of which have yellow petals.
the flower has petals of an orange color with no obvious pistil.
this flower has yellow and orange petals atop a light green pedicel.
this flower has small yellow heart-shaped petals which gradate to orange.
a large flower with golden and orange coloration with green stems.
the flower is five heart shaped yellow petals with orange highlights.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading

a flower with crimped purple petals and central cluster of yellow stamen
this flower has a green bulb and yellow stamen surrounded by wide purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
flower petals are rounded in sghpae and are purple in color with many yellow stamen
this flower has five thin smooth petals of purple with pale edges.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with wavy oval shaped petals.
a flower with a long and narrow petal that is purple.
this flower has 5 petals of varying shape and size and intensity of purple.
this flower has purple petals that has yellow stamen and a green style

this flower has green pistil and red petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with yellow center
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this is an orange flower with green leaves and a yellow stigma.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has large fan shaped petals surrounding yellow pistil and stamen.
a orange flower with a long stigma and large pedals.
this flower has red petals, with brown stamen in the center.
this flower has five slightly overlapping, rounded red petals with smooth edges.
this flower has a yellow ovary and bright orange rounded petals.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are curled upward.
a small purple flower with lots of skinny purple stamen.
the flower shown has very thin purple petals with white sepal
the outer petals of the flower are white in color and the filaments are purple in color.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has rows of purple, spiked petals and dark purple pedicels.
the flower has lots of tiny purple filament shaped like a ball which sits on white sepal.
a flower with purple petals and the bottom of the flower is brown and leaves are green

this pink beauty has five petals and they are large, one petal has a darker pink design of dots that is very pretty.
this flower has several pink stamen surrounded by several large, wide, slightly ruffled pink petals.
green receptacles, purple petals, spots on one of the petals
the petals are bright pink as are the stamen, with small purple anthers.
this flower has three stamen in the center and soft pink petals underneath.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this is a pink flower with five petals and pink stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are pink.
a purple star shaped flower with purple stamen and purple anther filament.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has small purple petals and green pedicel as its main features
the pedicel carries a single flower on it and the petals are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower is bright purple with a ball shaped pistil.
the stamen and petals are brightly colored lavender.
this pale purple flower has rounded petals and a purple stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stigma
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.

this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
yellow petals forming a flat fringe around a cup of petals rising and opening around the pistil.
a yellow bell and star shaped flower with yellow filament and anthers.
the flower has yellow petals that are oval shaped with a cup in the middle.
this daffodil has yellow stamen as well as bright yellow petals, the petals are darker inside and lighter outside
this flower has yellow petals and one bell-shaped petal in the center that house a yellow pistil.
this flower has large yellow petals with a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped

this flower is symmetrical in it's arrangement of pink/purple, pointed petals around the stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has pink petals with a yellow stigma and yellow stamen.
this pale pink flower has two rows of separated, star-shaped petals and a large yellow pistil circled by yellow stamen.
this large white and pink flower has waxy curved petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has long pointed ovalish petals, creamy white shading to pink.
this flower has white petals with pink along the edges and a prominent yellow pistil surrounded by small yellow stamen.
this flower has a pink petal with a yellow ovary and a yellow ovule.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow stigma
this flower has white petals and a pale pink edging with a large yellow stamen with brown dot in the middle.

a group of flowers with yellowish pink petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this is a flower with many pointed orange and yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and are pink and yellow in color.
this is a light orange flower that turns yellow towards the receptacle.
a puffy dull coloring flower with green leaves attached to it.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has multiple layers of very small peach colored petals.

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the petals are bright pink and green at the edges, while the sepals are bright green and curved.
this flower has overlapping layers of thick wide pink petals with pointed tips which face upwards.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a thick green stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
a flower with hard leaves that are green and purple petals.
the sepals of this flower are a medium green color and the petals are bright pink.
this flower has layers of pale pink petals which curl up from green leaves.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this yellow flowers have smooth petals and a bunch of stamens.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by five smooth fan shaped yellow petals.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this is a yellow flower with 5 petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has five broad yellow petals around a bright yellow center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yell and make a bell shape

a flower with four pale orange petals with dark orange veins.
dark yellow petals, veined with orange-red, surround a cluster of white stamens in one layer with many gaps.
these two bright orange flowers with red veins have a white center.
a flower with ribbed orange petals and clustered white stamen
this beauty has orange petals that seem to have holes in them with very small brown stamen.
this flower has small rounded orange petals which have delicate red veins.
this flower has large orange petals in sets of 3 or 4.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has rounded bright orange petals with visible veins arranged around short white stamen.

the green sepals are ditached from the yellow part of the flower.
a yellow multiple pedaled flower with bright red center springing up from delicate stems.
this flower is in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stamen
a flower with thin yellow petals, cluster orange stamen, green sepals, and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are bright yellow and numerous in amount.
this flower has simple yellow rows of petals, with a red receptacle and yellow pollen tubes.
this brightly colored yellow flower has a double row of petals surrounding a tightly packed inner circle of orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
large, thin, bright yellow petals and dark red anthers, and green sepals and pedicel.

flowers are laternately arranged,pedicela re green and flower are purple inc olor
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled over at the edges.
this flower has purple petals with long brown filaments and yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have sepals that are green in color.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a bell shape
the petals of the flower formulate a cup shape, and the stamens are a light green color.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are that are bulb shaped.
the bright purple petals are curled at the edges and form a vase shape around a green stigma.
this flower has large green sepals holding its purple bell shaped petals.

the flower shown has pink petals on top of green sepal
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are spotted at the tips.
the flower petals are alternately arranged,outer petals are green and inner petals sre light pink in color
this flower has vertical rows of green sepals surrounding several large pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stigma in the center
this pink flower has pointed many layered petals with a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has light pink, shiny petals with light green tips and light green pedicel.
this pale lavender flower has round and pointed overlapping petals and a pale green sepal.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has large white petals and yellow stigma in the middle of them
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
the flower shown has a smooth white petal with yellow and purple marks
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of yellow
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is short and green
this flower is white and yellow in color, with wavy and thin petals.
the flower has bright white round petals with yellow stamen.

this flower has large white petals with white stamen in the inside
the flower has purple petals and purple stamen in the center
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and white with short stamen
the flower has thin light pink petals and a long pollen tube.
a light pink flower with stamen and leaves are green
this flower has wide white petals with ruffled pink edges.
this flower has white petals that have pink shading on the edges
this flower has pink petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wavy.

the flower has separate petals and its yellow in color with black fillaments
this flower is white, purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has a few pale purple petals that are yellow at their base and have streaks of white and black on them.
this flower has a soft purple colored petals with white and yellow pistil
this flower has purple petals which are oval shaped and have some veining.
the flower has bulbous purple petals with a yellow area near the stamens.
beautiful purple flower with some yellow color in the center of it.
this flower has lavender petals that have white and yellow closer to the pistil.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has five smooth and round petals in varying shades of purple.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigma
this is a strange flower with white and pink petals and pink stamen.
white petals with the hint of red white and red middle green lane
white petals with reddish veining surround a set of reddish filaments topped with bright white anthem.
a large light pink flower with light pink petals and many smaller flowers at it's center covering a dark red ovule.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
there are long white leaves radiating outwards from a crowded base of white and pink stamen.
this flower has a layer of white pointed petals and then a large circle in the center of anther with dark pink filaments and white anther.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.

the flower has white petals that are very dense on the plant.
the petals overlap each other an the stamen and pistil appear to be of similar height.
this flower has many overlapping petals that are white with golden stamen.
the white flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of clustered stamens in many layers
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower has several dozen thin white petals surrounding lots of gold colored stamen.
this flower has a dense amount of thin white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower has yellow stamen and white thin oval shaped petals.
this round flower has lots of long, thin, rounded-edge, white petals and a bright yellow center.

this flower is white in color, with a single large petal.
flower with a large spiraling white petal and yellow stigma.
this is a circular white flower with a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and in a spiral shape
this flower has a large white petal and a large yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has a large funnel shaped white petal with a yellow pistil.
the petal of the flower is a distinctive cone shape, and the stamen of the flower is a vibrant yellow color.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
a large, trumpet-shaped, white flower with a yellow stigma coming from its middle.

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are orange with green stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
the orange flower has petals that are soft and separately arranged around stamens
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have leaves that are green in color.
the flower has five orange petals, two of the top petals have dark lines toward the center.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has green center
a flower with short and wide petals that are orange.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are orange colored.

purple and white petals white middle green leaves
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
the flower shown has pink and white petals, and white anther.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow with pink edges
this flower has white and pink petals with white stamens.
this flower has a white and pink colored petal that has a funnel-like shape.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
the flower has five pink and white pedals surrounding a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges

this flower has a light purple bottom petal with three other petals that are dark purple with green streaks.
flower with four different sized petals with dark purples lines on three of them.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and black lines
this flower is shape like a angle with purple and white at the base and stripes on the open petals
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multicolored.
a mushroom shaped flower with large puffy green and purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and purple shading
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has purple petals with lines of brown and green throughotu.
the flower has a white stripes on the purple petal around the gold pollen tube

the flowers has a brightly colored pink petal with the tips of the filaments in black color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petakls are large and oink in color with the balck colored anthers
there are 5 pale pink petals with 3 of the petals having darker pink spots from the center out. the 1 all pink stigma protrudes from the center of the flower surrounded by 5 pink with black tips stamen surrounding it.
this flower features long black tipped stamens surrounded by rusty red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stigma
these flowers have pink pedals and pink filament topped with black anther.
this flower has bright pink petals with darker pink spots and filaments with black anthers.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red, with some petals having dark black spots.
a red flower with black anther and pink filament and green leaves

the flower shown has white petals with pink on the center petal.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with green pedicel
this flower has petals that are white with purple patches
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
pink flower with 6 petals deep pink veining with yellow throat
this flower has two different petal shapes, one long and thin and the other thick and pointed.
there are five long, white petals and a center tube that is pink and white.
this flower has white petals in a star shape with a white and pink trumpet shaped petal at its center.
this flower has petals that are white and has patches of purple
five white petals surround a trumpet-shaped center with a bright pink inside.

these red and yellow flower petals and flowing, pale yellow sepals.
this unique tropical flower has waxy petals that are red and yellow.
the pretty flower has petals that start of as yellow and turn red in the middle of them.
the stamens hang down low and are a light green color parachuting below the bright yellow centered pink tipped petals.
the flower has six, swept-back petals that are brightly colored with red centers and yellow, ruffled edges.
this flower has long red petals whose yellow edges are ruffled and thick.
there are stamen below the petals, the petals are red and yellow, with a smooth body and wavy appearance, and are narrow and pointed.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow and pink.
this flower has petals that are yellow and pink with curly edges.

this flower has a wide center surrounded by round overlapping petals in a deep plum color.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has dark purple petals with green sepal and pedicel
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the petals are purple and rounded towards the ground with spiky stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are short and curved with dark red
this flower has very dark red petals with small white stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
the many bright yellow petals are long, narrow, and tiny, and are layered upon one another.
this flower has a fringe of hundreds of yellow petals which are hairlike and very thin.
the bloom of the flower is made of thin petals that are yellow in color.
this flower is arranged like a cheerleader pom pom with may yellow petals.
this flower has a bundle of small yellow petal clusters with tube shaped edges.
this flower has a rounded collection of thin yellow hairs and fringe-like yellow petals.
this flower has a few layers of very thin bright yellow petals that are slightly rectangular in shape.
this flower has many long slender petals of bright yellow in a pompom shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin

this flower has five bright red petals which are large and very round.
the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the flowers has a set of 6 brightly colored orange petals.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has broad dark orange petals and is surrounded by broad green leaves.
this flower has petals that are orange and has orange stamen
this flower has large rounded orange petals coming out of long thin receptacles.
this flower has many orange-red petals as well as orange stamen.

the multiple white cupped petals of this flower surround an erect yellow cone shaped pistil.
this unique flower has white and pinkish petals with yellow in the middle
this flower has a tall yellow pistol and numerous long white petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has white petals that are narrow and a yellow pistil.
this single row petaled flower has white rounded petals with a slight violet tinge on the end, with the base connected to a bright yellow exposed pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has a very large yellow pistil as well as purple anther and white petals.
this flower has a wide yellow pistil in the middle of a cup-like formation of oblong white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pink on the tips.

this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
the flower has skinny downturn purple petals and orange stamen.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals on this flower are pink with orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has bright pink veined petals and a large bulb of bright red stamen in the middle.
the flower is so big with its pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in single layer around the bunch of brown stamen
this flower has a spiky brown center and down-turned pink petals with tapered tips.
this flower has a single row of light purple petals surrounding a darker red tipped pistil.
this flower has a single row of light purple petals surrounding a darker red tipped pistil.

the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the flowers have long red and white petals that are pointed.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the petals are a bright red with splotches of white all over, and the stamen is bright green.
this is a large flower with red and white petals and green leaves.
this flower has tapered soft red petals with accents of pure white.
this flower has bright red petals with irregular white markings.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
a large group of red and white flowers and green stigma.
the red petals with white splotches of this flower are large.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this is a large purple flower with brown dots on the petals.
a lavender flower with trumpet shaped petals and dark burgundy spots inside petals.
this flower has a singular large pink petals with red dots on it that gives the flower a trumpet like appearance.
the flower has multiple blooms that are pink and maroon speckled.
this pink and dark red flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has light pink petals with darker colored dots scattered across them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has a large number of purple bell-shaped petals that have white and wine speckled insides.

this flower is pink and brown in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the flower shown has orange spikes in its center, along with light purple petals.
the petals on this flower is purple with orange in color.
the flower has purple petals with green and orange stamen on top
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has long lavender pedals that stretch out from all sides along with huge ovary with orange stamen that appear spiky.
a flower with a large ovule covered in orange stamen and long leaf like purple petals around it's outside.

the flower shown has smooth white petals with white stamen in the center
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed at the edges.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this trumpet shaped flower has several conjoined white petals which ruffle slightly into tapered points.
the flower shown has thin white petals as its main feature.
this is a white flower with one large petal and white stamens.
a flat wrinkly light white flower with a white stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has white petals that are pointed at four corners
a petal that is wide and white with pointed edges.

petals are rounded and floret,they are yellow in color
this dome shaped flower is bright yellow with many small and ruffled petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
bright yellow petals with dark green leaves
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
the flower is bright yellow and full.
this is a brightly colored yellow flower, where all of the petals are yellow
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
small, ruffled, yellow petals with no other structures visible.

this flower is strange because of its style with hard petals and thin purplish leaves.
a green flower with a light purple center.
this flower looks like it is comprised of numerous upright lavender threads about two or three inches long in a circle about five inches in diameter atop a green plant with many layers of protruding green pointed leaves.
this strange looking flower has green and brown pedals with white spikes sticking out the top
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are curled upward.
there is a cluster of bristle like fine filament pale purple petals surrounded by green and brown thick sepal.
this is a green flower that has purple style and purple petals
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has dark pink sepals and a large number of very thin light purple upright petals.

this flower has a trumpet shape with red petals and a white stamen.
the flower shown has several red petals and white anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with white smane
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the plump looking and also overlapping petals are the color of blood oranges with the white stigma poking out.
these flowers have red petals and green stems and white stamen.
this flower has wide rounded red petals with distinct red veins.
this flower has reddish orange petals that form a deep inside and fan out.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has red and has small and white stamen

this flower has teardrop shaped petals. the outer row is a light violet color. the inner row is white. the anthers are yellow, and the filaments are pale green.
flower has circular white petals and circular violet petals.
this is a light purple flower with white petal and yellow stamen
white petals surround the yellow anther and filament on this flower
this is a white flower with a bit of purple undertones and bright yellow stamen
this flower has white and lite violate pedals along with yellow stamen.
this flower has long white petals with light purple sepals and long yellow stamen.
a horn shaped white and velvet flower with a long golden center.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has green pedicel with blue petals as its main features
the periwinkle blue petals of this flower are surrounded by spider like foliage that gives the flower an other-worldly look.
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
a flower with spiny green sepals, purple petals, and thick green stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pale lavender flower has curving green stamens rising from its center.
this is a light blue flower with star-shaped petals and thin, pokey leaves.
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower has light purple petals, along with spikey stems and a long, green stigma.

this flower has layers of petals on the outside with many stamen with yellow anther at the center.
flowers with three sets of petals growing upward and yellow pistils.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are pointed and the middle is composed of yellow anthers.
there are two flowers in this picture, one has multiple long and skinny white petals and the other has multiple long and skinny purple petals that fade to white on the lower layers.
this flower has layers of upturned petals which are thick, waxy, and tapered at the tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and red and has yellow stamen
there are two flowers that seem to be of the same type one has pink leaves, one has yellow leaves with pointed ends on both
this flower has white and purple petals with rows of yellow stamen.

this flower has one large white petal design which is ruffled and slightly star shaped.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are connected together.
the flower shown has white petals and a purple center.
the flower is made of a large white bloom that has a purple center.
the petal is very large and white with a purple center on this flower
this flower has five conjoined white petals with a vivid purple center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center
a medium sized white flower, with one large pedal, and a long pollen tube.
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color dark purple.
this flower has white petals with a deep lavender color at the bottom of the petal.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a dark pink center.
these pale pink flowers have a darker pink center that pops out from the rest of the flower.
this flower has petals that are purple with red stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
large, flat purplish-pink petals with dark pink pistil regions and pedicel.
this pink flower grows in large clusters and has broad pink petals with a darker pink center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red center
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower has clusters of pale pink petals which are smooth and rounded.

the flower shown has thin purple petals as its main feature.
the flower has purple petals with a center made of yellow anthers and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple with short steman
this is a round purple flower with a yellow stigma.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are rounded
this flower has bright purple petals with a black ovary.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this bright purple flower has six wide petals that turn black near the pistil, and the stamen are bright yellow.
these flowers have bright purple petals and yellow green stamen and pistil.
this flower has purple petals opening around a center of black and yellow.

a purple flower with heart shaped petals and tiny white anther.
many small flowers with blue petals on a green stem.
the petals on this flower are purple with small white stamen.
this is a purple flower with darker purple edges on the petals.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
tiny lavender petals with pinkish filament and green stem and style.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has large vertical layers of pale purple petals with delicate ruffles.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this purple flower has pointy petals and black stamen with green pedicel.

the petals of the flower are made of long filaments that are purple in color.
this flower has petals that are spiky and lavender with purple stamen.
the flower has purple petals with a purple stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy and thin
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are very skinny and ruffled.
this flower has long and tubular purple petals protruding in all directions.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals very skinny.
this light purple flower has tube shaped stamen and many petals that are irregular shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
tis lavender flower has thin ruffled petals surrounding many long lavender stamen.

the petals of this flower are pink with green stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with white edges
a pink and white flower with it's petals in the shape of leaves surrounding purple and green stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has leaf-like pink petals with veins and pale edges.
this has different sizes of petal, green stamens and green sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
this pink pale flower has has a lot of green stamens
this flower has more than ten tear drop shaped leaf-like pastel red with white edged petals of multiple size, surrounding several small green stamens.

the pretty flower is yellow and has long dropping petals.
the stigma of the flower is in the center of the yellow petals.
the long round petals that is growing downwards
this a yellow multi demolitional flower with water green leaves
this uniquely shaped flower has several fluttery petals and a tubular center.
a flower with long and yellow petals that are curled outwards.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has large yellow petals that droop downwards towards to the ground.
this flower has bright yellow petals with dark purple veins near the center.
the petals on this flower are bright yellow and hang down below the stamen.

this flower has bright pink petals that are wide and flat.
a pink flower with a deep center holding a large short stigma.
this flower features a small purple ovary surrounded by bright magenta petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are darker on the center.
the flower has petals that are pink with a purple center.
this pink flower has wavy petals and dark blue and pink stamen.
the pink petals of the flower opens on thick a pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink and has a black center
this flower has five connected bright pink petals that ring around a darker center.
this flower has bright magenta petals, a black ovule and a single purple pollen tube.

the flower is made of bristle shaped petals that are yellow in color with red sepals.
the flower shown has a red pedicel and yellow anther
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and small.
a flower that has yellow tipped petals that are also red and dark green
this flower has yellow petals and a pedicel that is brown
this bright yellow flower has not yet opened from its brown enclosure.
this flower has closed yellow petals with green body sepal with red tips.
this flower is a hundreds of needle like yellow petals surrounded by a reddish sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a red stem, leaves, and sepal along with very many small yellow petals.

this flower is small and purple, vaguely star shaped, comprised of five conjoined petals with rounded edges.
these bright purple bloom have delicate little round petals and a stamen that is deep withing the middle of the flower.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are star shaped.
the simple row of petals are light purple and the leaves are green with light green stems.
this flower has a lot of purple petals and on red colored anther in the center of it
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has a bunch of tiny blossoms grouped together and they each have a wheel-like configuration with small purple petals.
this flower purple petals that surrounding the pistil and stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this flower has several large lake purple petals with ruffled edges and deep purple centers.
this flower has petals that are white with bits of purple
the flower shown has petals that are colored white on the outside, and purple on the inner part.
outer petals are light opurple,inner petals are dark pyrple in color
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large white petals that are purple at the tips.
light and dark purple petals droop downward with patches of yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
a flowerw ith long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this flower has long white petals with ruffled edges and a purple mouth.

the flower has long thin purple petals that are sharp at the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and look sharp
this flower has spindly purple petals; the pistil is large, round, and purple.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has long light blue petals and a spiky green stigma in the middle
a flower with long and spiky petals that are purple.
the flower has a lavendar petals with many stamen around the green pollen tube
this flower has thin blue jagged petals and a thick blue pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a big green stigma
this flower has long spike-shaped petals with a cone-shaped pistil.

the flower has yellow petals and white anthers in it.
this flower grows on a branch in clusters and sports showy orange and red petals.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower has orange and yellow colors accompanied by a bunch of stamens.
this flower has yellow and orange clustered petals with white stamen in the center.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has yellow petals that has white stamen and a red patch
this flower has bright yellow and red petals and white stamen.
this cluster of flowers shows some with yellow petal with an orange center and the others have orange petals.

5 angled petals creating a unique star shape with two tones fading into each other.
the flower shown has smooth white and yellow petals with red pedicel
the pedicel is red in color,the flowers are white and yellow in color
this flower has petals that are white with yellow towards the middle
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and a red pedicel.
this flower has white and yellow stiff petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower buds into five white petals with a yellow center and has a red stem.

the flower has multiple layers with white petals that are trimmed in maroon.
this flower has overlapping petals that are white with red edges.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are red on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with red towards the outer edges
a white and red flower with layered petals and dark green sepal.
this flower has white way petals that are edged with red.
this flower has rounded white petals whose dark red edges are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has red edges
the petals of this flower are white and tipped red and the pedicel is green
this flower has crinkled multicolored petals that are white with a jagged red border.

several large pink petals surround a small pistil which is also light pink.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower features a small group of purple stamen surrounded by wide purple petals.
the horn-shaped flower has four big petals and three stamens.
this simple pink flower has a deep throat with a pink stamen in the middle.
this flower has a pink stigma and broad pink leaves.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pink pistil.
with large green leaves, the flower has large medium pink petals with short pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
this flower has pink petals with a slight white base and light pink stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this is a yellow and white flower with many layers of petals.
this flower has many rows of soft yellow pedals and a dark green pointed sepals .
the flower shown has a green pedicel with yellow and white petals
this huge yellow bloom has several layers of delicate pedals.
this pale yellow flower has numerous petals and thin sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
the flower is characterized by its layered, light yellow petals, and its dark green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered and ruffled on the edges.
this flower's main feature is its many cream colored petals.

the flower has orange petals with white anther located in the center
this flower has round, orange petals and a white pistil.
the petals are orange in color rounded shapes and larger anthers
broad orange petals with a seedy looking center
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have small veins.
this is a pale yellow orange flower with several leaves and filaments that are in the middle.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
fan shaped orange with red highlighted pedals surrounding a green stamen.
this flower has four orange petals that are smooth and rounded.

the petals are red in color and the stamen is fully visible.
this bright red flower sports a long style with several pointed sections on the stigma.
a flower with open red petal system, red stigma, red anther, and red filaments
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are red with a red pistil.
this flower has dark red petals, yellow stamen, red pistil.
this red flower has rounded petals and a red stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
a flower with long and pointed petals that are red.

this dome shaped flower has numerous layers of small, ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very ruffled
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has a large amount of small bright yellow petals that give the flower a ball shape.
these pretty bunches of flowers has a lot of yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
a yellow flower with many multilayers of small yellow delicate petals covering the whole flower hiding the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has a wide rounded mound of pale ruffled yellow petals.
this flower is an explosion of yellow petals that all unfold from the center.

this small white flower has waxy thick petals with yellow centers.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the flower has thick white petals with a yellow middle.
this flower has five smooth white petals with tapered edges and bright yellow centers.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a small white color flowers with green leaves and bottom of the flower has yellow and light pink petals
the five stiff, somewhat overlapping petals of this flower gradually turns from yellow to white moving away from the stamen.
thick petals, white at the edges and yellow in the center, form a spiral pattern, and the pistil is not visible.
this flower has white petals with a yellow base on them as they curve into each other to stem of the flower.
white and yellow petals with stamen and style so small they can barely be seen.

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are green at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower has very thick spiraling layers of pink petals with pointed tips.
flower has petals that are overlapping and pink with green pedicel.
the flower is composed of pink petals that are pointed have green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the pink petals of this flower are rigid and overlap in a zigzag.
the pink petal are tight together and there is a lot of sepal.
thick pink petals are overlapping and growing upward into a cone shape.

the bright yellow anther of this flower are surrounded by a single row of round petals boasting the same vibrant color.
a dark yellow flower that has green pedicel supporting it and also a bunch of stamen in its middle
this small flower has vibrant yellow petals and the same colored stamen.
a bright yellow flower with four broad overlapping petals and sparse yellow filaments in the center.
the petals of the flower are orange and the anther filament is also orange.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
an orange flower with four dish shaped orange petals with orange stamen at it's center.
this flower has small yellow petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has four yellow petals surrounding its short yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

the flower has long pale purple petals that curl back, and very long stamen.
this flower has long pink petals, with the stamen being the same color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has long crinkly pale purple petals and very long purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has long thin pink petals and long pink stamens.
the petals of this flower are light purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin

this flower has petals that are purple with long stamen
the flower shown has smooth purple petals with white stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are shaped like a bell.
the flower has a longer in size pistil with the stigma hanging ooutside
this purple flower is trumpet shaped with conjoined petals that curl slightly outwards.
a flower with long petal that is curled outwards and light purple.
this flower has a large funnel shaped petal that is light pink in color with generally smooth edges.
this is a violet colored flower, large in size, with 1 large petal.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a small white stigma

a flower with purple petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
the flower has a set of 5 petals which the outline of the petals are in white color.
this flower has a central green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by five wide, rounded purple flowers.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a center that is outlined in yellow.
this flower has rounded purple petals with white edges and very small yellow filaments.

the flower has yellow petals which appear to be drooping with a green pedicel
the petals of the flower are color yellow with red stripes.
a flower with green pedicel and drooping yellow and brown petals
the newer petals of this flower of yellow petals with red coloring at the base reach upward while the outer older petals curve downward.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and have veins.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has a thick green receptacle that holds droopy bright yellow petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink at the tips and pointed.
this flower has long white petals and long white stamen on it
this flower has petals that are pink with many stamen
this pale flower has light pink petals and white, pink and green stamen.
a white flower with pink outline and green sepal and white filament and stamen
a flower with white and pink petals and a greens tem.
the stamens of the flower emulate the texture of a hair brush, and have shades of pink, green, and white throughout.
this flower has small white and pink petals that bend backward to expose large stamen.
this white and pink flower has petals as well as a pedicel.

the tropical flower has blue and yellow petals that stem from a rigid stem.
the petals of this flower are orange and blue with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and blue in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
a flower that has the shape of a swan with two narrow orange petals at it's top and one purple flower underneath.
this flower has orange long petals with long sharp edges.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has large yellow and blue petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has bright orange petals that stand upright with pointed tips.

the flower has petals that are red in color, smooth, separated and arranged around the stamen that has white anthers
this flower has red petals and a lot of white anthers in the center
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with white stigma.
this is a beautiful red flower with few large petals.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this red flower has rounded petals and white stamen with green sepals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has short, white stamen that are surrounded by bright red rounded petals.

the petals of this flower are white and pink with a a short stigma
a closed up flower with white petals accompanied by pink tips with no visible pistils.
the petals of the flower are pink and purple in color and have a brown stem attached to the bud.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker at the bottom.
this flower has petals that are white with pink patches
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has very smooth white petals which are bent backwards from a fuchsia center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center
this white and pink flower has rounded petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pedicel.

the flower has a set of 5 petals that are composed of 2 violet, 2 white and 1 yellow colored petal.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has solid purple petals and other colors of petals that have purple stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple with white and yellow shading
this flower has different colored petals, two dark purple ones, two white ones with purple streaks and one with yellow and purple markings.
this flower is beautiful with its distinct purple color, the base allows the yellow to be much more vibrant.
five pointed star shape with oval purple pedals and single yellow lower pedal with two clusters of many small stamens.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow and white shading
five petals flower with half purple and white yellow mixed petals having small dark purple line on petals other than purple color
this purple white and yellow flower has rounded petals and a brown pedicel.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower shown has yellow anther with white petals surround them
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and a long stigma
the flower has many white petals that are ridged and round.
the flower shown has egg yolk petals as its main feature.
a white round flower with white petals and a yellow center with yellow petals.
this flower has a white floppy petal with a big yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has bushy yellow stamen
this flower has an overall wrinkled texture with white around the edges and a bright yellow center.

this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has multiple layers of rounded petals which are yellow on the bottom and pink on the outer edges.
this flower has spiraling layers of round orange petals with blush pink edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches
the flowers has a set of petals that vary in shade in color, ranging from red to orange.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the flower has layers of soft petals that are pink and orange in colored.
this flower has a spiral of pink rounded curling petals with pale orange center.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.

the flower has white petals with yellow middles as well.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white patches
the petals are color white and yellow that are overlapping each other.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has five smooth white petals which fade to bright yellow at the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow shaded center
the mostly yellow petals change to a purw white color at the edges of the petal.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

a flower with white petals and pink streaks with no pistils visible.
this flower has small white petals with pink tips and no visible outer stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has yellow ruffled petals that are overlapped and striped with red.
this flower has petals that are white with spots of pink
the creamish white flower has many ruffled petals with an accept pink lines at the tips of the petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has red spots
this flower has a large number of white crinkled petals with pink markings bunched together.
this flower has yellow petals with splashes of pink and white at the tip
this flower has yellow white petals with red tips.

some sharp pink petals surround a large yellow group of stamen and a large yellow pistil.
the flower has several pink petals with a cylinder shaped stamen and pistil.
this is a lotus-like pink flower that has pink petals and yellow stigma and stamens.
the petals on this flower are a hot pink color with yellow pistil in the center
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pointed petals are pink and surround a cluster of golden colored anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and has long style
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this light and dark pink flower has pointed petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has long pink outer petals and a yellow stigma.

this flower has a dappling or spotting pattern on its bright red and yellow petals.
pedivels are greeen incolor,petals are marropn spotted in color
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
the petals on this flower are yellow with red dots.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
the flower has many petals that are pink, yellow, and orange with dots.
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has a sparse six-pointed arrangement of orange oblong petals with pink spots on them.

the petals on this flower are white with white stamen
this flower had petals that are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected.
white petals with a flat end forming a cup over delicate stamen.
this flower has a wide rounded white design with soft edges and thin white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
white flower petals opening up showing the inside of the stigma with the pollen tube showing
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower is tubular shaped and has white petals and subtle yellow anther.

the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth, thick and separately arranged in a disc like shape
this flower has petals that are yellow and form a pinwheel
this is a flower with five yellow petals and a yellow center.
this flower has five petals and are all yellow and round
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five distinct yellow petals which are smooth, rounded, and slightly shiny.
this flower has very pale yellow petals with yellow stamen at the center of the flower.
this flower has a single row of bright yellow petals and stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
the petals are yellow, and the stigmas are yellow.

this fuchsia water flower bud has tightly closed petals emerging on a thick stem from large floating leaves
the petals are pink in color and have a thick stem along with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the flower is a very light pink with petals that appear to be closed up into the shape of a oval like structure.
this closed bud has several rows of pointed pink petals.
a pink bud with green sepal and the petal are white stripes in some petals
the color of the flower petals slowly changes, but never settling on one color.
this flower has pink petals wrapped around each other and a thick green stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together

the petals of this flower are white with a large stigma
this is a small white flower with long ruffled petals that have yellow on them.
a flower with white and yellow petals and green pedicel and sepal.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and smooth.
this flower has petals that are white with a shade of yellow
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals wavy and wrinkled.
this flower is yellow and white petals with the green stems
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has oddly shaped white petals which curl upward and downward.
this flower has white and has a small yellow patch

this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and large green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with green edges
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and mutlicolored.
the flowers have red and yellow petals that are long and thin.
the flower shown has red and green petals with green pedicel
this flower is green, red, and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy along the edges.
the petals are long and thin and red and yellow and have very long and thin stigma.
the petals of this flower are green, yellow and red, and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
this flower has long thin red petals with ruffled yellow edges.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals are pointed and bright pink in color, while the stigma is green.
this flower's petals are quite large and red, and the pistils are comparatively small.
this flower has pink overlapping petals with a green ovary and pink anthers.
the petals on this flower are red with green stamen.
this flower has large bright pink petals and small pink stamens.
this flower has many layers of bright pink petals with pointed tips in varying sizes, ranging from very large to extremely small.
this flower has a pinkish color petals with green in the middle
this flower has petals that are red and has imprint lines
this flower has pale pink leaves which have pointed tips and prominent veins.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the anthers are yellow while the petals are purple in color.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled at the ends.
this flower has yellow stamen and bright purple petals that wrap around the flower.
this violet flower has overlaid rounded petals with several tall yellow styles.
this flower has bright purple petals that overlap each other and it has yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals and has thick yellow stamen
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
these flowers have purple petals with yellow stamen in the center embedded on green leafy.

this white flower has a delicate tube-like petal formation with prominent yellow stamens.
the petals on this flower are white and connected; as well as a yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are connected together
the shape of the flower looks like a bell with all of it's petals in white color.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are white and light pink
a large white funnel shaped flower with a golden stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large white petals with long white stamens.

the petals with visible filaments are white with some purple buds and white filaments
flowers are alternaetly arranged,they are light purple in color
this flower has petals that are white and very small
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small white petals with no visible stamen coming out of it
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
alternating flowers on the pedicel have petals that are between pink and white in color, and have long white filaments with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red tips
this flower is white with many stamens popping out of the middle with red buds around it.
this flower has alternating white and purple leaves and a thin green stem.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this blossom has several bright pink pistils and green sepals with pink veins.
this flower has stick like pink petals that are as thin as a stick.
this bright pink flower has several spiky skinny petals with pinkish green leaves on a slender stem.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has pink petals as well as a blue pedicel.
this pink flower has many pointed petals with a green pedicel.
a flower with purple petals hanging from a dark green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled up and oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower has thin lavender petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are upright, and pink with a burgundy pedicel.
the pedicel of this flower has a brown appearance. the petals are upright, with a light purple appearance.
this is a purple flower with long and upward pointing petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curved upward.
this flower has a dark straight stem that leads up to its upright smooth purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of purple
this flower has pointed pink petals which are bent back from a darker purple center.
the petals of this flower are pink and dark pink and the pedicel is green

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has spiky orange petals and no visible stigma on it
the flower shown has long spiked yellow and purple petals
the flower has several yellow petals with just a few dark blue petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the flowers are orange and grow vertically out of the wide sepal.
this flower has very tall and spiky bright orange petals.
this particular flower has petals that are long and pointy with orange

a flower with triangular petals with white and pink on them and long orange and black stamen
the flower shown has purple petals along with yellow anther and filament
this pale pink flower has petals that get lighter as it goes to the tips and yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are light pink with a darker pink inside with yellow stamen.
this water flower has pale pink petals and orange anthers.
flower, with elongated multi-level pink petals, whereas each level of petal is shorter than the previous, at center numerous yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the beautiful flower is big with pink petals that are so soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming bowl like shape in concentric layers
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thick yellow stamen surrounded by layers of oblong pink petals in an upward arrangement.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has light lavender and white petals speckled with black surrounding green stamen and pistil.
leaves are green in color,petals are light purple in color
this flower has lavender petals with purple spots overlapping lavender petals, with green anthers and purple filaments.
this flower has three light purple pear shaped petals with black spots and three wide light purple petals.
this unique looking flower has purple leaves with green tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple spots
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this pink and dark purple flower has pointed and rounded petals and pink and green stamen.

the petals of the flower are short and pointed and are pink and yellow in color.
lovely flowers like the geranium in pale pink tones of beauty.
this flower is peach in color around a yellow center.
soft sherbet orange flower almost looks plastic.
the many layers of closely packed petals are peach and yellow, and the leaves are wide and toothed.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
a flower with long and anrrow petals that have a yellow center.
this flower has a mound of pale yellow and peach-colored petals.

this flower has long white petals and long purple stamen in the middle of it
the flower has large green petals that are long and thin.
this flower has petals that are white with shades of green and stringy stamen
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pale green rounded petals under a thick layer of purple fringe.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has long white petals and purple striped curly petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly stringy purple, while yellow-green is the color of the stamen.

this flower has orange petals and pistil as its main features
sepals are green,petals are roubnded anad a prominent orange pistill
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
flower with veined yellow and red petals, surrounding a tall dense yellow pistil.
this flower has large orange petals and long orange stamen with orange anthers
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has burnt orange petals layered together and hanging from a green pedicel.
this yellow, orange, and red flower has rounded petals, a green pedicel and yellow, red and white stamen.
this flower has shallow green sepals with a bell-like configuration of orange petals.

the petals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
the petals of the flower are folded in color and are pink and yellow in color.
the yellow on these petals fade to red along the tips and they swirl toward the middle, hiding all of the pistil
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are curled around the ovary.
this flower has it's yellow and pink petals woven into a coil like pattern around it's stamen.
this flower has a spiral of wide, round yellow petals edged in blush pink.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
the petals of this flower are yellow and peach and the pedicel is green

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pale pink flower has very delicate rounded petals with yellow ends.
this flower has small white petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has several large pink petals with very ruffled edges.
this flower has vertical rows of pale pink petals which curve and ruffle.
this flower has bright pink petals with white on the exteriors.
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
the ruffled pale pink and white petals surround a yellow and white center that is very feminine.

a flower with white petals and a large light yellow stigma in the center.
this flower has a single white petal and a single yellow style protruding.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow style
the petals on this flower are purple with a yellow pistil.
this flower has a thick yellow pistil wrapped in a white petal which is thick and smooth and has one sharply pointed tip.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow style
a dull gray shiny flower with a long dull yellow stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.
a flower with a large petal that is blue and surrounds the pollen tube.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and a thick white petal with pointed tip.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower overlap each other and are red
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower has small red petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this red petaled flower has a spreading set of petals and orange stamen.
this bright red bold looking flower has a lot of petals and dark yellow inner part.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has several overlapping rows of soft, brilliant crimson petals with many yellow stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.

this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the flower shown has green pedicel with bright yellow petals
this is a long yellow flower with light petals and green leaves.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are red with ruffled edges
a flower that has stacked petals that are light yellow.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and make a bell shape
this flower has vertical layers of blossoms of pale rounded yellow petals.
this flower has a column-like formation of blossoms consisting of wavy yellow petals.

the flower has bright yellow petals with prominently yellow stamen with anthers
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has large yellow petals and yellow colored anthers in the middle
this small flower has five shiny yellow petals with slightly pointed tips.
a yellow flower with yellow anther and filament and the leaves are green and thin
the small flower has bright yellow petals, bright yellow stamen and a long green arms.
this flower has five bright yellow petals with yellow anthers.
this flower is small in size with bright yellow glossy petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the five petals of this light purple flower surround a light green center that is rimmed in yellow filaments.
a flower with open broad pink and white petals and yellow cluster of stamen
this flower has pink petals that fade into white at the ends and a yellow center with a green core.
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by pink and white petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are lighter around the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a green ovule, yellow anther filaments and purple and white petals.
this flower has light pink petals in a wheel-like configuration and yellow filaments.

a tissue paper like spread of white petals surround a brilliant looking golden yellow stamen in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow stamen.
this flower has a large white petal with a bright yellow anther
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by large, very ruffled white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are bunched together and ruffled.
this flower has a fringed yellow center and very ruffled, very wide white petals.
this white flower has rounded petals, yellow stamen and a yellow stigma.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is big and yellow

leaves are green in color,petals are white in clor with a ayellow patch
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have a star in the center.
the petals of the flower are white in color with a yellow center and large green leaves.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming a disc like shape
this flower has wide and rounded white petals and a star shaped yellow center.
this flower has five yellow and white petals that have a star shape.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the flower has round soft petals that are white, yellow, and brown.

these are narrow long bell shaped blossoms which are light purple with dark purple spots lined with white edges on the inside.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
light purple trumpet shaped flowers speckled with white spots with black centers on the interior of the flower.
the flowers on the plant are pink in color and and have green stems.
this purple color flower has the trumpet shaped petals which are dotted inside with white and purple color
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has small trumpet shaped petals of purple with darker spots in the middle.
the petals on this flower are mostly light purple in color and the inner stamen is the color spotted brown.
this is a long purple flower with dark brown spots in the middle.

the beautiful flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged on top of sepals
this flower has green pedicel and smooth pink petals as its main features
this flower is pink oval shaped. in color, with petals that are
the petals of the flower are hot pink, while the ovule is light green.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
a pink flower with pink buds and the leaves are green and big
this flower has bright pink petals that flare out sideways standing on thick stems with flat green leaves.
yellowish stem leading up into oval like pink petals that fade into whit near the tip
this flower has petals that are pink and folded downwards
the flowers have round soft petals that are a bright pink.

that flower has nice white petals and cool green leaves that allow it to float on the water.
the white petals are long oval shaped with a pointy end.
the pretty flower is white and floats on the water.
the flower has many white petals as well as yellow pollen tubes
this beautiful water lily has white petals that stand straight up.
this is a white flower with many thin petals surrounding the pollen tube.
white petals that point upward and have a few black spotsand the stigma is yellow.
this flower has a yellow center and upturned layers of pointy white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stamen
this flower has multiple rows of white petals that make a cup-like formation.

pedicel are green,petals are yellow in color
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are thin and uneven at the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
a light orange colored flower with a light green pedicel.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and round
this flower has a very light green pedicel and bright orange petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are satellite shaped

white petals with pink rims surrounding a solid flat yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pink at the tips.
the flower contains white oval-like petals, the stamen is yellow with red spots.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has thick white petals and a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower has a wide yellow pistil in the center of different layers of white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this particular flower has petals that are white and pointy

this flower has purple pistil and petals as its main features
this flower has purple petals, a green pedicel and white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
the flower has petals that are light purple and light purple stamens.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched closely together.
a bee sits on top of the purple and white petals of this flower.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
this flower has light purple petals that are oblong shaped and configured in an uneven ring.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has the simple row of yellow petals with the numerous stamens holding the large anther at the top
this flower has large yellow petals and a large yellow stigma in the center
the flower has petals that are yellow in color and has yellow filaments in the center.
this flower has four shiny fright petals and several yellow stamen.
this flower has small and very smooth, wide yellow petals which are very shiny.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are shiny and rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has curled in yellow petals that appear most with a yellow stigma.
a large yellow flower with yellow petals and yellow stamen at it's center.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has large pink petals and yellow anthers in the center of it
the purple flower has curved petals and surrounded by green leaves
this flower has light purple flowers that have magenta outlines around their tips.
purple petals with a darker tinge at the edge, and a small cluster of stamen and pistils at the center.
this flower has overlapping rounded layers of soft pink petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are layered.
the petals are pink, with a darker pink fringe, and the tiny yellow stamen curl inwards.
this flower has many rounded pink petals that are a brighter pink at the edges
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pin with flowery white sigma
a flower with large, broad pink petals and central star shaped cluster of white stamen
flower has petals that are red with a star shaped white stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
the petals of the flower are a bold red color, and the tips of the petals are slightly pointed
this flower has pink petals with white stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has big magenta petals and a tiny white pistil with yellow.

a flower with small thin pale yellow petals and orange stamen cluster
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
the flower shown has several layers of skinny yellow petals.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
vibrant yellow flower with long points with a hint of gold in the center nestled in the grass.
this flower has a very large number of tiny yellow petals that are grouped together tightly.
a yellow flower with multiple strands that seem to stick straight out. it's orange like in the middle.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and closely bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
no petals are visualized but there are many large purple to white stamen with a very large pistil which carries green to yellow stigma.
the flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth, thick and separately arranged in a disc like manner that is facing towards the ground
this flower has petals that are white, purple and very stringy
the flower has long string like petals with green at the top.
this flower has long, thin, purple petals with a large, complex pistil.
the flower has long stringy purple petals and yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with oval shaped petals.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in single layer below the layer of spiral stamen

the petals of this flower are white and purple with a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with hints of purple
a flower with dotted purple white petals and large tower of white and green anther and filaments
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots and light green stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with purple spots.
this flower has a very tall, upright pistil and stamen surrounded by a flat, star-like configuration of white petals with purple spots.
this flower has small white petals with purple dots leading to the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

the flower has a long white pollen tube and large orange petals.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has a large, protuberant pollen tube surrounded by five large, slightly overlapping petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has wide veiny orange flowers with a pink center where they meet, with a long piston that is pale yellow.
this flower has a large orange petal and a long orange style with a lot of yellow anther filaments
this flower has bright orange petals with ridges on their surface and a tall and prominent pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are pink near the ovary.
flower with 5 roundish orange petals that have white pinkish origins, long style ermerging from center of flower (stands above petals), at end of style short filaments with very small anthers.
this flower has large flat orange petals that curve down into the pollen tube around a yellow stigma.

