Black and white bird sitting in an evergreen tree
A man in a wet suit holding a surfboard over his head.
A living room with a view of a large apartment building.
a woman is sitting in front of a desk
A man playing the guitar while at his music workstation.
Three snow shoers trekking across a snow covered field carrying something on their backs.
A woman walking with a pan in her hands with a whole pizza on it. 
A line of wine glasses filled with wine on a wooden table.
Four statues holding umbrellas in a flower bed
A baseball player swings his bat while the umpire and referee wait behind him.
A couple of cats relaxing with each other on the bed.
A sign attached to a metal light post.
A guy doing a trick on a skateboard on a indoor half pipe.
A bed with a scene of a carnival on the sheets.
A bus and others vehicles are sitting in traffic. 
A group of used toilets next to a wall.
A basset hound rests on a leather chair.
The plate with fruit salad is near two plate of salad.
an image of a herd of zebras in the zoo
Someone is living in this studio apartment for one person.
A street sign is painted yellow and white.
A horse grazing on top of a lush green forest.
A man standing up giving a toast at an event
a cat resting on a table with electronics
A baseball player holding a bat and a catcher squatting behind him. 
A silver toilet that has no movable seat on it.
this is a small baby and a bear on a bed
Fruit and other edible snacks enclosed in glass containers. 
Silhouette of a person hang gliding in the water.
Man in white and red hitting a tennis ball.
a gray black and white cat is sitting on a brown cabinet
A person on a surfboard in mid-air with water splashing under him.
Four people are on a bench next to a store.
A man is walking alongside a subway train.
A young woman is carrying a red umbrella.
Two giraffes standing in an enclosure with green grass and rocks.
A girl with a backpack walks through a crowded street.  
A large grassy pasture with grazing sheep in it
A young boy sitting at table eating from a green bowl.
Onions and other vegetables are being boiled in a stew pot.
A red motorcycle parked on the street while people pass
a woman walking down a dusty street in front of a mural
a small orange sign in the middle of a street
A fire hydrant in the grass near parked cars. 
a picture of some sime characters in a hallway
A young person is riding on a skateboard.
a man playing tennis, running to hit a ball
A cow and a bird eating a smashed watermelon.
a large black and white cat on top of a black suitcase
A group of kites in a sky, some of which look like human legs.
A small bowl has food in it from the larger bowl.
A small toy is sitting on a plate of pizza.
a female sitting in a bed with the lights off working on a lap top computer
Donuts traveling down an assembly line in a factory while people work behind it.
A soldier is standing on a military vehicle.
Four parade balloons flying over a grass area.
A man is talking on a cell phone while holding a beer in his other hand.
Two horses in a field of tall grass and wildflowers.
A man riding a skateboard down a street.
A woman organizes a plate of cookies and other foods. 
A twin bed with restraints and a blood pressure machine next to it.
A person flying through the air on skis.
Several people wait in the water with surfboards. 
A woman jumping in air playing a game of tennis
A group of people hanging out next to the ocean.
Three people in uniform cutting a cake with others watching.
A bus parked on the side of the road letting passengers on. 
The man is on the edge to take a picture.
Stuffed teddy bear placed in a lighted Christmas tree
A man taking a swing at a tennis ball
A man on a computer screen on a desk with a cup of coffee.
A truck driving down the road full of yard garbage
something white and frayed on the end a knife 
Three jockeys and three horses competing in a race against each other
A door for exiting and entering the house in the kitchen.
A herd of animals grazes in a field while a zebra nurses its foal.
Two different shots show piece of pizza at different stage of consumption. 
A skier is in mid air doing a trick.
a young person riding a surf board in a body of water
Surfers are practicing in the shore of a beach.
In the distance between two buildings stands a clock tower. 
A clock above a building with clouds and lightning in background.
Two big soup bowls with a large spoon hanging .
The man is holding an extremely large pizza with a lot of stuff on it.
The tower has a clock displayed in order to tell time. 
Woman in glasses looks over as she's holding up a donut
A small toilet bowl on display in the center of a room
Cars are transported on a boat across a body of water.
 a piece of cake on a plate and cup full of liquid sitting on the table
A little girl playing with a teddy bear and chewing on a toothbrush.
a cross country skier finishes a race while other skiers are coming up behind him
A close up of a black and white teddy bear sitting on a bench.
A american flag painted fire hydrant with chains hanging at it side.
A beer truck is parked on the street outside a building.
A group of people play soccer on a field.
Adult teacher keeping watch on students in classroom.
A stop sign at an intersection with blue sky in the background.
a red double decker bus going down the road with a lot of pedestrians on the side

a tray filled with assorted donuts that are glazed
A man in a wetsuit that is riding on a surfboard.
A No Parking sign is attached to a telephone pole.
A man standing on a tennis court while holding a racquet.
Man making funny gesture with tongue while sitting on motorcycle.
A crowd of people looking at circus elephants.
A woman standing on grass holding a colorful kite.
A man standing in the forefront of a large clock.
An elephant walking along a trail next to a grass field.
A group of giraffes that are standing in the grass.
A woman playing tug of war with a frisbee and a dog.
Firefighters putting out a truck that apparently caught fire.
A table displaying linens of assorted colors next to some scissors and paper.
Frisbee in the air, a dog squatting looking up at it, and a man standing behind the dog watching it, on the grass with a tree.
A man is surfing in a wave simulator.
two guys eating pizza from a box in a kitchen
A man that is standing in the sand.
A man standing next to a sign talking on a phone.
A person on a motorbike drives past a gate.
Three people enjoying wine and laughing with a person that is not in the image.
A ROCKING CHAIR HAS A PILLOW IN ITS SEAT
A man tossing a frisbee in  a field
A person wearing a tshirt is cutting a piece of paper using scissors
a person jumping skis in the air 
Two beds with a nightstand in between them.  
a person walking on skis on a snow bank.
Next to a building, a woman crouches next to her luggage and looks at her phone. 
A dish on the counter covered with aluminum foil. 
A man playing tennis on a red coat in all white.
A man that is sitting at a desk with a pen and laptop.
a couple of fire hydrants sit on some snowy grass 
man in a green shirt and white shorts playing tennis
A young boy playing frisbee on the beach.
a red headed bird is standing on the rocks
Two brown elephants walking through mud in a jungle. 
A person riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
A person on a surfboard riding an ocean wave.
Three little boys preparing for a base ball game outside.
This man is skiing down a mountain slope.
A dog coming out from behind a curtain while another lays on top of a couch. 
A pile of luggage sitting up against a wall.
A fire truck sitting in the stations park lot.
A man is performing stunts on a skateboard in a parking lot.
A view of a toilet with a sewage plunger sitting next to it.
An assortment of vegetables are on a table.
A sole yellow flower emerges from a blue vase.
A tennis player in a red shirt has her racquet raised.
A man with sunglasses holding up half of a corn dog.
Several cars parked near a desk holding a computer.
three members of a baseball team playing a game
A biker and his motorcycle stuck in the mud.
A man is snowboarding down a hill. 
A cute cat picture that is dressed up in Christmas outfits.
A blue truck is standing by the side of the building with a red door.
A person in the air with a skateboard upside down underneath.
A sandwich with salad on a plate and a cup of pop
A skier preparing to go up a large mountain.
A desk with a monitor, keyboard and laptop on it.
A mirror image of a red haired doll clock.
A man in a top hat and suit standing in front of an old truck talking on his cell phone.
A group of people drive a big bus down the city
A toy train is pulling into a station.
A pile of fresh hair clippings sitting on a dresser top.
An older gentleman is holding up an antique at a clock store.
A white computer desk with a black monitor, a blue lava lamp and a small black fan. 
The woman wearing a costume among others is using a cell phone.
A couple sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
Several motorcycles stand in a row facing an open street.
A man sitting on a bench in front of a building undergoing construction.
A girl walking across the beach carrying her surfboard.
A boat on the water with a persons feet sticking up out of the boat.
a person taking a photo of a baby with their cell phone 
We are looking at a bench and a light in the park.
A young man holding out a very old cell phone
A green stuffed toy inside of a plastic container next to a hot dog.
A yellow motorcycle in parking lot next to other motorcycles.
a large zebra standing next to a tree
A slightly rusty train stopped on the tracks in the forest
A neat and clean bathroom in blue and white.
A zebra and its foal grazing on the savannah near a bird.
A shiny elephant is walking through dirt piles.
A woman with a pink suitcase walks down a city sidewalk.
A group of people are all at a table lined with computers.
A foreign airline status board with a clock.
A bathroom with a designed floor and toilet in the middle of the wall.
Small boy with no shirt on holding up a soccer ball. 
A white cat sticking his head out through something.
A miniature train has a snowy mountain setting.
a close up of a light tower near a body of water
A dog has crazy eyes as he tries to keep the frisbee.
A full view of a living room filled with pink color. 
Two knives sticking into a table side by side. 
A PERSON IS STIING ON A COUCH WATCHING TV
Two men riding on the backs of two elephants. 
A bus with its doors open and passengers standing inside.
A young man surfs in a small blue wave.
A man and two dogs gathering a herd of sheep.
Two giraffes standing outside while people watch them
The baseball player is excited about his good play.
A cat with a concerned look sitting on a suit case.
A train is crossing on an overpass near a billboard.
A boy running with a kite shaped like airplane.
A museum with an old military motorcycle and jeep on display. 
Several people holding umbrella's riding in a boat.
An old desk with many items on top of it. 
There is a bus and cars on a street.
A man is standing on a snowy hill by a ski lift. 
A giraffe stands in the brush near trees.
A girl in is riding a white horse on a sunny day.
A black and gold clock in front of a large building. 
Lady with arm full of tattoos sitting on her suitcase.
Two wooden park benches perpendicular from one another in a garden. 
there is a street sign that has been written on
A man is wearing sunglasses while skiing down a mountain.
A bird that has its wings stretched out on a beach. 
A toilet is being used as a plant pot outside.
A kitchen scene with wood floors and wood style cabinets.
Frisbee barely thrown away from hand with intended target person.
A dark image of multiple clocks set to different time zones.
Several men standing and jumping in a field playing soccer.
A church building reaching up into the dark, cloudy sky.
A pizza with a slice missing is sitting on a pizza stand.
A cat propped up with pillows sitting on a bed.
A woman with white makeup is in a salon.
Five woolly sheep grazing in a snow-covered, fenced-in a valley pasture. 
A bathroom rack is standing haphazardly on the outside of a shower stall.
A wooden table containing papers, scissors and a tape dispenser.
A bus at a bus stop along a street filled with taxis.
a man standing on the beach holding onto a kite high in the sky
A plate of donuts sits atop a brown counter-top. 
A woman sitting on a horse being assisted by a man.
A man rides a an inflatable chair as he rides down a river.
A car covered in dolls and doll parts with people in the background.
A young boy holds a softball bat over his head indoors.
A kite flying over a large flying united states flag.
Group of motorcycles lines up alongside a motel.
A person windsurfing in the dark ocean  while another is doing something else. 
Several white buses in front of some kind of terminal.
A skier heads toward a ski resort building 
The chocolate brownie is the most desirable thing to eat. 
There is a person that is cutting food
A Large bed with a red blanket with vine print on it in a white room.
Two girls and a pink flying disk toy outside.
Three laptops on peoples laps in the back of a car.
A baseball player signaling to another player or coach.
Three adult giraffe roaming a tall grassy area.
An attendant watches from a passenger train as a man boards another train.
Closeup of a black pan full of broccoli and spices.
Several zebras laying down in a rocky field.
Box full of many different types of donuts.
Two men work in a small restaurant kitchen.
A herd of zebra standing on a field next to a  herd of giraffe.
A cat lies on a pink bed sheet playing with its paws
A woman swings her tennis racket while reaching upward.
A bowl of bread and newspaper laid on a table.
a building with statues and a clock on the top on it 
Trains making their way down the track in a rail yard.
A row of trailer busses are on the side of the road.
A person skiing on snow covered mountains with skis.
A smiling guy with a very funny looking hat of bananas.
The cardinal on the tail of a plane on the tarmac.
A man and a woman standing by motorcycles outside a bar.
Two men throwing a frizbe in front of four men.
A lone duck with a colorful beak swims through the water.
A girl playing with a frisbee on the grass.
A bunch of people on skies are on a slope
The back end of a microwave plugged into an electrical outlet.
A large covered train station with a bullet train parked.
A man and women who are playing video games.
A small giraffe sticks its nose on top of a large rock. 
A snowboarder is on the ground and laughing in the snow.
A calm lake is off a beach where an orange umbrella in the down position sits near a beach chair.
An elephant in a fenced in enclosure packed with dirt.
Cake decorated with raspberries with a single, lit candle
A surfer exiting the water with board in hand.
A child sitting in a chair playing a video game with a remote control.
A man on a bicycle leaning on a wall talking on a cell phone.
A rural road with a yellow road sign with the word "Dip" written on it's face.
People on the beach flying a kite near a tall rock wall.
The cat is perched on the edge of the bed.
A great amount of people walking in a downtown area. 
One cat lies on a red blanket and is looking at another one.
a zebra walking through a natural looking habitat.
A boy on a skateboard flies over the stairs.
A city street at night with a red traffic light.
A boy holds something in front of him.
Mirror image of a smiling man talking on his cell phone
Banana sitting on a white plate with mixed nuts next to it. 
A Christmas decoration is on a light post.
The sky above a clock tower is very smokey at night.
A heart shaped red cake with a boy and girl teddy bear on top
Sheep and rams in the middle of a field eating grass
A covered stool has Christmas packaged on it.
A skier jumps high into the air crossing their skis in a ski jump.
A herd of cows on a grass field.
a man surfing on top of a wave in the ocean
a bunch of cars and trucks on a street
a lady that is at a sink in a kitchen
An elephant standing on dirt area next to people on stairs.
a bird feeder that is attached to a tree
Two giraffes stand freely in the open field.
a person parasailing in the water in front of some mountains
a chair and a bed in a room
A small plane is seen flying on a clear day.
A man sitting in a chair under an umbrella by a harbor.
Two women shake hands over the tennis net.
a small propeller plane sits parked in a airfield 
A man on a field holding a baseball bat.
The person is riding on the back of the multi-colored truck.
A seagull standing near the ocean on the sand.
A zebra and its foal stand in a small pond.
A light yellow cat is sitting in a bathroom sink. 
Baseball players swing bats during a baseball game. 
The surfer is ready to tackle the wave,
A motor cycle parked in a commercial parking lot
A golden cat sitting on a bench in front of a bicycle.
A group of people ski on a snowy mountain.
The circus elephants are in town before the big show. 
Young teen reflected in wooden framed mirror using laptop.
A cut up pizza on a metal pizza pan next to a jar of olives, and a glass of wine. 
A sign that says "30 mph" and a green sign that says "city of Amsterdam."
A man holding something up in the air by a rail.
a man on a skateboard up above a wave
A mixing bowl and beaters with batter on them
Baby birds in nest looking up with mouths open.
A woman is playing with a Wii controller.
A surfer wiping out on a wave in the ocean 
a person in a white shirt is climbing up on to an elephant
a motorcycle is parked in a grassy field
a polar bear standing in the snow with its reflection in the water
The bedroom is decorated in a simplistic style.
Small boy in red uniform swinging at a baseball on a field. 
Living room fireplace and mirror paneled wall unit
A man has his hand on top of a blender
A red stop sign with a picture of a dog in the center of it.
A man is action on a brown tennis court.
A woman holding a tennis racket over her shoulder.
Two men standing in a living room holding game controllers.
A mens restroom is lined up with urinals.
This is a picture of a picnic with an egg, bread, an apple, and more.
Two women on the same side of the tennis court, playing tennis.
A clock on a building that says 8:25.
Tube of orange and pears, surrounded by boxes of grass and one pineapple
A man in a suit using his laptop.
An adult and a child giraffe standing in the sun. 
A woman cuts a cake while other people watch.
A male tennis player in action on the court.
a body of water filled with several boats.
The only way to teavel down this street is on a scooter
Two zebras eating grass behind an open fence.
An old scene of two kids in an old hospital.
Some people are holding their dogs and posing for a picture. 
A bathroom with a television mounted in the corner.
a couple of soldiers looking into a refrigerator 
A bathroom with a stand alone tub, toilet and a towel rack.
A man drinking a cup of coffee. 
Wine glasses and plates and bowls on a table.
People dressed in business casual clothing stand around a table of hors d'oeurves.
Two small animal figurines on the keypad of a cellphone.
People gathered outside sitting around tables in front of a building.
A toilet inside a room that needs renovation.
Two stalls in a public rest room with black and white check floor.
A person skis downhill on a snowy area.
A person in front of a mirror with a cell phone.
A dog wrangling a group of sheep as spectators watch.
A wooden tray with a loaf of bred and a serving knife.
A laptop and other electronics sitting on a desk
a woman is jumping on a white bed
A dog laying underneath a surfboard at the beach
A little girl enjoying a sweet confection and awaiting a sugar rush.
I large group of oranges in a pile with a sign saying how much they cost.
a bird that is eating out of a piece of fruit
A seagull perched on a piece of drift wood near the ocean.
A filed of flowers with a yellow bird there.
A couple of giraffe standing next to each other on a tree covered field.
An opalescent blue vase holds a bouquet of flowers. 
A park bench under a tree next to a paved path covered in autumn leaves.
A dog is walking while wearing brightly colored clothing.
An enclosed patio area with a snowboard and snowboarding boots.
Several people are smiling while one holds a birthday cake.
happy dog poses outside a door with root beer bottle
A bunch of wooden cages covered with sheets
Two men dressed in suits posing for a picture together.
Street sign at the corner of Spencer and 6th Street.
Two giraffes stand erect as a third rests in the pasture.
A dinner plate is arranged with meat, broccoli and carrots.
Two white cats watching out the window of a car.
A tennis player caught jumping up to hit the ball
Horses munching in a field underneath rolling hills.
A couple of people with ski poles and winter clothes, walking over snow.
A kitten sits in an open bag with a zipper.
two men are cutting a ribbon with scissors
Two men shake hands with a guard in a red uniform stands in the background.
Vegetable pieces and knife are kept on cutting board.Cabbage is on the table.
A man playing frisbee at the field near some trees
a baseball player throwing a pitch from the mound
A cloudy day for a swim at the beach.
Large platter of cooked meat is displayed on a table.
a modern bedroom with abstract paintings on the wall
Two twin beds in a room with a picture of flowers above it.
A round bed with lots of pillows next to a cat bed.
A couple of brown horses pulling people on a wagon.
a person sitting on a bench next to a canyon and water.
A group of people wait along a busy road in the city. 
A truck is being loaded using a backhoe.
People walking with suitcases on a city sidewalk.
The apartment has some chairs but doesn't appear to be lived in.
A gaggle of geese swim in a body of water. 
Roof of a brick building with a chimney and a steeple with a weather vane on top.
A clock in a metal frame mounted on a wall.
The ripe bananas are sitting in the brown basket.
Rows of identical planes wait at an airport.
a man with a white beard and hat on a cellphone
a man in the street checking on something inside a brick oven
Four ducks are swimming on top of the water.
A man holding a cell phone at a counter with phones for sale.
Cars move near an intersection bordered by trees. 
A white sink that has a faucet next to a dish holder.
Train pulling passenger cars going around a curve.
A dog wearing a pair of socks and a pair of shoes
a group of kids playing with a soccer ball 
A grey and white puppy wearing a bandana stands on a skateboard.
A cover from Time Magazine is taped to a stop sign.
A group of young girls playing a game of soccer.
One microwave on top of another next to some basic condiments.
a man plays Wii Sports boxing in a very messy living room
a red blue and white airplane flying in the sky
Here is a picture of an outside spot. 

A bunch of stuffed animals sitting on a rack. 
A railroad crossing with two tracks on a rainy day.
A train is coming around a curve in the hills. 
A girl sits on a futon holding a game controller while a man sits on another chair side her.
A black knife that has been set next to a keyboard.
A white and orange cat sitting inside of a sink.
A bowl sitting on a table filled with fruit.
A man sits at his desk working on a laptop computer.
A boy walking down the street in front of some buses parked in the middle of the street
A dog and cat laying together on a chair 
this is a train pulling up to a stop in the city
Two people standing on skis in the snow.
A woman and a man are playing the nintendo wii video game system
Two teddy bears sitting next to each other one dressed as a man another as a woman. 
A man jogging with no shirt and a tie. 
A man throwing a frisbee in the grassy area of a park.
A group of people on a bust street area with one person holding a multicolored umbrella over head.
A big red bus on a street with some traffic.
There are two people dressed up in formal attire
A person's hands holding a plate of pizza topped with spinach.
The red bicycle is holding three leftover donuts.
A cat that is sleeping inside of some luggage.
A catcher squatting behind a batter who is swinging on a baseball field.
An open market has a large variety of vegetables.
some people are playing frisbee on the grass
A bright green frog on a bright green plant.
A man is taking a big bite of a folded pizza in a cafe.
A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
A tennis player resting on the floor under a hat.
A man swinging a tennis racquet as a crowd watches.
The plate has on it some kind of casserole, carrots and broccoli and bread.
People sitting on a curb watch a parade and horses walking in the street.
A woman is riding her bike down the street in front of traffic.
A pizza topped with lots of veggies and cheese.
A kitten climbing out of a blue bowl.
A very big whit rest room with a shabby looking shower.
a sportscars with a number on the side driving past a motorcycle
A man with a hat on riding his skateboard.
A grey tabby cat and an orange tabby cat sitting on a blue chair
Two cops on horseback with feces on the ground.
Large sleeping brown bear on a rock ledge at the zoo. 
Cattle are crossing the road to a beach front.
A bicycle laid on its side on a sidewalk under a Pedestrian Zone sign.
A man doing a leap on a skateboard on a city sidewalk.
A small child in a Halloween costume wearing glasses and a hat.
A firetruck is parked curbside as people are on the sidewalk of a city street.
A road in the middle of a beautiful green forest
A small bridge with a memorial sign on it
A cat sitting on a motorcycle that is parked in a driveway.
A stone clock tower with a wind vane on it's steeple.  
An aircraft is flying high in the blue cloudy sky.
The cars at the intersection are waiting for the pedestrians to cross.
a couple plays video games in a room together.
Fishermen stand among hundreds of boats on the shore.
A boat with emergency lights on it sitting in a harbor.
a close up of a person on a horse with a child on a horse 
A kid is standing at the bus stop beside a busy street
Three horses grazing on the side of the road near a road sign.
Wii games entertain this group in the living room.
A black and white photo of a dog sleeping on a plaid bedspread.
A small girl rides a horse through a crowded street.
There white motorcycles on grassy area next to trees.
A uniformed baseball player swinging a bat at home plate.  
A grey and black cat sitting next to sink in a bathroom.
A dog getting ready to catch the Frisbee in the air.
This is a picture of the most delicious slice of pizza in the world.
A black dog attempts to pick up a Frisbee with its mouth.
A computer mouse and tall glass on a table
The giraffe is walking by the vehicles that are parked.
Middle aged dark-haired woman on telephone with a teddy bear beside her.
A full view of a working office with computers. 
The dining table in the kitchen has plastic bags full of items on it.
There are men riding motorcycles on a crowded street.
A plate of food with some rice, meat, broccoli, and an egg roll.
A box full of a mixed selection of doughnuts.
A bedroom with a bed, two chairs, a lamp and potted plant.
Yellow fire hydrant surrounded by grass with graffiti on it
Several cows in a barn painted in various different colors
A Christmas decorated area with many teddy bears. 
A group of giraffes in a dirt enclosure.
A light lunch of casserole, soup and a cola on a white counter.
While in the immediate foreground juts a gnarled tree branch, the majority of the view consists of a an expanse  of short grass dotted with a few longer tufts and  a number  of scattered, grazing sheep. 
A white interior with an oven built in to it
A small herd of cows walking down a street.
A small cute cat sitting in the bathroom sink.
A person holding an open book in their hand.
