Brown horse at the end of a tunnel with a bucket.
A man is going down the water on a paddle board.
A group of several giraffes young and old are at a standstill.
Three girls in wet suits on a kayak. 
A couple of people riding a motorcycle down a street.
there is a male snowboarder going down a stair ramp
a woman in a black top is holding a cellphone
Surfer on a black sand beach holding her board
two black dogs standing on a boat with a guy
a close up of a person holding large wooden scissors
Two adults working behind a counter displaying pastries.
Pair of zebras grazing on grass and hay in park like setting.
A pizza roll on a plate at a diner.
A black and white photo of a woman sitting on a fire hydrant near a flower shop.
A man on a tennis court is hitting a ball with a racquet.
An asian salad resting on a bed of rice.
A bus at a bus stop along a street filled with taxis.
a bunch of bananas are hanging from the banana tree
A woman on a horse smiling in a green grass.
A street with cars moving down it past an intersection.
a person taking a photo of a person in chef wear
A man on a concrete barrier on a skateboard.
Dog lays down in front of two closed glass doors inside a house. 
A man and women that are standing near each other.
Older elephant spraying himself with sand from the ground.
A large pasture with several cattle grazing on grass.
Two boys playing a game with a remote controller.
a man colored his hair in purple walking on the road
A square, wood boat transporting people across a lake.
A man poses for a picture while on his motorcycle.
A small doll has a red fan and black hair.
A kitchen with fish tanks and many many cabinets is shown.
People playing with frisbee in middle of field.
There is a group of people playing a video game.
A gray and green bird perches on a park bench.
A truck that is sitting in the grass.
A man cooking hot dogs on a grill.
Two man in hard hats next to laptops.
A few slices of a sandwich on a plate with tomato and lettuce on a table near other plates with sandwiches.
A group of young girls playing a game of soccer.
The view of a small kitchen display between two television screens.
A person sitting in a chair outside with a suitcase next to them.
a bathroom with a blue dustpan and broom on the floor 
A grassy area with two kites flying in the sky.
A person riding a horse in an outdoor arena.
man in a black and purple robe with a tie
A baseball pitcher on a mound winds up to throw a baseball.
A black and white dog catching a frisbee on a field.
A corner of a rest room with a shower with glass walls.
A surfer rides a wave in this Michael L. Baird photo.
small children in a ward playing a game
A bunch of kites flying around on the beach,
Some very pretty horses on the beach with people.
There are a bunch of doughnuts on a metal tray
a man shaving in a bathroom while looking in the mirror
A refrigerator case contains a large number of imported beers.
A man is in action on a green tennis court.
A man standing on a snowboard on a small patch of snow at night.
Passengers exiting a colorful city bus at a bus stop.
A two story building with a green street sign in front of it.
A picture of a church tower during the day.
A bride and groom cutting a wedding cake while the photographer gives directions.
two men standing next to each other with some blue and silver ties
A group of parked motorcycles sitting on top of a garage floor.
A bathroom with sink, mirror, and toilet in it.
Black colored commode in bathroom with modern tiling.
A view of a city corner with a truck stopped at a light. 
A red fire hydrant on the side of the street.
A woman in the process of down hill skiing.
a truck stopped on a road in front of some trees
An overhead view of a lot containing many parked, empty buses.
a close up of a stop sign under a street sign 
a bed room with two beds and lamps
A plane is flying over a group of recreational snow machines.
A female tennis player swinging her racket and running
A couple of people with cell phones standing together.
A group of people are posing by an air force plane.
A woman skiing on a path by some trees.
An intersection on what appears to be a suburb area of a city. 
A light pole sits in the corner with some street signs on it. 
A very large kitchen area in a building.
A woman wearing black leather sits on her motorcycle.
This is a bathroom with a tile floor. 
The cat is laying on the hood of the car. 
A green leafy plant beside another plant with smaller leaves.
A skier in a white jacket turns her feet toward each other to slow down on the slope.
an image a of a teen standing next to two stuffed animals
A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
A piece of chocolate brownie on a plate.
A small plain looking bathroom that is in someone's house. 
A pack of five Pure tooth brushes in various colors.
A countertop with several computers, monitors, and keyboards.
a close up of a child at a table with a cake
A woman twirling an umbrella with flowers on it.
A very ornate, three layered wedding cake in a banquet room.
man standing in the middle of the road with three bags.
A bus drives down an otherwise empty road.
A white cat curled up on a zebra striped floor rug
Some muffins are cooling on a wire rack.  
Rodeo cowboy falling into dirt next to bucking horse
A girl eating a hotdog near a Madri Gras masks sign.
A sign reads "Complaints About Elephants To Be Made Here".
A man cooking hot dogs on top of a BBQ.
A living room with a white sofa and a gray rug.
A toy figurine standing next to a small pizza.
a couple of motorcycles that have some people on them
A group of people drive a big bus down the city
A person skiing down a hill maneuvers around a flag. 
A man and a woman surf in the water.
the black bears are fighting in the water
A man sits at a desk looking at a laptop.
An elderly man standing and holding a video game controller.
There is a player standing in the infield at a baseball field.
oops a snow boarder slipped fell on the snow
A curio cabinet displaying an assortment of vases.
Bathroom with pink walls and white toilet and sink
A skier is riding the slopes on a snow hill.
a close up of a sandwich on a table 
Several cars are traveling on a city street while a bicyclist waits to cross the street.
Two female tennis players walk around the court. 
 a piece of cake on a plate and cup full of liquid sitting on the table
A woman wearing a long flowing green dress walking past a joust fight.
three men carrying several suitcases down a sidewalk
A dog on a leash standing at a doorway.
A wooden rolling pin on a table nears some pizza topped with eggs.
Assortment of gauges and clocks displayed on wooden board.
Two giraffes crossing paths on a green and grassy field.
A little boy sitting in the snow on ski's
