the sepals are green and the petals being red.
this flower petals is sort of stacked along the stem surrounding it. the petals are red
this is a flower that has many red upward pointing petals.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has a thick vertical chevron pattern of hot pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
the petals are bright red and layered from the pedicel outward and neither the pistil nor the stamen are visible.
this flower is made up of many red petals that get smaller higher up on the bloom.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together

the flower shown has white petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are white and in a spiral shape
this flower has spiraling layers of overlapping white petals whose edges curl into points.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
a flower with white petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped around the center.
this flower has white petals that fold together in a swirl with a yellow patch
this flower has white petals with a yellow on the inside.
this flower has different layers of light yellow petals that get tighter as they get closer to the center.
this pale yellow-white flower has many petals that fold back along the edges.

this flower has a small number of large red upright petals on a thick brown pedicel.
a small pink flower with floppy pink flower petals with white on their ends.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals on this flower are pink with lots of folds.
this is a beautiful pink flower with large petals that have white tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has bright pink petals edge in white and red.
these flowers are round with pinkish petals which are in modest size.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
the petals of this flower are bright pink with white lines on the tip.

the petals of the flower are white and red striped with long white filaments.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of red
this flower has red and white beautiful petals with green in the middle
the flower shown has white and red petals with white pistil
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has red and white petals with green stamen in the center of it.
the petals of the flower consist of a striped pattern of red and white throughout the petals.
the flower has white petals with red splotches on them, it has white filaments, and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has a red center

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals on this flower are pink with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are pink with dark veins.
this flower has petals that are white and pink with dark lines
this pale pink and white flower has toothed petals and pink stamen with white anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines
the flower has purple stamen and purple petals that are pointed on the edges.
a flower with short and wide petals that are pink.
a flower with short and wide petals that are pink.

this flower has prominent green and purple stamen, yellow anthers, and pollen tube surrounded by two layers of thin purple and wide white petals.
this flower has long and pointy purple petals, purple stamen, and a large green stigma in the middle
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has larger purple petals on the outside of smaller spiky purple petals and green and yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner below the disc of stamen
this lavender flower has a few layers of petals in a circular formation and an intricate pistil that is both green and yellow.
this flower is white, pink, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a layer of light purple petals surrounded by a layer of purple spikey petals and a large white stigma with yellow anther.
this flower has pink petals with long purple stamen and a green style

this flower is white and yellow in color, with one large white petal.
the flower can be identified by its red petals and yellow stamen with a green stigma in the middle.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with yellow near the center
this flower has white petals with a yellow center and white filaments.
this bright white flower has a hexagonal shape with one large petal all the way around a yellow receptacle.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is a golden yellow
this flower has white stamen, a yellow ovary, and a white wheel-shaped petal.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
singular white petal with deep creases and yellow in the center of the flower show a very light colored pistil and stamen.

the lowest layer of curved, pointed white petals is green on the bottom, while the uppermost layer, the smallest, surrounds several pale yellow pistils.
this white flower has opening petals, with a visible cluster of bright yellow stamen, while the receptacle, sepal and pedicel are hidden beneath the water.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are white and overlapping with yellow anthers.
this flower has many large white petals and yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of white, oblong petals surrounding yellow stamen.
a flower with white petals and the stigma and stamen are yellow, the leaves are big
this flower has many white petals in a cup-shaped formation with yellow stamen.
this bold white flower has two dozen petals that are white and an inner yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigma
this flower has a tiny central white blossom surrounded by pointed pink petals which are veined and leaflike.
this flower seems to have a joint petal surrounding that is purple with three inner pollen tubes with sunflower like tops that have white petals
outer petals are pink in color,inner petals are white incolor
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
a dark velvet pedaled flower with a white long stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
this flower has large dark pink petals with bright white stigmas.
this flower has pink leaves with veins surrounding tiny white blooms in the center.
this flower has hot pink broad petals each with a white floret.

this flower is pink and yellow oval shaped. in color, with petals that are
this flower has petals that are p[ink with yellow steman
the flower shown has thick pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has long light pink pointed petals overlapping around many yellow staymens.
the flower shown has a prominent pistil as its main feature and pink petals.
this flower has dense yellow stamen surrounded by layers of gently pointed white and pink petals.
a pink flower with three layers of pink petals surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has many yellow petals with a dark black pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has small yellow petals and a dark black pistil
the petals on this flower are yellow with black stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the flower has several oval yellow petals and black stamen.
this flower has ray-like formation of bright yellow petals with slightly pointed tips encircling a dark disk center.
this flower is golden yellow in color, with a dark brown center, and a layer of long thin petals that radiate around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

the petals of the flower are red in color and have yellow berries in color.
this flower has petals that are pink with green and red style and stigma
this red flower has round pointed petals and yellow and red stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has shiny dark pink petals and yellow and pink stamen.
this flower has clean shiny red layered petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has large red petals and multiple bright green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen

the flower is yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around the sepal forming a disc like shape
this flower has yellow petals with a tad of orange and a green pedicel.
the flowers are small have petals that are yellow in color with green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has small yellow petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
these flowers have broad yellow petals that turn more orangish toward the middle.
the yellow petals have small orange stripes and the sepals are wrinkled and green.
a flower with wide and short petals that are yellow.
this flower has heart-shaped orange petals which are small and smooth, with yellow-tinged tips.

single flowers attached to pedicel with irregular pink petals that darken as they meet the pedicel.
this flower is vibrant pink in color with round petals, and green pedecil.
almost waxy looking bright pink petals that fold straight up instead of just across.
the flower has large smooth pink petals and green pedicel
this flower is distinguished by deep pink oval petals surrounded by waxy green sepals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded apart
this flower has petals that extend upward over and inverted pedicel.
this flower has very smooth pale pink petals with rounded edges.

the petals on this flower are purple in color are drooping
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
wrinkled purple petals with slightly protruding, pin straight stamen.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
this fuschia flower has wrinkled petals that are rounded amd overlap one another, hanging downward from a light green sepal and darker green pedicel.
vibrant pink bell shaped flowers that dip downwards, with wrinkly textured separate petals, and light green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has thick red petals which are wide and thickly veined.

the flower is made of layers of red petals with green leaves.
this irregular red flower has multiple interleaved petals and no noticeable stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are tightly bunched and wavy.
there are many densely grouped red petals with ruffled, somewhat toothed edges.
this large flower has red petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of ruffled red petals which have ruffled edges.
this flower has red petals with green leaves surrounding it.
this flower has beautiful red flowers and a small green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
the dense, round petals are toothed on the outer edge and arranged in concentric layers concealing the interior.

this unusual purple flower has one large purple petal and three small white ones.
the small flower has petals made of colors such as purple, white, and yellow.
this flower has two purple peddles and three that are white with lavender tips and a yellow center.
the flower has a purple petal with yellow and some dark spots
a small flower with white petals and also purples petals a yellow stamen.
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are very smooth in texture and they are varying shades of purple and white with yellow near the center.
there are deep purple petals and lighter purple petals and even one petal that is white and yellow with brown stripes.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of purple

this flower has thick yellow petals as its main feature.
this deep yellow flower is cup shaped and several threadlike yellow protrusions lay in the center.
this flower has bright yellow stamen with four bright yellow petals around them.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has large yellow petals and small yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has four small and very bright yellow petals.
this flower has upturned layers of very smooth orange petals whose edges pale to yellow.
the petals on this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
a flower with short and rounded petals that are bright yellow.

this flower has a prominent white pistol surrounded by gentle almost heart shaped pink petals.
this bright pink flower has large heart shaped petals with a large pink pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and large.
the petals on the flower are a light purple color.
this flower has a large purple petal with a purple anther
this flower has petals that are pink and has a small style
this is a pink flower with overlapping petals and a pink pistil.
this pink flower has heart shaped petals and a pink pistil
these flowers have pink layered petals on a green bush.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple with white lines running the length.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has broad white petals with yellow stamen and brownish-white pistils.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has numerous yellow stamen and large white petals.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
there is a large stigma with dense yellow filaments (attracting a bee) and five large, overlapping, white petals with a toothed edge.
this flower has a ring of short yellow stamen and white rounded petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a cream colored ovule, pure white flowers and yellow anthers.

flowers are alternatelly arranged,they are pink in color
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark spots
clusters of pink bells are grouped around the stem. the inner part of the bells is white with deep red speckles.
the petals on this flower are pink and white with brown dots.
the flower has one, bell shape purple petal with white around the edges, and purple spots.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
a flower with a purple inside and white tip.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the flower has bright purple petals with a yellow and green pollen tube.
a purple pedal with a unique stringy, purple center surrounds a yellow, bending, trumpet patterned stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy purple stamen
the white and purple flower has its stamen falling over and anthers are not well exposed.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is purple and blue in color, with oval shaped petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has a layer of tapered lavender petals with long narrow purple petals on top all around yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower has blue petals as well as a purple sepal.
a flower with long and narrow purple pistils that are curvy.

the petals of the flowers are pink in color with light yellow patches and specks of black details.
the flowers has petals that are dark pink and yellow with red anthers.
these leaf shaped petals are tipped in pink with a yellowish lower body, and maroon streaks, green anthems.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has large ruffled pink petals with yellow centers and brown markings.
this flower has pink petals with some white and yellow patches with dark lines.
this pink yellow and red flower has pointed petals and pink stamen with lime green anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
these flowers have pink and yellow petals with brown specks on them.
this flower has petals with a combination of pink, white, and yellow.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and large.
the flower shown has billowy white petals as its main feature.
the flower has curved white petals that are very large and thin.
the flower shown has thin white petals as its main feature.
this flower has white petals with an orange stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has bright white petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are white and the pistil is golden yellow
this flower is characterized by its white, almost serrated appearance of its white petals, as well as its yellow pistil and stamen.

this flower with pink petals having dark pink shades in center with green color sepal and pedicel.
this purple and pink flower has a green pedicel and a yellow receptacle.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of purple
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has petals that are flat and dark pink.
this flower's most prominent feature is its broad, shaded pink petals.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and is pale pink with fuchsia veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has fan shaped pink petals that get darker closer to the pistil.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange with many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this is a flower with five large orange petals on it.
the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the flower has five light orange petals with a yellow pistil in the center.
this flower has thick orange petals and a light yellow pistil.
this orange and red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen.
there are 5 petals that have a peach color and are large and round.

the flower has large paper thin white petals with yellow anther filament
a frilly white petunia with a deep throat with several pale yellow stamen and stigma.
the delicate white petals hide the small yellow stamen inside.
here a large white flower with an indented yellow stigma appears to float as on water.
a large white petunia bloom sitting on lush green leaves.
this lower has large white pedals, yellow anther and green sepal.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has a large funnel-like white petal with slightly wavy edges.
a flower that has white petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stamen

thisf lower features long yellow red tipped stamens surrounded by delicate yellow flowers.
large trumpet-like yellow flower with 2 - 3 hair like stamen.
the flower has yellow petals with red stricks and yellow steman.
the flower is yellow with petals that are starting as tube from the sepals and gradually flaring out as separate petals that are enclosing the stamens
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are darker near the ovule.
this is a flat looking yellow flower with large petals and burgundy streaks in throat of flower and a yellow stamen.
this bright yellow and red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red lines
this flower has wide yellow petals whose edges are rounded and ruffled.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and round

the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has red petals with green leaves and green pistil.
this flower has petals that are red with line imprints
this flower has red petals in varying sizes and green leaves.
the petals of this flower are bright red and multi-layered, with larger petals framing the smaller ones inside.
the bright red petals are pointed and the sepals are pointed and green.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.

this is a strange flower with multicolored petals and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stringy stamen
this flower has different shades of purple and a large green pistil.
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the big flower has petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape below the disc of purple stamens
this flower has large pink and white petals with a prominent green pistil.
this flower has tapered lavender petals surrounding a later of dark purple petals which surround the green stamen, pistil, and ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has stringy stamen
this flower has light purple and white petals with blue filaments.

this flower has large purple petals and no visible stigma in the center of it
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pedicel
pink and white flower with long petals pointing upward with a purple and green pedicel.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are curly and purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has long, narrow light purple petals that appear translucent.
this particular flower has petals that are light purple and white
the flower has several asymmetrical petals that are a very soft lavender color.

the flower has a single petal with a large red stigma at the base.
this light-pink petal has a red, erect pistil and shades of green along the upper-petal ends.
this beauty has reddish green petals that are shaped like a leaf with a long pointy red stamen.
the flower shown has red and white petals as well as a red pollen tube
this flower starts off with at the center of it petal and turns red at its tip.
this is a light pink flower with one large petal and a long and thin pink pistol.
the heart-shaped petals of this flower are it's most notable feature, while the stigma protrudes above it.
this flower has large pink petals and a long pink pistil.
this flower has red petals with green shading on the side
this flower consists of one large, heart-shaped red leaf that is green near the top, tapers into a narrow protruding point at the bottom, and has a prominent red pistol.

the petals of this flower are red and yellow with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
the petals of the flower are red with yellow tips and have a red center.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are yellow on the tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
the petals are bright red with yellow tips and dark red veins and the stamen are clustered and dark red.
a distinctive flower with a large circular red center, and petals that start red and turn to yellow at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.

this flower consist of many long skinny light yellow petals with short yellow stamens.
light yellow petals that are purple middle dark green leaves
this flower has long, pointy, think yellow petals around a center of short white and brown stamen.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has a dense amount of long and thin yellow petals with a dark pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
a wide yellow flower with many yellow, thing petals that circle around dark stamen.
a double row of yellow needle shaped pedals surrounding a brown stamen.
this flower has a ray-like arrangement of light yellow petals that are thin and oblong in shape.

the flower has purple petals with white spots and green sepal
the petals of this flower form a tube shape in a light purple with white spots that have a black center.
this flower has a long purple petal, with a lot of white dots on them
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower has petals that are bright pink and bell shaped.
there is a vibrant purple trumpet shaped bloom with mottled dark red and white blotches on the inside with no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower features a large bell shaped petal with protruding white stamen with red anther filament.
this flower has a large number of purple bell shaped petals.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape in shades of white and pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

this flower has petals that are red with a small stamen
the petals of the leaves are red in color and have leaves that are green in color.
pedicela re dark green in color,flowers are red in color and capsule in shape
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this bright neon red flower draws the eye with its beautiful petal and stem.
the petals of this flower are deep red and the stamens are the same red color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are red and has a pink center
this bright red flower has wide petals with a little bit of pink on the inside.

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around disc shaped sepal
this flower has white petals that turn purple at their base and form a tube shape.
this flower has light lavender upturned petals with dark purple near the center and no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with a purple patch
this flower's long, oval-shaped petals turn from purple to white as they fan out.
a white flower with a purple bottom and has a v shape.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a pink flower with a purple color bottom of the petals
the white broad leaves has a deep pink sepal underneath it
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center

the petals on this flower are orange with a reddish ovule
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
what i like about this flower is its fiery flame like petals.
this flower is in yellow and red color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has several layers of orange petals, and orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a red center
pretty orange composite flower has outer whorls of long and big florets, and tiny dark orange colored florets on the central disc.
this flower has bright orange/gold petals and dark orange/brown anther.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong orange petals arranged around a red center.
the petals of the flower a long and curved, and a vibrant orange color.

five papery delicate petals surround a dark red throat and it has a long pollen tube with stamen and filaments at the top.
this flower is yellow, red and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the lage petal are red in in the inner part with white and light yellow spotted outer part with a large ang longer pistil hanging outside
short white stamen extend into smaller yellow anther; the petals are large, flat, wrinkled and light yellow in color.
this flower has a protruding yellow pollen tube surrounded by five large, ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are pink near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
this flower has milky yellow pedals with white turning to bright red in the center and a very large protruding stigma.
this flower has a prominent pistil coming out of a red ovary and surrounded by a wheel of rounded pale yellow petals.

the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the flowers have long red and white petals that are pointed.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the petals are a bright red with splotches of white all over, and the stamen is bright green.
this is a large flower with red and white petals and green leaves.
this flower has tapered soft red petals with accents of pure white.
this flower has bright red petals with irregular white markings.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
a large group of red and white flowers and green stigma.
the red petals with white splotches of this flower are large.

flower with white and yellow petals on a brown stem
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has smooth white and yellow petals as its main feature
five white petals with yellow partly down their middles, meeting in the center with an orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pedicel.
these flowers has five pointed white petals and yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white and yellow petals that are arranged in a fan-like shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

the flower has very smooth purple and white petals with a green pollen tube
this flower has a lime-yellow pistil, and pink-white shaded petals.
a flower with yellowish pink petals accompanied by a large green stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large white petals with pink tips on it, and a green stigma on it
two tiers of lotus-like pink-tipped petals surround a large stigma, rimmed with a collar of yellow stamen.
this flower has many pink, white and yellow petals as well as yellow stamen.
this flower has light pink round petals with dark pink on their outer edges, the flower has yellow stamen with a large yellow stigma.
this flower has pink and white petals with a big yellow style
this flower has many pink and white petals open wide exposing a large thick pistil with many stamen coming off of it to the sides.

the flower shown has pink petals, and several pink stamen.
dark created panels green middle red leaves
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
these flowers have thin red petals protruding from a deeper red stamen and pistil.
this flower has very thin, red petals branching off from a dark red pistil.
this flower has skinny dark red petals, a green stigma, and purple sepals.
this flower has thin red petals, curled like tubes, which protrude from the base.
the stamen themselves were pink and somewhat thorn like in comparison to the dull petals.

this pink flower has many rows of overlapping petals with the prominent yellow stamens at the center
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by upturned layers of white petals with pointed pink tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has a clump of thick yellow stamen surrounded by layers of pointed light pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and yellow orange stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the flower petals are yellow in color with large hanging stigma
this flower has several large conjoined petals in shades of orange and yellow, with ruffled edges.
a flower with yellow and orange petals and yellow pistils.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has light yellow petals with orange ovules, and yellow filaments.
this flower has pale yellow petals with ruffled edges and red accents.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange patches
this flower has yellow and red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large yellow petals that turn orange towards the center.
this bright yellow and red flower has pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.

these flowers is a cluster of little red flowers with small petals and a white stamen.
a cluster of small red flowers, each with four round petals and cream-colored stamens.
flowers with four red petals each and light yellow stamen in the middle.
these red flowers have four rounded petals and white centers.
these flowers with red petals have what stamen and four petals on each flower.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has short white stamen and bright red round petals.
dark red flower with broad flat petals around a small white pistil
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a flower with five red petals with a cluster of light yellow stamen at it's center.

large flower with light peach color petals,and green pedicels.
the flower has paper like yellow and white petals with green sepal
the flower has petals of a little orange hue with white stamen.
the cream colored flower petals on this plant curl up to hide the black stamen inside of them.
this lush flower features cool light-yellow petals and large, open interior.
this flower has soft yellow petals attached to a long green pedicel.
this flower is peach in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower has long, cream petals that curl up and down.
the flower has creamy beige colored petals with white anthers.

this flower has interesting, frost-tipped petals that are blue-purple in appearance.
the flower has a pine cone shaped center with leafy point petals surrounding it
this lavender flower has feather-like petals and a small pine cone looking center.
a sharp flower that is purple and green in the center
a spiky, white-and-green, pineapple-shaped center is surrounded by long, thin, spiny pale purple petals on top of a ridged gray stalk.
this flower has petals that are purple and very spiky at the end
this flower has a thick spiked green center from which protrude pale purple spikes.
diverse green pineapple like style with purplish pedals fanning out.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has pointy purple petals and a large cone-shaped pistil.

the petals of the flower are pink while the anthers are also pink.
a pink flower with long pink pollen stems with leaves under the bottom
this large pink flower has five curved soft petals and some stamen
the pinkish petal had several similar colored anther protruding outward.
these pale pink flower petals have hot pink stamen inside of them.
this flower has five red and slightly ruffled petals with rounded edges.
this flower has deep red petals and stamen and green leaves.
this flower has pink tear drop shaped petals with pink stamen in the middle.
this rough petal flower is pink all over,petals, stamen, and filament as well as anther.
this flower has several large pale red petals circular in shape, about the same number of pistils also pale red, and several large, elongated dark green sepals.

triangular, bright pink petals that resemble leaves press their edges against each other to surround three bright pink pistils, one of which is tipped with a white stigma.
a large flower with wide, pointed petals and a beautiful stigma that looks like a smaller flower.
the petals of the flower are hot pink while the stigma is white and the sepals are green.
the dark pink flower has large petals and a prominent white stigma.
thin, paperlike bright pink petals that are pointed at the tip with a small white stigma at the top
bright pink petals surrounding a center stamin with a center white flower.
the hot pink blossoms are the shape of a spade and surround tiny white star shaped blossoms on the filaments.
this pink flower has pointed petals and a white and pink stamen.
this flower has large pink petals with a large white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma

this flower has a large red petal with bright yellow anther
this flower has numerous bright red petals , with yellow pollen tubes and a deep red colored stigma in the center.
this flower has several overlapping layers of round red petals with slightly tapered tips.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a large red flower with wide petals and a large center.
the pedals are smooth red ovals, while the stamen are yellow, the pistil is a deep brown.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow lines
this flower has a few layers of bright red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong petals and small yellow stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.

the petals are veiny and purple and cover where the stamen and pistil are.
this flower has wide purple petals which have veins like leaves.
the flower shown has several blue and purple petals that turn upwards.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
the petals on this flower are purple with purple veins.
this flower has a grayish green stem and wide petals with a pointed tip that are bright blue in color.
cupped, indigo petals, droop on slender, dark slightly purple stalks.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower has large, wide purple petals with tissue texture and delicate veins.

this flower has five rounded petals in pale shades of purple and yellow.
these small purple flowers have rounded waxy petals and yellow centers.
this flower has two solid purple petals that are facing upward and three petals at the bottom that are purple and yellow with black stripes.
the petals of the flower are purple in color with yellow details.
the outer petals ate purple in color and the inner petals are spotted with yellow and the stamen is white in color
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are striped near the ovary.
this flower has five smooth and rounded purple petals with a yellow mouth.
a beautiful small flower with very pretty purple and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading and black lines
this flower has one yellow petal and four petals that are a bluish shade of purple, some with small dark lines.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are smooth and white with yellow stamen
this pale yellow flower has long pointed petals and has a thick stem.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow stigma
this flower has multiple layers of whitish petals that become more orange for each higher layer.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by upturned layers of pale yellow petals.
this white flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has alternating layers of white petals surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers
the flower has yellow stamen with several oval white petals that come to a point.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have darker veins.
the flower shown has bright orange petals and white anthers.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in single layer forming disc like shape
a orange flower with white stamen and stigma and the leaves are green
this flower has bright red and orange petals with white stamen in the middle.
a flower with short and wide petals that is bright orange.
the petals of this flower are orange with a dark orange tint on them
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stigma

the flower has petals that are pointed and pink with yellow filaments.
this flower has large pink petals and a center filled with yellow stamen and anthers
the flower has smooth purple petals with yellow stamen in the center
this flower has a large yellow pollen tube surrounded by several layers of wide, pointed pink petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the tip.
this flower has a wide yellow pistil surrounded by light pink petals.
inner and outer tiered pink starry petals with a complex yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a pink flower with two layers of pink petals and a large flat yellow ovule with yellow stamen coming out of it.
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamens.

the pink petals are yellow towards the center with a striped pattern seen on some petals
this pink flower has a yellow center with black stripes on its petals.
this pale pink flower has yellow stamen with an inner row of petals with yellow and brown streaks.
the flower has purple fragile looking petals with dotted lines decreasing in size towards the receptacle
this is a pink and white flower that has a touch of yellow in the middle
this flower has pink pedals with large yellowish stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has patch of yellow and dark lines
this particular flower has petals that are pink yellow and dark small lines
this flower has petals that are varying shades of pink and a couple of them have yellow patches with dark pink lines.

this flower has long protuberant stamen and pollen tube surrounded by several layers of purple and white petals.
the flower has a weird looking set of petals that looks like nails with a violet tip and white color towards the middle.
this flower is green and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are yellow and green with a long stigma
the flower has pale lime green leaves and the petals are thin brown variegated to white then variegated to purple at the tip.
this flower is white, yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that arewhite and has stringy purple stamen
this flower is made up of elongated green petals under a row of lavender white and plum needle shaped petals.
this flower has tall purple pistils, tall green stamen, blue filaments, and white petals.

a light pink flower with ruffled petals and a yellow stamen blooming in a bunch.
this flower has a pink petal with yellow tips, and no visible stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy at the edges.
there are many pale, pink petals with yellow accents, with spiked green leaves.
this flower has soft pink fluffy petals with a yellow center
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has very curvy light pink petals with yellow highlights .
this flower has petals that are pale pink in color with splashes of yellow through them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has pale pink petals, or two lips, with a hint of yellow in the center.

this flower has a large pistol that looks like a cactus and several long light blue leaves that appear spiky.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are blue with pointy ends
the middle of the plant is composed of a spikey fruit while the outside is made of leaves that are light purple in color.
these slate grey spikey petals grow around a large cone shaped pistil on this flower.
this flower has a thick spiky green center and jagged purple leaves.
this flower is green and white in color, and has petals that are spike like and pointy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a green stmane
the petals of this flower are blue and green and pointy and the pistil is big and green
a flower with long and narrow petals that are spikey and blue.

this flower has long narrow petals in a bright yellow shade. the bottom of the petal has a dark brown color in the middle which becomes lighter when it gets cloer to the edge. the center of the flower has the same bright yellow color to it.
this flower has yellow and black petals with yellow colored stigma.
this petal has yellow and orange petals with yellow anther and filaments
the pretty flower has yellow petals with dark red running down their center
a flower with yellow and brown pointed petals and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and has orange lines
this flower has brown petals on the inside which turn into yellow near the edges.
the petals of this flower are golden yellow with burgundy on them and the pedicel is green
this flower has elongated yellow petals with a maroon stripe down the center surrounding a yellow stamen.
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the flower has purple pedals with a gray and white ovary.
this star-shaped flower has royal blue petals and a white, blue and green pistil.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
this flower is blue and star shaped with protuberant stamen.
this flowers has blue-violet outer petals and white and green inner interior.
the petals form a five-pointed blue star reflected by the white star-shaped stigma that is surrounded with a collar of blue and white striped stamen.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant blue color, with shades of white and green throughout.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a green center
this flower has bright blue petals that are arranged in a star-like fashion.
a star shaped dark blue flower with a large center.

the funnel shaped orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around sepals
pedicel is green,sepals are green and the petals are orange in color
this flower has large orange petals and no visible outer stamen or stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled at the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange with ruffled edges
this small flower has orange petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are uneven on the tip.
this bright orange flower has a lot of small petals that have somewhat jagged edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and bunched together
the red petals of the flower on a green thin pedicel

this flower has veined, triangular purple petals and smaller white blossoms protruding from the center.
the flower is small with white petals that are fused near the sepal and separated gradually through their edges and has white stamen in the middle
the flower has larger outer purple petals with smaller inner white colord petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has a lot of purple petals with a large white stigma
the purple leaves provide lots of contrast for the white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stamen
this particular flower has petals that are small and pointed with purple and white
this flower has large purple leaves, with smaller white flowers in the center of the flower.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pink flower has petals that look like perched butterflies
this is a flower with pink upward pointing petals on it.
a bright pink flower with tiny a brown and red pedicel.
these flowers have dark pink petals that are sparsely place on the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
these bright fuchsia flowers have pedals that do not grow in the conventional concentric circles.
these bright fushia flowers have oval petals protruding back from the center of the flower.
this flower has straight pink stems holding the upturned bright pink petals with a smooth texture.
this flower has rounded, purple petals and light purple pedicels.

the petals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with yellow patches and folded together
the flower shown has yellow and red petals that turn upwards.
the flower shown has green sepal and yellow and orange petals
sepals are green in color,petals are orange and yellow in color
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow
a flower that is long and wide petal that is yellow with red spots.
this flower is yellow red and orange in color, and is attached to a pedicel.
this flower has a green pedicel, green sepals, and a bright red and yellow petals.
this multicolored flower has yellow and pink petals folded onto each other with a large green sepal.

this red coronet shaped flower has connected rounded petals
a flower drifting in water with its bright pink petals poking through.
flower has round red petal and the middle of flower is yellow
a red flower that is funnel shaped that has red sepals that are fused and is white in the central region
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has petals that are red and has a white center
this flower has five conjoined pink petals which are soft and rounded.
a small flower with round, red petals and a yellow center with very small stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are light near the center.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
a with flower with green lines running from the stigma.
the flower has white petals with a green pedicel and green sepel.
leaves are dark green in color,flowers are white and capsule shaped
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and a dark green pedicel.
the petals are white with green veins and the sepals are waxy and deep green.
a large white star shaped flower with dull green markings.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this bright yellow flower has dozens of long, smooth, skinny petals, densely packed in an arc shape.
the flower has thin yellow petals with a green stem and green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
a bright yellow flower with multiple spikey type pedals that form a shower of yellow on top of a sturdy green stem.
this small rounded flower has numerous small and very thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this small flower has tiny yellow petals coming off its stem.
this flower has lots of very small, thin petals that are bright yellow in color and arranged thickly in different rows.

this flower has red and yellow petals with a core of low-lying yellow stamen.
this beauty has big yellow and red stripes on its petals with a big hint of yellow stamen.
this large blossom has a wide yellow center and pointed yellow petals with red stripes in their centers.
this flower has very large red and yellow petals along with yellow anther
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped in the center.
this alternating yellow and orange petals surround a bright yellow center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are striped down the center.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and red
this flower has colorful slightly pointed petals that are yellow and red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines

this blue tubular flower has layered petals with fluttery edges.
the ruffled blue petals have touches of yellow and rows of deeper blue speckles that lead to the heart of this cone-shaped blossom.
five ruffled blue petals, joined together in a cone that is white and spotted with yellow and dark blue on the interior, protect an orange pistil tipped with a yellow stigma.
this flower has a petal that is dark blue with light blue tips and a green stigma
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the flower has five blue petals with dark blue lines and spots running down them.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has wide and ruffled blue petals with rounded tips.
this flower has blue petals and a deep funnel shape with yellow and black dots on the inside.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

a flower with a singular tubula pink yellow and purple petal and broad white petals above it
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has long white petals and long yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are white with purple and yellow in the center
the flower has white petals and trumpet shaped petals that are white, purple, and yellow.
this flower has a center tubular petal with purple and yellow on the inside and smooth white petals elsewhere.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple patches
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
a flower with white petals and purple and yellow spots.

this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large and long red petals and black anthers in the middle
this flower has petals that are red with black stamen
petals are oval in shape,they are red in color
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers around clustered stamens
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
this flower has very long dark petals with yellow filaments and anthers.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the petals are pure white with little tints of pink, while towards in the inside of the petals there are brown dots.
the petals on this flower are purple with white and brown spots.
the flower shown has white petals and brown spots on the inside of each petal.
this flower has a number of different bell shaped petals that are white with spots.
the petal of the flower are a spotted pattern, which consists of pink and brown.
the petals of this flower are white and light purple and have brown and white spots on them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals are dull green in color and the stamen are many and with l;arge white colored anthers
this pink and yellow flower has distinctive dark red spots emanating from the stamen and the pistil.
the flower has petals that are white with pink edges and white filaments.
the flower petals is pink with yellow round balls
this flower has a green ovary, yellow stamen, and multicolored pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has large, wide pink petals with thin yellow stamen.
the pistil is of bilateral symmetry the petals are pink and spotted, there are few white stamen around the stigma.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are blue and bunched together
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a thick green stalk.
the petals of this flower are blue with a large stigma
this is a strange flower with dark purple flowers and a green stem.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
the purple petals are in the shape of a small bell and the sepals are long and green.
this flower has small cone-shaped petals with a white lining on the tips.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and bunched together
these blooms are bell shaped and grow in dark purple clusters.

this flower has large yellow petals and no visible stigma
bright yellow ruffled pedals lay themselves lightly back on their sturdy stems.
this flower has a few layers of large bright yellow petals.
the flower has curled petals that are yellow in color and are oval in shape
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled upward.
a yellow petaled flower in bloom with wide and curled petals.
this flower has layers of upturned yellow petals with smooth edges.
this flower has petals of bright yellow and are rounded shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has no visible sepal, just layers of yellow petals in the shape of a cup on top of the pedicel.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are thin and rounded.
this flower has petals that are purple with many layers
the petals of this flower are lavender with a short stigma
this flower has bright purple petals that have points on their ends and wrap around the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color .
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very thin.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together

this flower has multiple layers of red petals that are surrounding the pistol and stamen.
the petals on this flower are a nice orange color
this blossom has many layers of pedals which wrap around each other hiding the center parts of the blossom, the pedals slowly retract from the center as the blossom ages.
the flower has petals that are orange pink and overlapping.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this pink and orange flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of red petals which are wide with rounded edges.
this flower has a large number of smooth pink petals with curled edges.

pedicel is green,petals are rounded and light pink in color
the flower has petals that are pink, soft, smooth and arranged in differently layers around pedicel
the flower has pink petals that are also white and striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker on the edges.
this flower has large white and pink petals with a dark green pedicel.
a beautiful flower with light pink petals and dark pink tips.
this flower has layers of oblong petals that are white and pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink anmd are folded upwards
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a dark green pedicel.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
vertical columns of two to four flowers with curling pink petals on the top and rolled orange-pink petals on the bottom.
the flower has a green pedicel with pink and peach petals in an upwards formation
this flower has small red petals that are stacked on each other
this flower has petals that are pink and very ruffled
this flower has curling, pink petals and light green stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has many pink with yellow petals with a green pistil
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and vertically layered.

the flower head has a number of individual tube flowers that have red petals and pronounced stigma.
this flower has a dark red center surrounded by many long, very thin red petals which protrude in numerous directions.
this flower has petals that are red and stringy
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped and skinny.
this flower has long red petals and dark red stigma coming out
an odd flower with red pedals and a green leaf underneath.
this flower has long and tube-rolled red petals which protrude in multiple directions.
this flower a strange looking red petals with green leaves
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin

this flower has small yellow petals and a green pedicel as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded and thin.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and the stem is green.
this flower has yellow petals with a long green stem
this flower has four bright yellow petals with a cluster of yellow stamen around the ovule.
the small and yellow flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamen forming bowl like shape
the flower has a thin, delicate green pedicel, four slightly toothed golden petals, and a stamen that matches.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower is yellow and has four petals that point upwards.
this flower has four yellow petals, and yellow stamen on a thin green stem.

a flower with purple petals and black spots with no visible anther filaments.
this flower has numerous bell-shaped violet colored blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
the stalk of the flower is green and is made of blooms that are magenta in color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals on this flower are purple with black spots on them
this flower has hanging bell shaped blossoms with purple petals.
this flower has vertical rows of bell shaped pink blossoms with wide mouths.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
many small pink bell shaped flowers clustered on a green stem with stamen in the center of each flower.
this flower has a long green pedicel with many purple bell shaped flowers with dark spots on each of the flowers.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
a fairly tight bud, reddish pink, with some petals opening, held up by a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are red in color with sepals that are green.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
the flower shown has green pedicel and bright red petals
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled around the center closely.
this flower has red petals that folded together upwards ina bulb
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has broad pink soft petals that wrap around and encapsulate the middle.

this pink beauty has five petals and they are large, one petal has a darker pink design of dots that is very pretty.
this flower has several pink stamen surrounded by several large, wide, slightly ruffled pink petals.
green receptacles, purple petals, spots on one of the petals
the petals are bright pink as are the stamen, with small purple anthers.
this flower has three stamen in the center and soft pink petals underneath.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this is a pink flower with five petals and pink stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are pink.
a purple star shaped flower with purple stamen and purple anther filament.

this medium white flower has rows of thin blue petals and thick stamen.
this pretty flower has a lot of thin blue petals.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this stunning flower has large green and yellow stamens surrounded by thin purple ribbon-like petals.
a round flower with purple, thin petals and green stamen.
this flower has some regular looking purple petals that are hidden by strange filament shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a stringy stamen
this flower is blue and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has a unique collection of dark blue lavender filaments and green style and stigma.
this flower has a round fringe of bright purple hairs and thick green stamen.

this flower has large purple petals and a few blue stamen in the middle of it
the petals are purple in color while the stem is green in color.
the flower is pink with fused petal that is disc shaped and has stamens sticking out from the centre
the flower has large purple petals that are dotted with violet.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has jagged magenta with dark purple strip with lighter pink spots stripped petals.
this particular flower has petals that are short and pointed with purple
this flower has petals that are pink and has ruffled edges
this flower has broad purple spotted petals and a purple pistil.
this flower has purple petals with lighter and darker purple spots and a dark purple stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow stigma
petals are p[ink in color,prominent pistil with yellow anthers and red stigma
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pistil and also the petals has curly edges
this flower has five petals that are frilly on the edges, pink shaded darker on the edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has five large pink petals with a fly on one of them and a long pink pollen tube with yellow stamen attached to it.
this bright pink flower has pedals all around with darker pink in the very middle and a large yellow stigma coming up in the middle.

the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl like shape
this flower has petals that are white with edges of purple
this flower has petals that are white with pink centers and white stamen.
the flower has big round white petals with purple edges.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovules.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this purple and white flower has rounded petals and white anthers.
this flower has four round white petals with purple veins.
this flower has large white petals with purple tips and veins running through them, surrounding a yellow style with thin white stamen coming out of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges

the flower with petals that are fused together supporting and surrounding the yellow stamen in the centre
the magenta flower with pale pink ridges on its petals has many yellow stamen and a yellow green center.
the flower has a large purple petal with yellow anther and filaments
this flower contains broad cupped white and purple petals surrounding thin white stamens.
this flower has purple petals and a yellow and green ovule
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has wide, slightly heart-shaped petals in white and pink, with striations.
the flower has a lavendar petals with stamen around the pollen tube

this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has bright red petals and red pistil as its main features
the petals on this flower are red and white in color.
thin, delicately veined crimson petals cluster around a deep red pistil topped with a tiny white ruffle.
this flower has dark red petals and red stamen with white flowering anthers.
this flower has bright red petals and a beautiful little white pistil
this flower has very small white petals with a very tiny pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
tiny white star shaped flowers surrounded by red leaf shaped petals.

this flower has petals that are green with purple stringy stamen
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
the flower is so big and has disc of petals that are soft, thick and arranged below the disc of stamens that are blue
this is a flower that has white petals and purple and white anthers.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has flat, pointed white petals with flat blue filaments and upright stamen and pistils.
this flower has green and plum colored stamen purple and white anther filaments, white petals,
this flower is white, green, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has skinny long white petals and green pistil.

a large and pink petal flower with a red pedicel.
a pink flower petals of which are pulled backwards to expose the small center with white stigma and stamens.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and the stem is thin and pink in color.
magenta petals sweep back behind this flower perched on an orange stem on this flower.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has smooth pink oblong petals sitting atop of straight red stems.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pink pedicel.
this flower has five bright pink fan shaped petals and a darker pink pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards

the petls rae lternately shap[ed ,lower petals are green in color and the upper petals are pink in color
this flower has overlapping violet petals that are pointy at the end and similar overlapping sepals
this flower has a lot of purple petals stacked onto one another
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flowers of the plant are made of pink blooms with a geometric design.
this flower has layers of light yellow sepals holding larger layers of bright pink petals.
this flower has very pointed purple petals that match it's leaves.
this flower has petals that open upward of a deep magenta color.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower has large pink petals with a light green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stigma
this is a large orange flower with yellow stigma.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
the orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in single layer around stamens
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower is very large with round orange petals with a long stem in the middle.
this flower has a long orange pistil with large orange petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are orange has has yellow style

this unique flower almost looks prickly in appearance and features frost-like petals.
the flower has petals of a green color with numerous spikes.
the flower has pale violet, spiny petals with a prominent, green pistil.
the flower is made of thorny petals and a thick pedicel with a thick ovary.
the pretty flower has strange looking petals the remind you of some kind or cactus.
this is a purple flower with pokey petals that flex upward and a thick pistil.
these flowers have hairy like petals with cone shaped stamen in the center of them.
this flower is green and white in color, and has petals that are point and sharp in appearance.
this flower has petals that are blue and pointy at the ends
this flower has thin jagged petals that are light blue and white in color.

the petals of the flower are pink with a black center and have a green sepal.
the flower has layers of light pink petals and black stamens.
this flower has a black pistol with bright pink stamen and petals.
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink with black stamen
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are mostly pink, and black is the color of the stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered around a black ovary.
this flower has a dark brown center and long thin pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red stamen

the flower shown has smooth purple petals with yellow pistil
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin and large.
this flower features broad delicate purple petals surrounding small yellow stamens.
this is a small flower with a pink pistil and upward pointing pink petals.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with yellow stigma.
this flower has small, pale upturned purple petals with smooth edges.
this flower has purple petals that are very thin in terms of thickness and fan shaped.
this flower has light purple petals that are widely shaped and arranged in a slightly cupped position.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
large, light purple petals with small yellow anthers in the center.

the flower shown has white and purple petals with white pistil
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
pedicel is dark green in color,petals are white and purple spotted with larger anthers
the flower has petals that are purple and white in color and filaments that curl outwards.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a white stamen.
six long and pointed petals, white with purple spots, fan up and out from the long pistil and the white and purple spotted stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has white petals that are covered with purple blotches
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with purple speckles.

a yellow flower with oblong petals in two layers and a darker yellow center.
this flower has long yellow skinny petals with a dark brown pistil
the flower has several yellow petals and dark brown pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are long and oval shaped.
the flower petals are yellow in color the stamen is yelloow in color and the stigma is large and blacjk in color
this yellow flower has pointed petals, a green pedicel, and orange stamen.
this flower has thin oblong shaped yellow petals in a ring-shaped formation.
this flower has a rounded brown center and layers of long thin yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the flower has two double rows of yellow needle shaped flowers.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with a large stigma
this flower has beautiful magenta petals that have just a touch of white at the base.
this flower has a large pink petal with a white streak in the bottom of it, and it has a pink stigma on it
the flower has purple and white petals with a pink pollen tube
this pink flower is characterized by its curvy, pink petals and pink pistil jetting out from the center of the plant.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled along the edges.
this flower has large rounded white petals whose ruffled edges are bright pink.
this flower has large pink and white petals with a prominent pistil.

the flower has petals that are pale pink or white with white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
a curved pink flower with white filament resting atop a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very thin and heart shaped.
the petals are pink with prominent darker pink veins and yellow-white stamen.
this flower has petals of pale pinkish lavendar veined with a deeper purple and greenish centers.
this flower consists of lavender pedals with long white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the flower shown has white petals with several orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
flower has 5 yellow petals with orange stripes and many small stamen with red and yellow color
a rubbery looking white pedaled flower, with a deep center.
the flower consists of large yellow petals surround short stamen.
this flower has white smooth petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower has a ring of rounded light yellow petals with a wrinkled texture.

the petals are bell-shaped, pink, and pointed downwards from the flower.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
these pinkish purple flowers are shaped like bells. they could also be mistaken for bells chiming in the wind.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
these flowers have hot pink bell shaped petals with spots on the inside.
this flower has lots of small deep pink petals with a smattering of white on the inside of each petal.
this bell shaped flower is all pink in color and it has a yellow pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and layered vertically.
these flowers are hot pink and have a bell shape to them.
these pink bell shaped flowers contain long yellow filaments topped with bright anthers.

the petals of this flower are yellow and peach with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers around stamens
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow patches
petals are oval in shape many and are light pink in color
the petals of this flower are pink and white and the pedicel is green
there are radiating pedals which fade from yellow into white into a brownish pink.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
the many layers of petals are the lightest pink and become the lightest yellow near the center grouping of yellow anthers.
this flower has layers of peach-colored petals with pale yellow insides.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center composed of anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are dark pink with many yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this bright red flower has a large number of rounded petals and a cluster of yellow stamen at the center.
a large purple flower with a gold stigma and heart shaped pedals.
this flower has white filament along with yellow anther and a bright purple petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower has yellow and white stamen and deep pink petals.
this flower has short yellow stamen and bright pink layers of petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled and wilted.
the petals are broad and has green sepals on its stalk.
this flower has petals that are yellow with small black lines
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and the leaves are green.
this flower has wrinkled yellow petals with brown streaks on them.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wavy.
this flower is characterized by its brittle yellow petal appearance as well as its yellow pistil at the center.
this flower has yellow petals with brown accents and stripes towards the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines

this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointy and skinny.
this is a flower with orange and purple petals and no visible pistils shown.
this flower has bright yellow petals with very sharp tips which point directly upwards.
sepla is dark green in color,petals are orange in color and othersa re purple inc olor
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
the spiky petals are orange and purple and the spiky sepals are green.
this flower has white receptacles with tall, spiky orange petals rising out of them.
this flower has spiky petals of orange and a purplish blue with spiky foliage.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has orange and purple petals as well as a green stamen.

this flower is flat, with six white petals and a large ovule and bright yellow stamen and pistels.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow steman
the flower shown has white petals, and yellow anthers.
a nice white flower with yellow seddlings looking as if they will fall to the ground at any minute.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
flower with six white (nearly) oval petals, greater than 20 very short yellow stamen at center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow edges
this flower has yellow stamen and small white oblong petals.

this white flower only has few petals, but a couple have a fuchsia design pattern.
the white floral petals are red color spoted with smaller stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with spots of purple markings
this flower has large white petals with a lot of pink spots on them
this flower has white petals with red stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals that have purple dots on them
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has white petals, two of which have a large number of pink lines on them.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has large orange petals and dark orange anthers in the middle
the dark yellow flower has two layers of petals that are arranged in a disc like manner arranged around the stamen
this flower has orange petals and red pistil as its main features
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is a beautiful color orange with overlapping petals.
this flower has many bright orange petals with a brown center.
this flower is a very vibrant orange with a darker orange center and with many petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has numerous bright orange finger shaped petals.
this flower with an orange pedaled and a red center.

this flower has a white petal with a yellow center and pink stripe on the bottom
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
the petals are white with yellow, red, pink, and purple streaks and splotches that form a pinwheel effect spanning from the center.
this flower has five white petals with hints of yellow and purple coloring on them.
five overlapping petals, white at their edges, then yellow, then red at their very bases, form a star shape.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has very smooth white petals with yellow and pink accents.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five, large petals that are primarily white with yellow in the center and red at the base/center of the flower.
a star shaped flower with white and yellow petals with hints of purple and red.

the petals on this flower are red on the exterior ring and both red and white on the interior ring.
maroon color large petals with 5 white petals sticking out the yellow stamina.
this flower has a lot of stamen and a star shaped row of red petals on the outside with an inside row of rounded white and red petals on the inside
the flower has maroon outer petals but has light pink inner flowers and yellow anthers.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are in the shape of a star.
this flower has five dark red pointed petals with rounded pale pink inner petals.
this flower has 5 distinguished pointed purple petals and 5 more smaller rounded white petals.
this flower has white and red petals with yellow stamen
this flower has many yellow stamen surrounded by five petals fading from red at the inside to white at the edges.
this flower has dark red sepals, dark red and white petals, and yellow anther filaments.

this flower has purple petals in the shape of a bell, with a star of yellow stamen in the center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped
this flower is trumpet shaped with purple petals and a yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
these blue bell shaped petals have white anther inside.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals with a yellow star shaped stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
purple, bell shaped petals, light yellow pistils and green sepals and pedicel.
this small purple flower has a long yellow stigma and grows in groups on one pedicel.

this flower has petals that are purple with dark spots
flowers are alernaetly shaped,they are purlp in color with some brown spots
this trumpet like flower is tube shaped and pale purple with accents of white in it's inner sections.
this flower has purple petals and purple spots in the center.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted near the inside.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
the cup shape purple and white petals with spots like a cup with a bell
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark spots
these flowers have purple petals with spots of brown in the inside of thern.
this flower has purple bell-shaped petals with white-ringed purple spots inside of them.

large round purple petals surround a white pistil in this large bloom
the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has five wide, slightly overlapping purple petals with rounded edges.
this light purple flower has five distinct large rounded petals with rough edges.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has purple petals that are wavy on the edges.
the petals of the flower are in a fan shape, and consist of shades of purple and white throughout.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wilted in appearance.
five purple, rounded petals surround a deep throat to the pistil and stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled edges

crinkled, thin, white petals surround numerous yellow anthers with a central thick pistil.
these white, saggy flower petals have a yellow stamen inside of them that's shaped like a ball.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled.
the flower has a flowing white petal with yellow anther
this is a white flower with large petals and a yellow pollen middle
this flower has a short yellow pistil and large white petals with a very wrinkled texture.
a white flower with ruffled wide petals that surround a circular white bush of stamen.
this white flower is characterized by its white, folded petals as well as its yellow pistil at the center.
the gold stamens surrounds the stigma of the white petals of the flower
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow edges

this flower has a yellow and brown center surrounded by long thin red petals with round yellow tips.
the petals are small and pointed and range from reddish orange at the center to yellow at the tip while the stamen and stigma are yellow and brown.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
the petals on this flower are red with yellow tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has long red petals whose tapered edges are yellow.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red with yellow tips.
the petals of the flower have bright yellow tips, and the base of the petals are a vibrant orange color.
this flower has small oblong petals that are red with yellow tips.

the flower has light green petals and spiky purple petals as well.
this flower has thick star shaped white petals as its main feature.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a group of green sepals surround some long thin purple to white petals with a large group of green to yellow stamen and a large brown stigma and green style.
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower that thick whit petals and a large pistil with red colored stigmas.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
sepal is grey in color and petals radiate out from very large dark purple pistil, being dark purple closest to the center of the flower then white and blue as they radiate outward.
this flower has a bottom layer of oblong white petals followed by a flat layer of bright blue filaments and upright stamen and pistils.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the flowr has dark green sepals,the peals are many and are needle shpaed and yellow in color
this is a flower with many skinny yellow petals and a brown center.
these flat yellow petals showcase the similarly colored anthers and filaments.
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals that create a ring formation.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
the yellow flowers consist of many slim pedals and a yellow and red middle.
yellow color flowers with yellow and brown stigma, stamen and green pedicel

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the flower has curled red petals that are large and round.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
the flower shown has large red petals and yellow pistil
a red flower with ruffled red petals and long red filament.
this flower has red petals with yellow stamen,red pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has flowery stigma
this pink flower has five rounded petals with yellow and red anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has a tall pink pistil with a yellow stigma and large pink rounded petals.

this flower has petals that are white with a small white stamen
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the petals of the flower are pure white with light purple at the ends, while the stamen is light green.
this bloom is white with lavender fluted edges and a pale yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower has a large white funnel-shaped petal with small pointed edges and a small white pistil at the center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.
the petals on this flower are white and the pedicel is short and green

these pale pink flowers are somewhat tube shaped with long purple stamen in the middle.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this is a flower with light pink petals and darker stigma.
a group of three pink flowers with the same color pollen tube.
these flowers have pink petals that are attached to a thick pedicel.
this flower has a trumpet shaped pink flower emerging in several places from a green stem.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
a light pink flower with large folded pink petals and light pink stamen.

this dome shaped flower has numerous layers of small, ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very ruffled
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has a large amount of small bright yellow petals that give the flower a ball shape.
these pretty bunches of flowers has a lot of yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
a yellow flower with many multilayers of small yellow delicate petals covering the whole flower hiding the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has a wide rounded mound of pale ruffled yellow petals.
this flower is an explosion of yellow petals that all unfold from the center.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow steman
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has protruding stamen surrounded by several ruffled white petals with yellow and pink accents.
the pink petals on this flower look like they bloom one on top of the other.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has white petals with pink trimming that are layered on a green vine.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and pink along the edges.
this flower has many petals that are white shading to yellow and pink on the edges.
the flower has yellow and pink petals that have a slightly ruffled edge.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has two upturned layers of tapered white petals with vivid purple dots.
here is a flower with long slender white leaves that have purple spots and long filaments and anthers.
this flower has petals that are light purple with purple dots
the flower shown has star shaped purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has an umbrella shaped stamen top protruding out of purple petals embedded on a large green leaf.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this purple and white flower has petals as well as a pedicel.
this particular flower has petals that are short and small with white and pink
this flower has blue petals that have small purple dots

sharp, dark red petals that are layered upon each other vertically.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower is red and stalk shaped with many pointed petals extending from it.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this flower's petals are long and sharp with a deep red color.
this flower has pointy and red petals that have several layers
this red flower has layers of pointed petals with a fluted stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has different layers of bright red spiky petals that are arranged rather sparsely.

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this pink flower has the overlapping petals on a prominent reddish pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and darker at the bottom.
the flower has petals that are pink with brown pedicel.
the flower has a weird looking set of petals that are curly and pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is bright pink in color, with thin and wavy petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower green petals with dark green filaments and pink anthers.
this unusually-shaped flower has petals which are dark pink in the area closer to the flower's pedicel and which become lighter pink toward the other end.

this flower features long white stamen surrounded by four broad overlapping white petals.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the corolla of this flower is bowl-shaped where the white petals are green at the base, and it has green colored gynoecium and white anthers with green filaments.
the flower is white and has petals that are soft, smooth and forming a bell shape and enclosing stamnes
this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
the bowl shaped white flower has petals that surrounding the stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a greenish white flower with bell shaped pedals and a green stem.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are curved around the ovary.
this flower has white clam shaped petals surrounding the white stamen.

this flower has red petals with dark red dots and long white stamens on them
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the flower has very large purple anther with white filament and orange petals
the flower has speckled petals that curve in on themselves and large showy stamen.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this large flower has 6 red petals with dark red dots that curl back toward the stem and long, light pink filaments with dark red anthers.
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are red and has purple dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that curled backwards.
this flower is characterized by its light red, curvy petals as well as its long pink pistil.

wide petals fading inwards whiter to bright yellow and a light lime green center with short pistols
this white flower has several ridged, fan shaped petals and very small visible stamen.
the flower has a smooth flat white petal with yellow in the center
this flower has seven petals that are white towards the tips and yellow towards the center where seven stamens are arranged symmetrically to the petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has small overlapping petals that are white with a yellow base.
this flower has overlapping heart shaped white petals with yellow accents.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped
this flower has a bright purple petal and a dark pink pedicel
beautiful pink petals shaped almost like tear drops, very pretty.
the flower shown has pink petals and pink pedicel as well
pink petals and red pedicel with green veined sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
the flower has large, smooth bright pink petals and green foliage.
this bright pink flower has many long, irregular shaped petals and long stems.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple shading
this flower has very smooth bright pink petals which bend backwards.

this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
petals are overlaping,flower is light purple incolor
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has an irregular ring of small light purple petals surrounding a dome-like configuration at its center.
this flower has a pink mound of small and very ruffled petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped and closely bunched together.
this flower is completely lavender with bright white anthem.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together

the flower is formed by alternating pink petals that curve upward to form a bowl.
this flower has broad light pink leaves that become darker pink around the edges and tips.
this large pink flower has large pink oval shaped petals and large green floating leaves
this is a flower with light pink petals that have bright pink tips and a green pedestal.
light pink petals looking up toward the sky makes this look happy.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has purple and white petals which sits a top a long green pedicel.
this flower contains light pink petals with a dark pink tip, the petals also curve upward.
this flower has light pink petals with slightly darker pointed tips.

this is a yellowish orange flower with the same colored pistils.
the flower has larger petals that are yellow in color with many yellow stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this is a small flower it has bright yellow petals, yellow anthers, and a lighter yellow stigma
this flower has yellow petals that form a circle and has stringy stamen
this bloom contains four rounded yellow petals and short tangled stamen centered around a black pistil.
this bright, yellow flower has four large petals and a large cluster of stamen in the center.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
yellow petals and yellow stigma with a green pedicel on this flower.
this small flower has several upturned yellow petals with rounded edges.
a small cup shaped golden flower with a green stem.
this flower has four small, upturned triangular yellow petals which fade gradually to orange.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has bright yellow petals along with short bright yellow filaments.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long pink petals and no visible outer stamen on it
white water catching petals that have some pink toward the bottom.
a very large flower with white petals with a splash of pink color that extend in the veins toward the tips of the petal.
these large pale pink flowers have seven or more loosely arranged, spoon-shaped petals.
the petals of this flower are pink and dark pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has smooth oblong pink and white petals in a generally upright position.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has white, very smooth petals with soft pink accents.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
the delicate white petals are fringed in a light purple color that bleeds down into the petal towards the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are white with purple patches
white and dark purple petals with a long green leaves white middle
the petals on this flower are white with purple fringes.
this flower has wide and very smooth white petals and ruffled purple edges.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are whtie with purple edging.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower has petals that are white with purple around the edges and a couple of them have wrinkled edges.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped and ruffled.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the flower has long yellow petals that are thin and dense.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen
flower with long spikey yellow petals and a duller yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow skinny shredded petals with yellow stamen in the inside of it.
there are two layers of bright yellow bristle like petals surrounding a dense cluster of bright yellow stamen and pistil.
this yellow flower has many densely layered pointed petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has narrow, upwards facing yellow petals, a orange-yellow ovule and spiked green and brown leaves.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has many pointed pinkish yellow petals with a yellow pistil.
light purple and yellow petals with dark green leaves and yellow middle
this flower has petals that are pink with orange shading
flower petals are oval in shape,they are beige in color
this flower has muted pink petals which are cup-shaped and which are more yellow toward the center.
this flower has layers of overlapping orange petals with yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red and white with yellow centers.
this flower has rows of yellowish pink petals with dark green tooth like leaves.

this flower has yellow pistil and smooth pink petals as its main features
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
the petals on this flower are orange and are big that go down
this flower is pink in color, with petals that appear wilted.
a salmon colored flowers with wide flat petals that bend over yellow middle.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink and curl outward.
this flower has wide, rounded and very soft petals in a shade of reddish orange.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has white petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has long white pears with ruffled edges and a deep purple mouth.
white petals with yellow and purple middle dark green leaves
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow and pink shading
this flower has petals that are white and has a bell shape
a flower with long white leaves and a different type of leave in the center which features shades of yellow and pink
the petals are white with some tube shaped and others flat, with a yellow and pink center that runs through them.
a couple of a large white flower with a purple and tan center.
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

this flower has petals that are pink with long stigma
the flower shown has a thick purple petal as its main feature.
the flower shown has a prominent pistil as its main feature and a large pink petal.
this flower is pink and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a single purple petal with a protruding long pistil
this flower has one main pinkish purple petal in the shape of a spade with no sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white style
a shiny pink thick large leaf shaped petal and located at the bottom of the petal is a long thick white pistil with yellow color on the tip stigma.
the single pink petal is teardrop shaped and the stamen is long and pink.
a large pink leaf like shiny petal underneath a light pink cob shaped pistil.

this flower has has pink and white petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has oval shaped pink petals with bright yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow pistil and light pink petals as its main features
there are many yellow tame with large, pale pink petals at differing levels around the flower.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a light pink flower with multiple layers of pink petals surrounding a cluster of long yellow stamen.
water lilly style pink flower made of oblong pink petals and bright yellow numerous stamen

the five petals are rounded, the flower is a pale butter yellow, and the leaves are green.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wilted and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow and black stamen
the flower is light yellow and starting a wide tube near the sepal and suddenly flaring out the petals forming a disc like shape
this flower has five large ruffled petals surround green stamen and yellow stigma.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant yellow color, and the stamens are of various colors, such as orange and black.
this flower has light yellow petals with smooth edges and a slightly wrinkled texture.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pale yellow.

the flower is a pale yellow with six petals surrounding a darker yellow open center.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow bell shaped center
this light yellow flower has star shaped petals atop a green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white under a single yellow bell shaped petal and yellow stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has white petals forming a star-like configuration with a yellow trumpet shaped petal at the center.
a yellow flower with yellow filament, anther and the leaves are green and thin
this flower is yellow and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
six sided star positioning of oval shaped light yellow sepals with single bell shaped bright yellow flower with single pistil covered in anthers along its length.

this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals are spiky and red in color with green sepals surrounding it.
this flower has lower green petals with red petals at the top.
this flower has petals that are red with pointy ends
this flower has long red petals and a dark red stigma in the middle
this flower has vertical red petals whose tips are thick and very spiky.
this flower has petals that are red and pointy at the end
this flower has long, narrow, red petals that end in a green point.
this flower has three layers of pointed red petals that fan out in a star shape.
this flower has red petals as well as a white pistil.

the petals of the flower are light pink while the stalk and sepals are green.
this wavy light purple flower has lots of soft edges and wiggly petals.
this light pink flower has slightly wavy and curly petals with dark pink outline at the bottom.
smooth purple petals stand out sitting atop a dark purple pedicel
delicate clusters of wavy violet petals with a brown stamen in the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
the long, broad pink petals have a dark pink base, and twist upward.
this flower has pink petals that fold up and has a purple center
this pink flower has pointed petals and a red and green pedicel.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are wavy and light purple.

this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
the flower has dense purple petals with a thick purple line in the middle.
this flower has petals that are dark with many purple stamen.
the flower is blue and has petals that are soft,smooth and separately arranged around the clustered stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are darker in the center.
a flower with a very large light purple pedaled flower.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals that have short red stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly lavender in color and the inner stamen is the color purple.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
these flowers have bright orange and yellow petals with a lime green pistil.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has bright yellow and orange petals as well as small white sepal.
this flower has many blossoms grouped together, each with four smooth orange petals and short white stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
the orange petals have dark orange veins and the stamens are white colored.
the orange petals have dark orange veins and the stamens are white colored.
the orange petals have dark orange veins and the stamens are white colored.

the petals are rounded and orange with yellow in the center and are centered around a yellow pistil.
this flower has several rounded overlapping petals of orange with yellow centers.
this brightly colored flower has a yellow center and vibrant orange outlying layer (of the petals).
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the flower has five petals that are yellow with orange edges.
this flower has orange petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower opens wide with petals of bright orange and bright yellow at the center.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has orange petals with a patch of yellow in the center
this flower has multicolored petals that are yellow near their base and orange around the edges.

this flower has a white petal and a white colored stamen
this large star-shaped flower has ruffled edges and conjoined white petals with pale green centers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled, and connect.
a few flowers with white petals and white anther filaments.
there are ruffled white petals gradually changing to green in the center and the stamen are greenish white.
this flower has a pentagon shape with white petals and a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has a connected white petal that gets more yellow closer to the stamen.
this flower has a petal with uneven edges, white coloring and light green veins.

this flower has green sepals surrounding several layers of overlapping, pointed pink petals.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the flower has pointed pink petals with dark green tips.
the flower has a large purple petal with thick green sepal
this flower has large pink petals with green tips, and no visible outer stigma
this flower has vertical layers of thick, tapered green and pink petals.
this flower has pink petals that are tipped with dark green.
this flower has large red and green petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower has tight layers of green sepals underneath nearly identically shaped layers of pink petals with green tips.

this pink flower has many odd shaped petals. the stigma can be seen and is large and green.
multiple light pink petals circled around a green stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has several large, slightly ruffled petals of pink with rounded edges.
a flower that is mostly pink with some white and yellow blends, with a green stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has a green style
this flower has light pink petals with curled edges and a bright green pistil.
this particular flower has petals that are small and round with a light pink
the glossy petals are light pink with ruffled edges and the sepals are deep green.
a green pollen tube sticks out of purple and white petals.

this flower has long thin pink petals that are curved, and has white stamen in the center
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has several long, very thin purple petals with ruffled edges which curl slightly backwards.
this flower does not have many petals, the petals are long thin and purple.
the flower is pink in color with folded and needle shaped petals
long, thin, pale-pink petals and white anthers.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has long curly pink petals with longer pink stamen.

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are very skinny.
there are two flies enjoying the sweet nectar of this lavender wild flower.
this is a sharp and prickly flower with a purple tuft of long petals at the top.
the flower is like pink, soft and has needle light arrangements that are so dense
this purple flower has many petals with a very large pedicel.
hair like purple petals with a large pedicle with spiked leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has a green thorny base with thin pink petals sprouting from the top.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.
the flower has a spiky green ovary, and light purple filaments.

a white and purple flower with a few spiraled petals and a thick brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white with pink patches
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ovals shaped and wavy.
these flowers have long white petals that become dark purple at the base.
this flower has several pointed white petals, backbent, with a large purple center.
this white and purple flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are purple on the bottom.
this flower has large white petals and a dark pink center.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center

the flower has large bright red petals with a red pedicel.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has red petals that grow upwards and are rounded at the edge
the flowers has a very brightly red colored petals that looks like deflated balloon pieces.
these flower have bright red and pink petals with a brownish red stem.
this flower has oblong and upward facing bright red petals on a darker red stem.
these delicate pink flowers are flat on the bottom, making perfect flat circles at the bottom, as the stem comes out from the side.
this flower has petals that are red and has black center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals oval shaped.
this flower has red petals as well as a red pedicel.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with red stamen
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this pink flower has many long, thin petals and many red stamen.
the flower has light pink petals and an auburn stamen in the middle.
this flower as long purplish pinkish petals with a ball in the middle
this flower has thin purple petals and a cone-shaped pistil.
long lavender pedals in a double row with a cone shaped stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a red stamen.

a couple of small but large golden pedaled flowers with a dull white center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white stamen.
bright yellow clusters of four petal flowers surround flower centers that are made up of thick white filaments
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has four bright yellow petals that are slightly crinkled in texture with white stamen.
this flower has small round yellow petals with very delicate veins.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
a pink flower with layered narrow petals and tiny stamen sitting on green sepal.
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers forming a disc around stamens
the petals on this flower are a hot pink with red pistil in the middle
this flower has many petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has a couple of layers of thin bright pink oblong petals.
a broad pink flower with many tiny pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this is a pink flower with thin petals and a dark pink pistil.
this round pink flower has many thin layered petals around its dark pink pistil.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled over at the edges.
this is an all white flower with one big petal and a long anther filament.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
a white flower with a long narrow green stigma tipped with yellow surrounded by large white floppy petals.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has one white petal with no separation surrounding the pollen tube and its stigma is yellow.
this flower has conjoined white petals which bend smoothly outwards.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower is white in color, and has a horn shaped petal.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this purplish flower has toothpick-shaped petals in addition to regular petals and a big pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
a flower with light purple petals accompanied by indigo pistils.
a flower with purple sepals small thin purpple petals and thick green stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
this white, blue and purple flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has large white and pink petals with a green pistil.
this flower has a green pistil surrounded by many sharp, purple styles, and behind that large, lighter purple petals.
this flower has thick rounded pale petals under a fringe of thick purple quills.

the flower has long petals that are yellow and have red stripes.
the flower shown has yellow and red petals which is its dominant feature
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines and an orange stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
a double row of thorn shaped bright yellow and red pedals surrounding a yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower formulates a distinctive pattern at the base of the petals.
this flower has upturned pointed yellow petals with vertical red stripes.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are striped in the center.

this flower features thin yellow ribbon like petals emanating from the ovary
this rounded yellow flower has layers of hairlike very thin yellow petals which create a dome shape.
this is a flower with long and stringy yellow petals.
this yellow flower consists of many small, long petals arranged in a circle that radiates outward.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has a rounded cluster of thin fringe-like yellow petals.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with very skinny and bunched petals.
this flower has yellow petals that are thin and stringy
this flower has a large amount of very thin bright yellow petals.

the petals of the flower are white and tipped with pink on a green stalk.
the flower shown has pink and white petals with green pedicel
the flower has several individual flowers stacked on top of each other that are white and pink.
a pink and white flower that has stacked rows of petals and a large green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink around the edges.
this flower has many blossoms on the same stem that have white petals with light pink edges.
the ruffled petals are white with pink edges and the stamen have dark pink anther.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and pink along the edges.

this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are bright blue with white lines, and the stamen is bright green with black dots.
the flower has stamen and the petals are green in color.
this flower has green petals and purple and green stamen.
the flower shown has green pollen tubes with green sepal and blue petals
a large flower with neon colors and a large green stigma.
this blue and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has a flat row of pointed white petals and a flat row of thin blue filament on top of that.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has large green petals under a fringed set of purple and white quills.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with white and pointy petals and yellow anthers.
this white flower has petals that start narrower then widen then come to a point.
the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and have a yellow center.
this flower has a yellow ovary with small yellow stamens surrounded by layers of white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of thick white petals.
this flower has many white petals that are facing upward and yellow anthers.

this flower has large white petals and a cluster of yellow stamen with brown tips.
there are eight white petals. the center consists of a yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this white flower has a simple row of smooth, large petals with it's stamen in it's center with a single brown color outer row and prominent condensed yellow stamen on the inner row.
this is a flower with a yellow stigma and white petals.
the beautiful big white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner around yellow stamen
the petals on this plant are a bright white and what seems to be the anthem are a bright yellow contrasting against the white.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pure white and fan shaped, and the center has several yellow anthers.
the yellow round center of the flower in a stark contrast to the stark white petals surrounding it.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
the flower shown has smooth purple petals surrounding yellow anther
this flower features a prominent ovary surrounded by a ring of yellow stamens, framed by five broad yellow petals.
the flower is made of pink petals with a green center surrounded by yellow anthers.
this flower has large light pink petals, multiple small yellow stamen, and a large green pistil
round tipped lavender petals with yellow stamen and green pollen tube tip.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has two rows of lavender petals with yellow stamen and a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of thin and soft petals in a very pale purple.

the flower shown has purple and white petals with purple pistil
this flower has petals that are pink with green tips
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are dark at the tips.
this flower has short, wide purple petals with many swollen white pollen tubes tipped by purple stigma.
this flower has light pink petals and a lot of pink stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigmas
this particular flower has petals that are dark purple
this flower has many little and big pink petals that have green tips.
this flower has tapered pink and green petals with tiny inner flowers in a cluster.
this flower has a bottom layer of short pointed pink petals arranged in a ring.

the flower is like a long with several anthers in the center.
the flower has petals that are light blue and shaped like a tube.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled backward.
this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals which curl slightly outward into points.
this flower has petals that are blue with long stamen
large, pale blue petals with white anthers, and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and is bell shaped white and bell shaped
this flower has one big petal that is white and bell shaped with a nude colored filament.
a light blue flower with light blue petals that wrap around a yellow and white pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this oval-shaped flower has purple and pointed petals that overlap each other.
this flower has wavy pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has pink petals and it also has a greenish sepal and pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has petals that are intertwined and bright pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has long skinny green leaves and pink sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has a layered pink petal with pointed edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are wavy and multi colored.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with white pistil in the center
a cluster of flowers with purple petals accompanied by white pistils and anther filaments.
this flower has a cluster of purple and white petals extending down the pedicle.
these flowers grow in bunches with bright purple petals that fade into a pale yellow/white toward the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading
this flower has white stamen and light purple petals with uneven edges.
soft purple pink pedals with white highlights and a long white stamen.

this flower has bright yellow petals with a greenish yellow ovary
this flower has petals that are yello with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are yellow, soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner around the clustered disc of stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this is a flower with a large pistil and yellow pointy petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and the leaves of the flower are green in color.
this flower has dark green sepals behind bright yellow petals that surround a large pistil.

the petals on this flower are white with deep red veins
flower has petals that are red with white stripes and yellow anthers.
several large, triangular shaped reddish petals with darker red veins and a white stripe down the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower had petals that are pink with patches of white
a red and white flower that has a long white stigma.
this flower is made up of a double row of pink petals that all have a white strip down the center.
this flower has tall stamen and multicolored petals that are mostly red with white at their center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin and stringy
the flower shown has thin purple petals with a mossy green pedicel
the leaves of the flower are green in color while the petals are pink in color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has petals that are thin and burgundy with green pecidel.
this flower has a wide top covered with long tube-like pink thin petals.
the magenta petals are tiny and ruffled and the stamen are thin and yellow.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled up and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has short and spiky pink petals that are sparsely arranged.

the flower has orange petals that are also dotted with brown.
this flower has petals that are orange with dark lines
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are striped.
the petals on this flower are orange with brown dots.
this funnel shaped flower has orange petals with some having lines on them with darker shade pf brown
this flower has thin tapered petals of orange with dark red accents.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots on them
this flower has orange petals with stamen of the same color, and dark red marks on a few of the petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange.
this orange and brown flower has rounded petals and bright orange stamen.

this flower has petals that are dark pink with a pink stigma.
the flower has purple colored outer petals and white coloerd inner petals
this tiny bloom features rounded white petals, pointed purple leaves, and tiny purple berries.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are small and wrinkled.
this flower has purple stamen and large, triangular purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma
this flower has triangle-shaped pink sepals and very small oblong white petals.
a large purple flower with white stigma center and a green stem.
this flower has spade-shaped purple leaves surrounding tiny inner white flowers.
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are purple.

large heart shaped red petal with a long slender yellow style
this flower is red in color, with only a single red petal.
this flower has a very large red petal with a creme colored stigma that is sticking out
the flowers have red petals with a red style that is very tall.
these flat red flowers have a petal that looks waxy and a long yellow pistil.
the bloom of the flower is waxy in appearance and is red in color.
this flower has petals that are red and has a ong yellow style
the petals of this flower are red, the pistil is tube like and the pedicel is green
the large, red petals is heart shaped and wrinkled and the stamen is long and orange.
this flower is red in color, and has one single large red petal.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
petals are rounded in shape,they are red in color with amny stamens
a round puffy flower with pink petals and many long white stamen with black tips.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has clusters of red petals with wavy edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals of this flower are a bright pink and overlap each other and the pistil is yellow.
this flower has layers of very ruffled red petals around short yellow stamen.

this flower has purple small circular tubes in a heap shaped in a corn like fashion.
oval shaped cylindrical blue to violet petals hang down from a long pedicel in a circular pattern.
this flower features a group of small purple buds with a white border. arranged in a cone form.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
the flower is composed of blue berries and is arranged on a green stalk.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has very small purple blossoms with delicately ruffled white mouths.
this flower has small, purple ball-shaped petals with white tips.

this flower is pink and blue in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
pink long pointed petals layered in a feathered fashion revealing a violet pistil.
this light purplish colored flower is long and feather shaped.
this long purple flower has layered pink leaves and a soft center.
the flower has a bright purple petal with a blue smaller petal
a large flower with individual purple pedals and blue pedals.
this unique flower has pink and purple color petals with green stems
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has a long vertical pattern of thick, flat, waxy pink petals in chevron angles.

this flower has long purple petals and long white stamen in the center
this blossom has several large purple sepals, the petals are white and very barrow, there is a large dark purple ovary in the center.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that arr pink with white stamen
this flower has large purple petals under a round fringe of thick white quills.
the flower has many pink petals beneath a layer of spiny white petals that turn deep purple toward the center.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has elongated pink petals under a row of long needle like long petals.

these flowers have long bell shaped petals that are dark pink with dots on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has purple bell shaped petals that have white and purple spots.
this flower has long cone-shaped purple petals and darker purple dots in the center.
this flower is characterized by its purple, cylindrical petals as well as hair-like projections that seem to coming off the petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.

this flower has petals that are white and very prickly looking
this white and green flower has spiked white petals and a green spiked stigma.
pedicel is green incolor,petals are spiky and needle shaped
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower features pointy white petals with a prickly stigma at it's center.
a flower with thin, light purple petals which look thorny on the sides, and a big style protruding from the center of the petals.
this flower has a thimble shaped pistil and many long thin toothed grey to lavender colored petals.
this flower has petals that are white and are spiky
a spider shaped flower with many prickly gray petals surrounding a pine cone like stamen.
this flower is green and white in color, and has petals that are spike like.

this flower has one large white petal with a cone shaped beige pistil and dark green leaves.
this flower has a large white petal, and one long yellow stigma in the middle
large white petal with a large golden piston in a bed of green leaves.
the green colored flower has a laarge white colored petal with one longer hanging stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower has one big white petal and a very prominent stigma.
this flower has a single large white petal with a curled edge and a large yellow pistil.
this flower is made up of one very large white petal that has a yellow stamen through the middle.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen wrapped in a thick white petal with a pointed tip.

this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is strange flower with purple petals and yellow stigma.
inner petal;s are needle shped and are purple in color
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has pink petals that have long, stringy and purple stamen
a large plant with purple pedals and a white tip and a white stigma.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has a fluffy shape with dark purple petals and a yellow pistil.
a flower with ragged purple petals stacked atop one another
the petals are broad and thin at the edges, while the color of the petals is purple.
this flower has petals that are purple with white patches
this flower has petals that are purple and is folded together
a purple flower with small floppy purple petals that surround purple stamen with anther filament.
half of the purple petals are folding down towards the pedicel while the other half are closed around the pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
a large purple flower with wrinkled pedals and some drooping.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have ruffled edges with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink with a fuzzy style
this flower has two rounded purple petals and another petal that is slightly a darker color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has large pink petals with a dark pink stigma in the center
this pink flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with red anthers.
the simple purple flowers are planted on top of a garden, their stigmas easily visible.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red shading
this flowers has three long uneven magenta pedals with a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has a white pistil and petals in varying shades of purple and red.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has purple petals that are oval shaped and small.
this flower has petals that are pink with many yellow stamen.
this light purple flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen, which surround a lighter yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
a large pedaled purple flower with dull golden center stigma.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has small purple petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by rounded pink petals.

this flower has a large pink petal and a yellow stigma coming out of the center
a cluster of flowers with pink petals and yellow pistils.
the flower has alternate petals that are pink in color with green sepals
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has several large pink petals with delicately ruffled edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has pink and white petal,s that are ruffled around the edges
this flower has light pink petals with curly edges and a yellow pistil.
this flower has layered pink and white petals on a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

this large blossom has wide red petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
leaves are green, flower is red in color with yellow anthers
this bright red flower has a yellow stigma right in the center of it and petals which blossom outward from the center.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
a group of large red flowers with a deep center with green leaves.
beautiful red flower with petals that are soft, smooth and fused at sepal but flaring out as separate petals forming trumpet like shape
this flower has large red petals that lead to a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are bright red in color with green leaves.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by long orange petals with vertical ridges.
this flower has dark orange petals with a yellow stigma and stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pistil in this flower look like small buds and the petals are orange
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has orange petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by long red petals.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has ribbed orange petals with slightly pointed tips arranged in a single circular layer.

this non-symmetrical blossom has no obvious petals, but has reddish sepals the with odd red structures growing outward from the center.
the flower has needle shpaed petals that are red in color with brown in color sepals
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the flower has a maroon colored sepal and petals with a set of huge stamens and style.
the pedals of this flower are red with a long stigma
a red flower with pink stigma and pistils and the leaves are green
this flower has red petals that are very thin and pointy
this flower has pointed purple sepals along with deep pink spiky petals that are pointing upward.
this flower has long and thin red petals which protrude upwards.
this flower is red in color, with curly and skinny petals.

the flower has petals that are stacked red and yellow.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has a dark red petal and a bright yellow petal as well
this petals on this flower are a thin, papery yellow.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are very small
a flower with short and pointed petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
the tiny, yellow petals are arranged in a pine cone shape on a maroon pedicel.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
a red flower with yellow petals surrounding a red pedicel.

the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower is white and orange in color, with oval shaped petals.
the white flower petals laying hand in hand flourishes the dark pollen tube
this flower has white and layered petals with orange stamen
this white flower has multiple thin petals in double layers and a yellow button center.
the petals of the flower are short and have various tones of white, pink, purple and blue throughout.
the petals of the flower are short and have various tones of white, pink, purple and blue throughout.
the petals of the flower are short and have various tones of white, pink, purple and blue throughout.
the petals of the flower are short and have various tones of white, pink, purple and blue throughout.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has dark orange petals that turn bright yellow at the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and orange with yellow stamen.
the flower is yellow and orange and has yellow filament inside the middle.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
large yellow and bright orange pedals surrounding a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has wide orange petals and ruffled yellow edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower has petals that open up orange and bright yellow on the edge.

the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin and rounded.
the petals are purple and fluffy and hide the stamen and pistil.
this flower has multiple overlapping layers of petals in pale purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower has large purple petals with a small green pistil.
this flower has large and soft pale purple petals which are smooth with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has several purple petals on top of one another.
a very thin and long green pedicel holds up this flowers bright purple petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
a flower with clusters of petal formations which are also red
the flower has dense red petals that are small and round shaped.
this is a small orange flower with round petals on it.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has many red petals and a very small green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has small, rounded petals with smooth edges in a deep red shade.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.

the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves.
pedicela re green in color,petals are white and sepals are green too
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the flower has dense pink petals that are dark and pine cone shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has a vertical layer of soft and small rose-colored petals.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together

this strange plant features a set of frost-tipped looking purple petals.
the ovary looks pine-coned shaped and is greyish and the petals are skinny and spiky and lilac colored.
the flower shown has white pointy petals and a white pollen tube
the flower has long and thin petals, and black anther with polen.
i thin flower with thin purple petals and a long purple gray stamen.
this flower has thin jagged petals that are white and blue in color with a very thick pistil.
this flower has a spiky green column from which protrude long and thin, spiky purple petals.
this flower has hairy like petals with a black cone stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pointy ends
the flower petals are shaped like spider legs and are a off white color.

the flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and a brown center.
the petals of the flower are yellow with red insides and a yellow center.
a large yellow flower, with red stripes on long, skinny petals, heading towards a large center
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by slightly tapered yellow petals with red centers.
this flower has bright petals with pointed tips, yellow edges, and red stripes down the middle.
this flower has wide tapered yellow petals with vertical red stripes.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
a bright yellow flower with a deep center and red stripes.

this flower has pointy green pedicel and purple petals as its main features
the petals on this flower are link with a long stigma
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a spiked green bulb topped with thick pink fringe.
this flower has purple petals and a thorny green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are green and has pink stamen

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
a flower with purple petals and dark anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has multiple black stamen and soft blue petals, which are wide with rounded edges.
a brilliant purple petaled flower with multiple pistils with black stigmas.
this flower has a large purple colored petal and a dark purple stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled edges
a velvet large shaped flower with a dark purple center.
this purple flower has rounded petals, black anthers, and a green pedicel.
these purple flowers have petals that are rounded on the edges and darker purple stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are covered in water drops.

these flowers possess lush, blue petals that have purple streaks running through to their ends from the center.
the petals of this flower are violet and trumpet shaped, and fade to a light pink toward the stigma.
this flower features large purple petals surrounding a small white ovary.
the flower shown has large purple petals which look very smooth
these are large purple trumpet shaped flowers with a pale throat.
this flower has a rounded ruffled shape and accents of purple in its indigo background.
this purple and blue flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are very thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a satellite shape

pedicel is green in color,petals are red sp[oted in color
this flower has petals that are pink with red spots
this flower has petals that are light pink with small dark pink spots an yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals are yellow with pink polka dots all over, while the stigma is yellow.
this flower has burgundy petals with yellow splotches and long yellow stamens.
this flower has long orange petals with spotted accents of bright red.
the stamens have pink filaments with long yellow anthers, surrounded by five elongated pointed petals which are light pink with dense fuchsia dots.
while the stamen is yellow, the petals are long and white with purple spotted across the tops.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots

this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
a flower that has white petals and red stamen
this white-petaled flower has a lush arrangement of stamen at its core.
this flower has a large white petal with a dark brown anther
the stamens are shorter with larg purple shaped anthers and smaller purple stigma
this white and purple flower has pointed petals and green stamen with purple anthers.
medium sized, pointed, white petals with white filament and purple-red anthers.
this is a white flower with star-shaped petals and pink stamens.
the long white leaves with ruffled edges circle a red center.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
a blue bell shaped flower with a thick light green pedicel.
the flower has purple petals with a very bright green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and folded together
the petals of the flower are blue in color with a thick green stem.
this flower has multiple blue white tipped petals on a green pedicel.
this flower has a small bunch of tiny jug-shaped petals that are light blue in color.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
the light blue petals are bell-shaped and the pedicel is bright green.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.

the flower has a the base of trombone base shape as it curves out from stigma.
this trumpet shaped white flower has the green pedicel and the stamens with the yellow anthers at the centre
seaplas rae green in color,flower is white in color ,with white larger anthers
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow stamen
a flower with white petals and yellow stamen.
a white trumpet-shaped flower with yellow anther, and a light green sepal.
this flower has a large white petal with very thin tips and yellow stamen.
this flower has a white, tube-shaped petal, light green pedicel and yellow stamen.
this flower has pointed white petals that has a yellow style

the petals of this flower are white and purple with a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with hints of purple
a flower with dotted purple white petals and large tower of white and green anther and filaments
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots and light green stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with purple spots.
this flower has a very tall, upright pistil and stamen surrounded by a flat, star-like configuration of white petals with purple spots.
this flower has small white petals with purple dots leading to the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

the petals have two colors white and red, with many stamens in the center.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this color flower has petals that are multi colored and that color seems to leak into the them like they are from water color paints.
the pale green flower has an outer row of many small white and red petals and an inner rounded shaped stamen
this is a double flower with slender soft petals that are either white or a crimson in color surrounding a brown center.
this flower has olive color and burgundy layered petals with brown stamen in the inside of it.
the flower has several dozen white petals that have pink hues around their edges.
this flower has layers of long white petals with bright red accents.
this flower has petals that are red and has white shading
this flower has a ring of bright pink filaments surrounded by a few layers of pink and white petals.

this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are ruffled and white in the center.
the flower has a blue petal with a yellow pollen tube
sepals are green in color,petals are blue in color
this electric blue flower has soft petals with a deep receptacle and a strong stem with arrow shaped leaves.
this flower has petals that are blue with a yellow stigma
this is a blue flower with one large petal and a thin yellow pistil.
this flower is a medium bright blue petals with white and yellow inside wit spots and a yellow pistil.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
a flower with blue petal and small green leaves
this flower has petals that are blue and has green patches

this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has large, shiny, very pointed yellow petals which angle sharply upwards.
a flower with orange and blue petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower has spiky orange petals standing upright out of a white receptacle.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are shiny and pointy.
this flower has petals that are orange and is very thin
a bird shaped flower with shiny orange petals that sprout out of it's pedicel.
this flower has very thick and very pointed petals in a bright yellow hue.

this flower has petals that are purple with a patch of red
sepals are greenred in color,outer petal is red in color nd the inner petal is purple in clor
what i love about this flower is how it transitions colors in its petals.
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has green mossy pedicel with bright purple petals as its main features
this flower has red and purple petals with tiny pointy receptacles around it.
this flower is purple and red in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are red and purple and folded apart
a red and purple color flower petals with green pedicel
the flower has small amount of petals that are bright pink and purple colored.

a flower with singular red petal and towering white pistil.
the leaves are bright green in color with a red colored one petal on flower
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
the flower petals has red diamond shaped look.
the petal of the flower is made of a thick waxy coating that is red in color.
this flower has a thick white stamen and a shiny red petal with pointed tip.
this flower is white and red in color, with one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has beautiful red petals and a tube like white pistil
this flower has a sharp red color and a white pistil.

this flower has thin drooping yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
yellow petals flay off of a thick green pedicel with brown to yellow stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals with brown patterns on them that droop outwards towards the ground.
a small flower with yellow petals and a large green sepal.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and curled.
this flower has yellow petals with patches of black and a hidden ovule.
this flower has a large closed sepal and yellow petals

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have pinks striped.
there are three blossoms from a single pedicel each with six pedals which are white to red, the stamen are long and curve upward at the ends.
this flower has wide pointed white petals with vertical purple stripes.
the petals of this star-shaped flower are white with red veins, arranged around white stamen.
this flower has a simple row of white petals with purple lines and having the stamens at the middle
this flower has petals that are pink white and has pink lines
this flower has distinctively long pink and white striped petals, and a long white stamen.
flowers with white petals and red lines in the petals and the pedicel are green
a flower with long and narrow petal with a point.
this flower has a thick, straight green stem with blossoms consisting of white petals that have many red stripes.

the petals on this flower are white and have a long white stem in the middle.
the pedicel is seen and a single white petal while the stamen and pistil are seen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this is a white flower with a yellow stem and white stamen.
this bell shaped flower has conjoined white petals with ruffles and pointed tips.
this flower has white attached petals and long white filaments.
this flower has a large white petal and long white stamens.
this flower has connected white petal and a long white stamen.
this flower has white bell shaped petals, with light brown stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma

this flower is unique because the outside of the petal is fuzzing with hair like structures.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the flower shown has a large purple circular petal that is furry on the top edge.
the flower shown has a bell shaped purple petal with spots of white
this flower has pink petals that have purple dots on them
these pink, bell shaped flowers have white and red spots inside them, and hang from their sepal on alternating sides.
this pink flower makes a tube shape with strange dotted patterns on the inside.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is pink and white in color, with spotted petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are long and oval shaped.
the pale green small sepals are alternate on a pink oval shaped petals that are closed
this flower has several long, upturned pink petals with slightly pointed edges.
this flower has a large pink petal and has no visible stamen on the outside
narrow white and pink petals standing up from the green sepal.
this flower has long and soft petals in varying shades of pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded up
this pink and white flower has pointed petals, green sepals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is large with overlapping pinkish petals on a long thin stem.

a flower with large white and pink petals with red tips and dark brown pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white-pinkish in color, which turn purple near the pistil.
this is a white flower with a dark pink tip and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with a spot of purple
this flower has light purple petals leading to a darker purple center.
this flower has a unique shape the petals are pink and dark pink
this white and purple flower has rounded petals a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
this delicate flower has several vertical white petals that come to a base of deep crimson.

the petals are a rich purple spotted with white and hangs downward.
the flower has drooping petals that are speckled in maroon and white with a green stalk.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has thick purple petals with white spots and a purple stem.
this drooping flower has several large petals in mottled shades of purple.
this flower has a downward facing blossom that has large purple petals with white spots on them.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots
this flower has down-turned petals whose colors are mottled hues of plum and purple.
this flower has dark purple petals with spots of white, the petals are curled inwards.
the flower has drooping purple pedals that fold together with a light to dark purple color.

this flower has large purple petals and a long white stamen on it
the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
a flower with purple petals and yellow pistils in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow steman
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
a flower with purple petals surrounding long yellow curly stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is made up of seven purple petals surrounding the yellow stamen.
this flower is lavender in color with yellow stamen in the center.

a larger sized flower that has six purplish petals
a large purple flower with wide petals and a yellow centered stamen.
the flower shown has yellow anther and filament and purple petals
the flower has wide, irregularly shaped edges and yellow stamen
the flower petals is purple with yellow in the middle of it
this flower has bright purple petals with slightly jagged edges in a wheel-like formation.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center and wide striated pink petals.
the petals on this flower are a soft, purple/pink color, and are broad, flat, and slightly jagged at the edges, with several prominent yellow stamen.
this flower has long purple petals and yellowish-green stamen.

this flower has five large, rounded pink petals which are veined and slightly ruffled at the edges.
the flower has peach colored petals with a green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have darker veins.
the flower has pink orange petals and finger like appendages coming from the petals toward the pistil.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
the flower has round peach colored petals with patches of dark red on them.
the flower has five round petals that are pinkish orange in color.
this flower has peach colored nearly round petals with darker veins and a yellow ovary.
this flower is like pink in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines

the flower are pink in color with folded petals that are needle like
this pale purple flower has a sparse array of 6 petals that are ruffled at the outer edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are skinny and wavy.
the flower shown has a purple and white petal with a green pedicel
these interesting pink flowers have long curved petals and stamen.
six thin pink petals are equally spaced around a cluster of long pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has a very long green pedicel and thin and long pink petals.
these flowers have thin soft pink petals with curled edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with long stigma
the flower stamen are larger and green in color with larger sized anthers
this flower has large green stamen with oversized anthers and pollen tube, and fringed purple hairlike petals, surrounded by longer white and purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals and stamen, green anther filaments and a green ovule.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower is white, purple, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are long and white with purple at the center and a fringe of white with large pistil.
this flower has white petals as well as a green stamen.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled at the ends.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the flower has dense red petals that are overlapped and jagged.
this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
se0pals are green in color,the flower is red in color
this flower has red petals that bunch up around the pistil.
this flower has beautiful red petals and a huge green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
this red flower has toothed petals and a green pedicel and sepals.
this flower has a thick white sepal and bright red petals with uneven edges.

this red flower has petals arranged as a circle with the clumsy stamens at the center
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has many petals that are red with red stamen.
the flower shown has green pedicel with small bright red petals
there are many red color petals arranged overlapped with one another,having so many stamens
this flower has a brown center and layers of long and thin red petals.
this bright red flower has pointed petals and a bright green pedicel.
this flower has red petals with layers and has purple stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
many overlapping narrow red petals surrounding a large pistil and anther.

the petals on this flower are peach fading to yellow.
this pale yellow flower has several layers of short petals with slightly tapered tips.
this flower has petals that overlap and can be either peach or yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
double layered multi petaled, pink, and yellow, flower.
this flower has a mound of peach-colored petals which are tapered and have yellow accents.
this flower has pale yellow petals that engulf the pistil in the center, the pedicel look withered and brown.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower can be made up of multiple rows of orangish yellow petals or yellow petals that wrap tighter closer to the pistil.

the bright petals are feathered and curve toward the center.
this flower has many small petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
this flower has hundreds of long thing yellow petals that curve inwards towards the style.
this flower has many little yellow petals surrounding the yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has layers of very thin, hair-like yellow petals and hairs.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple layers of long yellow petals.
the many long, thin, yellow petals of this flower are extended/flat around the outside and curled and more dense on the inside.

this unique flower has thick waxy red petals with bright yellow tips
the ovary of the flower is red and yellow in color and has a large green leaf.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a bunch of red and yellow petals with a green pedicel
the flower is purple and yellow. i cannot tell if those are petals are stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
the flower has several small yellow petals that are arranged in a pedicel.
a flower with a long and pointed leaf that is green.
this flower has dull red looking petals in a long tubular formation.

this flower is pink and white in color, with only one large petal.
the petal of the flower is red and has a thick white ovary with green leaves.
this flower has one large thick pink petal with a thick pistil in the center.
a pretty red flower has a leaf-shaped corolla and white thick tubular gynoecium.
this faded red flower has a long two-toned stigma and just two petals.
this flower has a single large red petal and a white colored pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has white style
one pink color petal in heart shape and one stigma in center with white in the bottom and yellow in the tip.
this flower has a single thick white pistil and a red petal.

five large petals blooming from a vase like base, with red highlighted edges around white centers
a flower with pink petals, pink stigma and pink filaments.
the petals on this flower are pink in color and five in number.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
the flowers are red with light pink insides and green sepals.
this flower has five wide petals of bright pink with ruffled fuchsia edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink around the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
the flower has oval petals that are bright red, pink, and white.
this slightly trumpet shaped, five petal flower has bright red along the edges of the petals, graduating to a lighter shade of pink towards the center.

this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by layers of pointed long yellow petals.
the petals on this flower are yellow with dark stamen.
this flower has brown pistil and yellow petals as its main features
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with brown stamen
this flower has a wide center and long tapered yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a orange stamen.
a large yellow flower with many long pointed petals and a large ovule covered in many dark yellow and brown stamen.
this flower has many yellow medium sized petals around its very large center that appears to have many very small stamens.
this flower has yellow petals with layers and brown stamen

this is a strange flower with pink petals and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stamen
this flower is has a pink and white color on its petals and white stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a tiny white central blossom surrounded by hot pink triangular petals with pointed tops and leaflike veins.
these flowers have rigid petals that are white on the outside and pink on the inside.
a pistil and purple petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
this flower has large pink and white petals with a large white stigma.
the petals are bright pink with some white and the pistil is very long.

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower has overlapping pink petals that are curled at the end.
this flower has green sepal, green pedicel, and pink petals and yellow petals.
a pink and orange flower with rolled up petals and a green pediciel.
the petals are curled and are pink and yellow in color with green sepals.
the petals of this flower are pink and peach and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
a flower with long and wide petals that curl outwards.
this flower has a small and spiky green sepal with petals that are pink, white, and orange.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading

a flower with white petals and yellow pistils and anther filaments.
this flower has a shower head shaped piston with white leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the soft white petals arranged in a circular fashion in this flower frame and highlight the prominent bright yellow stamen and pistil.
the petals are white and pointy with a bright yellow pistil and some thin stamen in the center.
this white flower has a cone shaped ovary and style with many small stamen stemming from it.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and pointed white petals.
this flower has a wide and prominent pistil, thin yellow stamen, and smooth oblong white petals.
this flower has a very thick yellow pollen tube located in the center of a white petal.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has green pistil and smooth purple petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen and purple center
this flower has white and pink petals with a dark purple center and yellow and green pistil.
this flower is pink, white, and red in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has a dark pink ovary with five orange stamen surrounded by a cup formation of light pink petals.
the pink flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged spirally around the stamen forming bowl like shape
this flower has petals that are pink and has red at the center
the pink petals are white and ruffled at the edges and surround stamen with orange anther.

the flower has four pink petals and a striped pattern on each petal.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this bright flower has three large pointed striped pink petals, and one rounded.
this flower has large pink petals with some spots of yellow
this flower has four large rounded petals of bright pink with striated lines of darker pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has four wide and very rounded pink petals with delicate designs.
pink flower with white stripes and a red petal in the middle.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple with white spots.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

long, thin, protruding pistil of powder purple color with matching wrinkled petals .
a flower with skinny white petals and long pistils with white anther filaments.
this flower has numerous long, very thin white petals which protrude in multiple directions.
this white flower has long, crinkled pedals that surround a pale green pistil.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and skinny.
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is green
a large with white flower that have wavy pedals with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are white and is very thin
this flower has thin and long rolled pale pink petals which protrude in all directions.
this flower has many narrow, white petals and a long white stamen.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are curled and oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are red with many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the red flower with petals that are soft and separately arranged in single layer of disc around yellow stamens
this flower has red petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this is a large red flower, with long thin petals, and numerous small stamen.
this flower has red petals and has many yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange.

the flower has pink and red flowers with a white anther in the center
a flower with ragged pink individual petals and a cluster of white andred large stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the edges.
the simple ray of florets have large open that are pink in color with few stamens that hav large white anthers
the petals of this flower are light pink with jagged edges.
who is pink with yellow in the middle
the pink flowers have jagged edges and the stamen have white and brown colored anther.
this flower has bright pink petals with jagged edges along the top.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has many pink tipped jagged flower that surround the longer pink stamen.

the flower has petals that are round like a cup and blue.
this flower has a large cluster of downward pointing tight ball like blue petals with white tips.
this flower has petals that are purple and closed together
a blueberry-like shaped flower with a bunch of individual flowers on a dull stem.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has blue petals that are closed together in a bulb
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower is covered with multiple blue bell petals stemming from a thick pedicel.
this flower has vertical layers of tiny bell-shaped blue flowers.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this white flower with a long pedicel has about four white papery petals and a lot of stamen in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled
this flower has the white color petals arranged in a simple row with the prominent yellow clumsy stamens at the center
there's a golden yellow flower surrounded by thin, wrinkled white petals, some slightly overlapping.
this white petaled flower with a yellow center containing many filaments.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has small flat white petals around a round yellow and orange pistil
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a beautiful flower with white petals and a yellow stamen

a flower with very many narrow petals that are yellow in the center and light orange at the edge.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has yellow and peach petals with yellow anther and filament
the flower has greenl leafs with pale yellow petals that are closely arranged with yellow colored stamen
this flower has several layers of slightly tapered petals in shades of peach and yellow.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white and light red.
this flower has a bunch of small pale pink petals that are very close together along with a few yellow petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has pink and yellow petals that have many layers
this flower has layers of tapered peach colored petals with a pale yellow center.

this pinkish-petaled flower features similar, but dark-colored stamen.
with the exception of its pink leaves, this flower is pink all over, including its pistil and stamen with a scatter of darker pink spots on some of the leaves.
this flower is bright pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has pretty pale pink petals with one or two having a darker pink design on them.
this five petal flower has rounded edges and they are in a bright pink, on half the petals are dotted with a red pattern.
this flower has pale pink petals with some having deeper pink spots on them
the flower is light pink on the outside and darker pink on the inside and it has five petals.
a small flower with light pink petals, speckled pink towards the pistils; which are also pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots on them
this flower has green sepals and bright pink petals with brown spots.

this is a small flower with white and pink petals.
a cluster of pink and white petals accompanied by white pistils.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with pink lines
the flowers have rounded petals that are white in color and coveerd with apink color stripes
this flower has four or five white petals with pink bases near the pollen tube.
these flowers have white and pink petals on a green bush.
{}
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
a large group of small white and purple flowers and a green center.

the warm coral heart shaped petals are drawn to eachother.
this flower has a lot of red petals with white stamen in the middle
this flower has a cluster of peach colored flowers. the petals are rounded on the edges with smaller rounded petals in the middles.
the flower has petals that are red with red filaments.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are red colored and round shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has small wheel-like blossoms that have rounded pink petals.
the coral colored petals have light veins and the stamen are small and coral colored.
the petals of the flower are arranged in a clump and are red in color.

the flower shown has several white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals in the shape of a circle and are white
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
petals are rounded in shape and white in color with yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this bright white flower has large petals, with vertical ridges pointed towards a cluster of many yellow anthers and a single green pistil.
this flower has a round yellow center and very ruffled, soft white petals.
this flower has a bulbous green receptacle that opens up into a white flower with crinkled petals and a yellow center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
these beautiful flowers has yellow and white petals
this flower has petals that are yellow with white at the edges
this flower has five rounded, very smooth petals whose white color graduates to a vivid yellow.
these yellow and white flowers have large petals which overlap each other and are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals that turn to a bright yellow at the base.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
a flower with simple row of five yellow and white petals.
the flowers have large petals which are yellow on the indside and white toward the edges.
this flower has a spiraling configuration of smooth oblong petals that are white and yellow in color.

this flower is orange and yellow with tiny stamen in the center.
the flower has petals that are light yellow on the outer part and dark yellow on the inside.
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are darker in some areas.
the pedicel and the sepals are no seen but the petals are yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this pale yellow/orange flower features varigated yellow petals on a yellow stigma.
this flower has small, heart-shaped orange petals with yellow edges.
this flower has orange and yellow petals and small stamen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.

a cluster of tubular flowers extend downward forming a spike, each flower is white with purple tips.
the flowers are alternatly aranged with white colore ptals withb an outer space colored purple
this flowerbis bell shaped and has white petals with curled purple tips.
the flower has white and purple petals with white filament and purple anther
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the white and purple petals surround a green stigma circled by stamen of white filaments topped by brown anthers.
these flowers have white petals trimmed in purple layered on a green vine.
the petals are white with dark purple edges and form a vase shape around purple and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
the majority of the petals are white with violet edges surrounding stamen that have white filaments and dark green anthers.

this is a large flower that has long purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are a lighter purple color and the stem and leaves are green.
the flower has thin purple petals that are dense and long.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
this flower has light purple oblong petals arranged in a ring configuration.
the flower has yellow stamen and purple oval shaped petals.
the flower ha small pointy purple petals along with yellow anther in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the petals are white with a yellow pistol in the middle.
the petals are separated and forming a bow tie shape and also the flower is mostly white with hint of yellow in its middle
this is a white flower with big round petals and a yellow center
the wide white flowers are delicate and mostly cover the stamen.
five large heart-shaped white petals in a half-moon shape surround a light to dark yellow colored ovule containing dark red ovaries.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow shading
this flower has large and very wide white petals with a bright yellow mouth.
this flower has smooth white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white wrinkled petals and brown small anthers.
the petals of this flower are white, the pistil is yellow and the pedicel is green

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the flower is white in the middle with pink frayed edges.
the petals on this flower are pink on the fringe with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges and white stamen.
the flower shown has peach and white petals with a white pistil
this flower has white long petals with a bright pink outsides.
this long stem has many flowers with ruffled coral and white petals
this flower has wide white petals with pale yellow centers and ruffled pink edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has floppy pink petals in the formation of a star with light pink stamen.

this small white flower has a big cluster of green stamens in the center.
this flower has numerous yellow stamen and large, rounded white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cup.
fleshy white petals with tubular green appendages surround numerous yellow stamen whit white stigma at the center.
these round, white flower petals have bright yellow stamen inside of them.
a white flower has yellow filament and anther and the green pedicel and the bottom of petals are white
this flower has pure white petals with a large amount of yellow stamen in the middle
a large flower, with large white petals, and a very large pistil.
a flower with large, wide petals that are white and yellow pistils in the middle.
this flower has overlapping petals of white which are wide and rounded.

the flower has petals that are overlapping and flat with yellow stamen.
this flower has eight lilac colored petals surrounding brown and yellow stamen.
this pale purple flower has a beautiful yellow center with petals that are large.
this flower has wispy petals that are lilac in color, and a deep yellow cluster of stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has ripply pale purple petals and yellow and brown stamen.
this flower has light lavender petals with a yellow and brown dotted pistil.
this flower is characterized by is pale purple petals, and its yellow brown pistil at the center.
this flower has light pink oblong petals with a wrinkled texture.

a small white flower with a yellow stigma and green pedical.
this tubular flower has one curved white petal and a thick yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has one single large petal.
this white flower has two large petals and a large anther.
this white flower is shaped in a teardrop, with a thin bit of petal curling off the top tip, and a yellow pod of pollen in the middle, where the flower goes down like a vase.
this flower has a thick long yellow stamen surrounded by a curved white petal with a pointed tip.
this flower has two simple white petals with a pronounced yellow pistil.
this white flower has rounded petals, a yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
white color peculiar tube shaped flower with yellow fused center part of androecium an gynoecium
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
a white star shaped flower with white petals and tiny yellow anther.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this white flower is characterized by its white petals and its pale yellow pistil at the center.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and large, smooth white petals.
this flower has seven long oval petals that are white radiating around long filaments and stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this unusual flower has red spiky petals with a spiky stamen that is slightly purple and brown.
this flower has many very thin, red petals surrounding a cluster of tube-shaped stamen and pistil.
the strange looking flower is red and almost looks like a crab.
the flower is tropical with red tubular petals and sepals that are green in color.
this unique flower features vibrant red and darker colors through its petals and center.
the flower has several coral colored, tube shaped petals with pink stamen erupting from them.
this flower has long and very thin, curled red petals protruding in all directions.
this flower has red petals that are tubular.
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
this flower has sparse petals that are long, spiky, and red.

column of pale pink flowers stacked atop each other with curled petals.
these flowers have pink petals and a green pedicel and sepal.
this flower has a large pink petal and a green stigma
two colums of pale pink and yellow petals surround three green sigmas along a single stem.
this flower is light pink in color, with petals that are wavy in shape.
this flower has multiple blooms, each having two up-facing upper petals and two curved lower petals that change from yellow on the inside to pink on the outside.
this flower has several distinct purple petals with a yellow interior.
this flower is pink and white in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has small thin pink petals which grow vertically along the stem.
this flower has pink petals that have patches of yellow

this flower has petals that are pink wiht green flowery stigma
this flower has green pedicel with purple petals as its main features
this is a strange flower with pink petals and white stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with green stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large purple petals on the other layer and short, light green petals with purple tips inside.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long flat light purple petals and bright purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has pink petals along with a green pedicel.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of stamens
pedicel is green in color,petals are oval in shape and are pink in color
this flower has petals that are pink with black stammen
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen
this flower has a dense amount of thin pink petals and a dark center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a couple of rows of small bright pink petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has a large white petal and a yellow stigma
the flowers has a single white petal with a yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has a single flower bloom that is white in color and has a yellow stigma in the center.
the flower has a large rpunded withe colored petal with one large stigma
the delicate white flower has a bright yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
the petal on this flower is white, the pistil is golden yellow and the pedicel is green
this white flower is shaped like an upside down bell and has a thick yellow pollen tube in its center.
this flower has a singular white curved petal, orange stamen, and a yellow and green receptacle.

a flower with ruffled purple petals and a central cluster of white long stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this large purple flower has thin wispy yellow stamen and willowy petals.
this large fuchsia flower has a whorl of six petals surrounding a center of contrasting yellow anthers and produced on a reddish vine with small, delicate green leaves.
this dark pink flower has large, evenly spaced, slightly cupped petals and many light yellow stamen in the center.
this palm sized magenta flower has 6 petal and a cluster of pale yellow stamens in the center which obscure the pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has six purple petals with long, white stamen extending from the stem.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has a short clump of thin white stamen at its center surrounded by six oblong dark pink petals.

the flower has several pink colored petals with a lighter shade towards the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled back.
this pink colour flower with four lenghty petal around the pistils with the anther at the tip
a flower with purple petals and long lavender pistils in the center.
the flower is long and thin, with pink filaments holding anthers.
the flower has light pink petals, and filaments, with darker pink anthers.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin curved petals in shades of pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long pink petals and thin pink stamen extend straight out of the flower.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this is a flower with ruffled orange petals on it.
the petals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are orange with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and folded together
this flower has layers of wide pale orange petals with smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower has creamy orange petals that are curled around the center.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has light orange petals and a earth red toned pedicel

this flower has petals that are overlapping and yellow, with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this small flower has overlapping petals which are bright yellow with rounded edges.
this is a small flower with bright yellow round petals.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
the yellow petals open wide with the pistil a beige color and a large stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow center
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower shown has several layers of orange petals, and a yellow center.
the petals on this flower are orange with no visible stamen.
the flower displays many oval shaped bright orange petals with yellow small stamen and stigma.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the inner ring of petals are a brugt orange stemming out from a distinctly orange pistol, then followed by yet another ring of bright orange orange petals.
a deep orange flower with many small pedals attached to it.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with skinny oval shaped petals.
this flower has layers of long orange petals with rounded tips.

the flower with a single petal which is purple has a white stamen.
the flower shown has blue and purple petals and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are blue with white stamen
the petals on this flower are all connected to form a star shape pattern which have a rich blue color and streaks of purple leading to a white center.
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are light in the center.
an indigo flower with a dark purple star shape at it's center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are large and blue colored with purple lines running alongside.
this flower has a large funnel-shaped petal that is very bright blue with purple stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are white near the ovule.
the petals of the blue flower are joint and protect the white stigma.
the flower has petals that are pale blue with white stigma.
the flower is blue with its petal fused as one and also the flower has stamen sticking out from the centre
this flower is trumpet shaped and has blue petals with a whitish middle.
a flower with long and blue petals that curl outward.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is bright blue with a white ovary.
this blue and white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a satellite shape
this flower has large light blue petals with a white pistil.

this is a flower with petals that are orange and yellow.
the flower has orange petals with a long orange pollen tube.
this flower is yellow and light pink in color, with petals that are wavy at the edges.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower has overlapping large petals which are bright orange with ruffled edges.
overlapping orange-yellow petals open to reveal an orange pistol and a small cluster of stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow
this flower has wide overlapping orange petals with ruffled edges and pale yellow centers.
this flower has a straight pistil surrounded by overlapping wavy orange petals with a bit of yellow shading.
this flower has peach colored pedals and a peach colored filament.

this unique flower houses blue petals and a pinkish covering its base.
these floppy blue flowers have long droopy petals.
this unique flower has pink, yellow, lavender and white petals.
the flower is purple while the ovary of the flower is red.
very distinctive stamen that is pink with petals coming out that are purple.
this flower has a vertical pink chevron holding thin purple petals.
this flower is pink and blue in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this flower has lavender petals protruding from petals of pink and green.
this flower has a very large bright pink sepals and petals that are light blue in color.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has purple petals around orange stamen and a white pistil.
this flower has yellow pistil with purple petals as its main features
the flower has large violet petals that are light colored.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has wide petals that are light purple in color and arranged in an overlapping formation.
this flower has purple petals that overlap and has small stamen
this flower is small in size, with purple colored pedals, and a small pollen tube.
the light purple flowers with green leaves have a yellow center.
this lavendar petal flower has a yellow center and very delicate petals.

this flower has petals that are shaped like tubes and dark purple.
a flower that is bell shaped that has dark purple petals
the stalk of the flower is green with blooms that are dark purple in color.
this flower is shaped like a wide bell with five slightly curled purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
a flower that is bright purple and has green stems.
this flower has small purple, smooth, bell shaped petals with a yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has purple petals that form into a bell shape
these flowers are made of deep purple, trumpet shaped petals; there is no visible stamen.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
yellow petals and stamen on green pedicels
this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
a flower with broad yellow and black striped petals, green sepals, and green pedicel
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are drooping and wavy.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has a trio of wavy bright yellow petals with rounded tips with a set of smaller wrinkled petals at the center.
this bright yellow flower has three main outer petals and its leaves are tall, thin, and have smooth edges.
this flower consist of three larger yellow pedals surrounding a yellow stamen and stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines

this is a flower that has round dark red petals on it.
a red flower with curled round petals and red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with red colored stamen.
the flower shown has small red petals with red pistil in the center
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and has a short stigma
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
all parts of this flower are the same shade of red except for the green leaves beneath.
the small flowers have both red petals and red pistils.
these flowers are bright red in color with a red stamen and green leaves from the base.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals on this flower are pink with brown and white dots.
flowers are alternately aranged,they are light purple in color
this is a small flower with pink and white petals and green leaves.
this flower has a wide pink trumpet shape and a rounded mouth.
this flower has multiple bell shaped light pink petals with darker pink spots outlined in white with small green petals.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has lots of lacy, pink bell shaped blooms.

this interesting flower has many purple stamen and thick, firm petals.
the flower shown has many small and lavender colored stamens.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are green with long stringy stamen
the petals on this flower are purple and are very thin and sticking up
this flower has petals that are green and has pink stamen
this flower has thin purple stigma and green wedge shaped petals.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has many thick green petals surrounding many purple stamen.
thick purple stamen with short green petals with the tips light purple

this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this tube shaped trumpet like flower has conjoined petals in shades of ivory blending into pale pink.
the petals on this flower are pink with brown and white dots.
this flower has pink to yellow petals with spots inside the petals.
the flowers are upside down and are spotted from the inside.
this plant has many trumpet shaped flowers grouped together with spotted pink petals.
a flower with connected petals that are light pink with brown speckles.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has purple and yellow petals with purple spots.
this flower has soft pink and white petals facing downwards with brown speckled spots inside.

this pale yellow flower has yellow stamen on the inside of it.
flower with white petals and yellow stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has five large rounded white petals with slightly pointed tips.
soft white petals form a large cup while the yellow stamens give a star effect
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin.
this flower has small yellow stamen surrounded by upturned wide white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a bowl shaped flower with cupped white petals and yellow stamen.
the pistil is of bilateral symmetry the petals are white and large, there is yellow stamen at the base of the petals.
this flower has large white petals that are slightly overlapped and a group of yellow filaments.

this flower has numerous pink petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled at the edges
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has pink fluffy petals with a white color scheme leading outwards.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has many petals layered around a stem that are pink and white.
the pedicel of the flower is green, with clusters of light pink petals growing up around it and folding in on themselves.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the flower has soft pink petals that have wavy edges.

a white flower with petals that are soft, smooth, separated and surround the stamen in many layers
this flower has oval shaped white petals that face upwards, with long yellow stamen coming out of the receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white and bunched together
thick thalamus with layered white petals and yellowish filaments and green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a couple of white flowers with long pedals and a golden center.
this flower is white, yellow, and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by pointed, upturned white petals.

this flower has one large white petal with green filament tipped with white anther.
this flower has large white attache petals with green stamen coming out of the ovule with white anthers.
this trumpet shaped flower is a very bright white and surrounds a center that features a few greenish filaments topped with bright white anthem.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has one big petal and a fully visible ovary.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
the flower is round in shape and has white petals
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has one large white petal with five points and anther in the center.

this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has bright white petals and a dull yellow stamen.
this flower has dark red stems surrounding soft and pale pink petals.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant whit, with a bright pink stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
the petals on this flower are white and burgundy and the pedicel is green and burgundy
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with long style
a dark purple flower with pointed petals and large purple pollen tubes.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have thick stigmas in the center.
a purple flower with very large pedals and a long stigma.
this flower has bright pink leaves with veins and pointed edges surrounding thick stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big style
this flower has purple, tear drop shaped petals and a dark purple pistil.
this flower has large bright purple sepals with prominent veins.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the petals of this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
the petals of the flower are layered and are pink in color.
orange and pink flower with wide smooth petals with water drops resting on them.
this flower has layers of light pink petals that curve overlap one another.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
this flower has many layers of smooth pink petals that are tightly wrapped around each other.
this flower is orange and pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.

this flower is in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red with many layer
the flower shown has small red petals which are its main feature
the petals are in a cluster. they have an orange appearance. the sepal is a dark green with a black bands.
a small group of red flowers; looks like more than one flower on the stem; the petals are red.
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has small red petals and long red stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
a red flower with many petals hanging from it's pedicel with black anthers filament.
this flower is characterized by its dark red petals, as well as its red pistil at the center.

this trumpet shapes flower has conjoined petals in a bright indigo shade.
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white center
this flower is trumpet shaped with a blue and purple color scheme on its petals.
the petals on this flower are purple with a white center.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this purple flower has violet petals that are light purple at the center.
a flower with wide petals that are blue and curl outwards.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant blue color, with the base of the petal a vibrant pink.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white center

this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long yellow petals with central red stripes.
a flower with red and yellow petals and yellow anther filaments in the center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a radiant bright yellow flower with a hint of red pin strips on each peddle.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a long stigma
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a single row of yellow and red petals in a ring configuration.
this flower is surrounded by many long, yellow petals with rounded tips and red stripes in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this yellow flower has red in the middle of each petal and the stamen are yellow

the flower has large petals that are bright pink and yellow stamen.
the petals are bright pink while the stamen is green and stigma is yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and green stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
petals are larger in size and broader,they are light pink in color
this flower has large pink leaves with veins and pointed tips.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
these bright pink flowers' petals look just like its leaves, and come in a wide range of sizes.
this flower has a great many pink petals in a number of different layers and sizes.

this flower has spiky blue petals and a spiky black stigma on it
this flower remind me of frost. although this plant couldn't possibly grow in the winter, the petals are like large rows of frost.
the flower has jagged pointed purple petals and a cylinder shaped stigma.
this flower is black and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower has spiky purple petals that are long, thin and sharp.
this flower has petals that are purple and very spiky
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals pointed and sharp.
a flower with hard and spikey petals that are white.
this flower consist of a large number of very pokey looking purple pedals.
this flower has many long spiky petals around the base.

this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends
the petals are triangle shape, with a bright yellow coloring on the outside and a deep orange red coloration in the middle.
yellow long petals with deep orange centers in a single layer fringe with a corona of deep brown markings near the central pod of stamen which are crowded.
the flower is made of petals that are yellow with a red stripe and the center is yellow with a yellow cluster in the center.
this flower is surrounded by yellow petals with a single red stripe down the middle of each one.
this flower has a yellow center and long yellow petals with red center stripes.
this flower has long thin oval shaped petals with a straight red line through the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the bloom of the flower is in a starburst shape and is bright yellow in color.
the petals of the flower are half yellow and half orange in color.

this flower has many long, narrow, pointy yellow petals around a center of many brown stamen.
the large flower is made of yellow petals with a brown center.
the flower shown has yellow petals surrounding red anther and filament
a yellow flower with a lot of petal and a big center ovary that has a hint of orange color
the petals are a yellowish hue and the stamen are very numerous.
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is long and green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has a wide brownish center and layers of thin yellow petals.
very large center and yellow orange stigma with short yellow petals
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tip.

this flower loves water and has large rounded leaves and a double pink flower on long pedicels.
the petals are white with tints of pink near the middle. the stamen is yellow.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink wiht yellow stamen
this flower has oblong pink petals with white accents and the stamen is yellow.
the petals go from a soft pale pink around the edges to a darker pink in the center, it has many yellow anthers.
this flower has pink petals that lay over one another and is surrounded by sturdy sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower has rows of fingernail shaped petals, a dark pink on the inside leading to a pale pink outside.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by long red petals.
the flower has bright red petals that are elongated and oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and red with yellow anthers.
a flower with medium-sized red petals and clustered orange and crimson stamen.
this flower has a couple of layers of red oblong petals in a ring formation.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
the petals are red and are slightly curled on the edges and surround a cluster of yellow and brown stamens.
this flower has a darker center and layers of bright red petals.

this flower has prominent green and purple stamen and pollen tube, surrounded by two layers of thin purple and wide white petals.
the flower has green sepal with green anther and purple filament
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has light petals and purple, white and burgundy as its main feature.
this flower has large yellow petals and long and blue stamen in the middle
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has beautiful purple and black petals and the pistil is green
this unique flower has a lower row of white petals and an upper row of long, thin purple petals.
this flower has a open row of green petals under a row of lavender white and maroon needle shaped petals.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and pointed at the tips.
the flower shown has dark green pistil with yellow petals
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a dark brown center.
this flower has a very spiked, thick center and thin tapered yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green stamen.
the yellow petals surround a large cluster of brownish green stamens.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen

the leaves are large and greeen in color with the yellow starshaped petals
the flower has small overlapping bright yellow petals with gold centers.
these heart shaped flowers are yellow with a orange center.
this is a flower with bright yellow petals, surrounding an orange interior.
this beautiful yellow flower has heart shaped petals and the inner trumpet is orangish, the ovule is back to yellow.
this flower has small yellow petals that overlap in a wheel arrangement.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has a green sepal and pedicel as well as yellow and orange petals.
this flower has slightly overlapping yellow petals which are heart-shaped with orange centers.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are heart shaped and orange near the center.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
this flower has a light pink petal and it curves upwards towards the middle
the flower shown has red petals with a green pedicel
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and have a green sepal.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
a flower with long and wide petals that are light pink.
this flower has large peach petals and a sage green pedicel.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has petals that are whit with patches of yellow
this flower has petals that are white with a pale yellow petal.
this white flower has curled white petals that overlap in the center with a slight green overcast.
white rumpled petals that are short and broad with a flat end, and yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are white and are ruffled at the edges
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has wide, rounded white petals which are soft and very smooth.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

the yellow flower is big and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape around stamens
the petals are broader and oval in shape,they are yellow and maroon incolor
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with orange down the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stripes
this flower has layers of wide tapered yellow petals with orange stripes in the center.
a flat flower with many leaf like yellow and red petals surrounding a large yellow and red ovule.
this flower has two rows of dark orange petals with a yellow border and a prominent yellow pistil.

this is a flower with light purple upward facing petals.
the petals of the flower are purple i color and are attached to wooden stems.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower is characterized by a crown of purple petals layered upon each other.
this flower has petals that are upright and pink with green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has pink oval petals that stand upright instead of laying flat around the center.
bright pinkish purple flower with long oval shaped petals and no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards

purple and white petals with green on the bottom with a white middle and green leaves
this flower has large pink petals and a large white stamen in the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink at the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a pink and purple flower that has a mass of tiny yellow anther and filament.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this pink white and green flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has a short clump of white filaments in the center of a cupped group of pink petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.

this smaller flower of four orange petals with tiny red stripes has a small cluster of yellow stamen at it's core.
this small flower has several smooth orange petals with round edges.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
this flower has ruffled orange petals which are veined like leaves.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has four orange petals and a tan pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of red
the white stamen on this flower are surrounded by dull yellow petals.
the white stamen on this flower are surrounded by dull yellow petals.

the pretty flower has lot of thin red petals that make it look like some kind of crap.
the flower of the plant have red petals and a thick green pedicel.
this flower is very exotic looking with unique red petals.
there are two big red flowers with a bunch of leaves in the background.
this flower has spiky looking red petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and have pointy tips
this flower has spiky red petals that form a dome-like shape and green sepals.
a red and purple flower with thing red petals that cover it's ovary.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.

this is a flower that has purple anthers and long white petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged facing the ground below the stamens that are blue
this flower has ivory petals, green stigma, and purple anther and filament.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower has a large green pistil along with many thin blue filaments and white petals.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has purple stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has a prominent green stigma that is in the center of long purple filaments that are darker purple in color towards the bottom, then white, then lighter purple.

this red and white veined flower has tiny yellow anther.
the flower is shaped like a rose petal, with overlapping petals and sets of filaments in the middle, hanging down from the receptacle.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled over the ovule.
the flower has petals that are over lapping each other that are pink and white color.
this flower has pink closed petals with yellow stamen in the center sitting in a green sepal.
a delicate pink and white bud with overlapping pink and white petals and a cluster of yellowish pink stamen.
this flower has white and pink anther filaments, pink and white veined petals and a green receptacle.
a cluster of stamen are surrounded by pink petals with prominent darker pink veins.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thick and have veins.

the petals on this flower are purple with green stamen.
the flower shown has several layers of blue petals with white in the center.
the petals are two toned with medium blue coloring on the outer edges and white at their centers while the stamen and stigma are dark green.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow shading
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has has multiple layers of blue petals with pointed tips and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are both white and blue with a large green pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center
these petals are blue fading and fade into white in the center and have dark green stamens.

a flower with three flat purple petals which are yellow at the center.
this flower has five very round petals in varying hues of deep purple.
this flower is purple, and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow center
this flower has round purple petals that overlap and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this flower has petals of deep purple veined with black and a bright yellow center.
this purple and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this trumpet shaped, deep violet flower resembles the outline of an angel, with two top wings and two lower ones making up the skirt, with a cheerful yellow center and two slightly fuchsia colored, large petals tucked under the original four petals, situated at the top of the trumpet.

the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
the colo of the petal is white no stamen can be seen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the white flower has large and toothed petals and the leaves are small and green.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has a star shape with ruffled edges and green veins.
this white and light yellow flower has the petals opening up like a cone the pistil being mainly whitish.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color green.

this bright red flower, has one stamen sticking up i'm the middle.
the flower has a red waxy leaf with a yellow pistil and a pointed red end.
this large blossom has one shiny large red petal, wide with a pointed tip, and a protruding white pollen tube tipped with yellow.
this flower is shiny red in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has one very large glossy red petal and a fat protruding stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big white style
this flower is red in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
this flower has bright red petals and a long white pistil.
the white and yellow pistil rises prominently above a glossy red petal.
this single petal bright red flower has a glossy appearance and a thick white pistil.

this flower has a lot of small yellow petals with a group of yellow anthers in the middle
the vibrant feathered petals lead to the yellow rounded stigma.
the petals of the flower are thin and are yellow in color with a yellow center.
the flower has yellow petals with yellow anther and filament in the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has long, yellow petals coming from a pistil that had several small, yellow buds on it.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a yellow-orange ovule and yellow and brown petals surrounding it, with grass like leaves.
this flower has a ring of lots of bright yellow petals that are long and very skinny.

this flower has bright yellow petals that are curved both upward and downward.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has a fluffy cloud shape with yellow petals and green leaves.
this flower has lime green petals that take on a ballooning shape and a dark green pedicel.
this yellow flower is shaped like a balloon and has a white tint to it in the sunlight.
this flower has very smooth, rounded blossoms of pale yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals that has edges folded inwards
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow steman
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has white and purple petals as its main feature
this flower has white petals with pink on the edges of them
the stem holds several individual flowers with their own stigma and stamen.
a pedicel with a assortment of pink yellow and white pedals climbing up.
the long stemmed flower has white and pink tipped petals.
this flower has multicolored petals that are varying shades of pink, yellow, and white.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white and yellow shading
this flower has large pink and white petals and white stamens.

this flower has petals that are white with pink edges.
the flower is pink and yellow in color and have edges that curl in shape.
this flower had large, soft rounded petals that are faded yellow and white, except along the edges, where it is a soft purple.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
the color of the petals of this flower have purple on the edges and white with yellow in the middle
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
large, round white petals with pink edges, white filaments and purple anthers.
white petals with purple edging surround white filaments with a dark purple anther.
this particular flower has petals that are white, yellow, and purple

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
flower has petals that are bright pink with a pink pedicel.
the flower shown has bright pink petals with white pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the flower is dark pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged and supported by pedicel
the flower has four bright, highlighter pink petals arranged asymmetrically.
this flower is pink in color, with thin and wavy petals.
the bright pink petals twist upward from a thick stalk.
this flower has red petals that are folded upwards with the exception of one
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

the flower hs five petals and it has two colors white and yellow.
the flower shown has smooth yellow and white petals which is its dominant feature
a flower with twisted white and yellow petals and no visible stamen or anther
the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with yellow and white petals that are more yellow at their center.
this flower has oblong white and yellow petals with a smooth texture.
this flower is made up of five white petals with yellow highlights that make up a star shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink near the ovary.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this is a flat flower with white petals,yellow stigma and purple on the inside.
this is a round flower that has white petals with dark purple toward the center.
this flower has petals that are white with purple at the center and a flowery stigma
flower with 5 small, very white petals each having short purple lines at origin, several short white stamen with white anthers at center.
this flower has a large funnel-like shaped petal that is smooth and white with a purple ovary.
a flower with large white interconnected petals surrounding light green stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are purple near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center

the petals of the flower are yellow while the anthers are white and the pistil is red.
this flower has a mustardy-yellow set of petals and a red-orange inside.
the flower has yellow petals and white pollen tubes in the middle
this light plant has several light yellow flowers sprouting from it, each with four petals and very small stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color with small stamen that are white.
this flower has four small and very round orange petals with tiny red veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange spots
the petals of this flower are golden yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower features soft yellow petals with hints of red at their tips and very short stamen at it's center.
this flower has tiny white stamen surrounded by four rounded yellow overlapping petals.

this flower has hundreds of very thin, fringed yellow petals which protrude in numerous directions.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy with yellow steman
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
the flower has many tiny yellow flowers with strap like petals and many elongated stamen.
this flower has many thin long petals of bright yellow surrounding same shaped petals of an orange-yellow.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
the petals of this flower are yellow and tube like and the pedicel is green

a bird shaped flower with long yellow and purple flower petals.
this flower has tall and spiky yellow petals with no visible outer stamen
this bird-like flower has bright orange petals with a blue and brown pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and pointy at the end
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has tall pointed yellow petals arranged in an upright position.
the flower has ova yellow, and pink petals that come to a point.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a red and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very thin

the pale white flowerhas an outer row of white pink petaks with white colored stamen and pistils
this flower has a lot of pink petals with a lot of pink stamen
several scalloped pink tipped white petals with a green sepal and pedicel.
the flower shown has white petals with purple anther and a green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has long pink and white petals with long styles.
the pointed petals are white and pink and the stamens are green and pink.
the petals on this flower are white and they have pink tips on them
these flowers have ghostly white petals that are pointed and have light purple edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma

these flowers have large pink petals with brown pedicels underneath.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upward
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has dark purple pedicel with light pink petals
this flower is pink with pink pedals pointing upwards and purple pedicel.
this flower has large pink petals that turn dark pink towards the center.
{}
this flower has red stems and ovaries with lighter pink petals arranged in an upright fashion.
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple pedicel.
the long pink flower has petals that stick straight up in the air.

a flower with four pale orange petals with dark orange veins.
dark yellow petals, veined with orange-red, surround a cluster of white stamens in one layer with many gaps.
these two bright orange flowers with red veins have a white center.
a flower with ribbed orange petals and clustered white stamen
this beauty has orange petals that seem to have holes in them with very small brown stamen.
this flower has small rounded orange petals which have delicate red veins.
this flower has large orange petals in sets of 3 or 4.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has rounded bright orange petals with visible veins arranged around short white stamen.

this flower has white petals with pink dots on them and also has long pink stamen.
this flower has white petals, the inner sections of the top of which have purple speckling, and long pink pistels.
this flower has petals that are white with pink dots
the petals on this flower are white colored with spots of purple
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
five round shaped petals that are white on the edges fading into pale pink with two of the petals having bright pink spots towards the center and the five to seven stamens are shooting out of the center, tall and pink.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with purple speckles.
this flower has five large white petals with fuchsia accents and thin pink stamen.

this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by several layers of pointed, upturned petals.
this flower has many pointed, creamy yellow flowers surrounding a group of stamen with dark yellow anthers.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow anthers in the center.
lots of dense petals that have a buttery yellow complexion and are pointed up to the sky.
the flower has creamy yellow, spiky petals surrounding gold colored anthers.
this flower has light yellow petals, deep yellow anther filaments and leathery green leaves.
this flower has thick yellow filaments surrounded by light yellow petals.
this flower has layers of upturned yellow petals which have spiked tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with purple spots
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has spotted purple tubed petals with a white base.
the flower has pink petals with white and purple patches and green pedicel
the unique bell-shaped pink petals of this flower hang down and display mottled dark pink spots on the insides.
the plant has many flowers that are clustered together with pink petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
this flower has multiple bell shaped petals that are purple in color and they have dark spots outlined in white.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this drooping flower has a singular tubular petal that is lavender with spots on the interior that are maroon with white around them.

the flower is white and has a single petal.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow center
the flower shown has white pistil with light blue petals
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has conjoined soft petals in hues of blue and pale purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow center
this flower has small light blue petals and a white pistil.
a large funnel shaped flower with some light blue pedals.
light lavender trumpet shaped cingular pedal with white stamen within.
light lavender trumpet shaped cingular pedal with white stamen within.

leaves are green in color,petals are rounded in shape and are red in color
red flower with multiple petals.
the flower shown has dark purple pistil with small rose colored petals
this small flower has smooth and rounded petals in a bright red hue.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
the small red petals surround red stamens and the pedicel is green.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has bright pink petals that are small and smooth.

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are orange at the edges.
the flower has a red and orange petal with green pedicel and purple stamen
this flower has dark orange petals and white colored anthers on it
this flower has prominent purple stamen surrounded by several rounded red petals with orange edges.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has small and rounded red petals whose veined edges are orange in color.
this flower has short white stamen in the center of four rounded petals in varying shades of orange and yellow.
the busy stamens on the orange petals around the pollen tube
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen

this flower has small orange petals and yellow stamen in the center of it
this is a flower with a yellow stigma and orange petals.
the flower is orange with its petals that are soft, smooth, separate and arranged in disc like manner around the stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a simple layer of orange petals with tightly packed yellow pistil and stamen in the center.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has a yellow center and wide, vertically striated orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the flower has orange petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around yellow stamens in disc like manner
this particular flower has petals that are orange and yellow

this red and purple flower has flat pointed stamen and rounded petals.
the flowers middle is pink, crisscrossed petals and on the side is lavender colored petals.
the flower has purple blooms attached to a red appendenge and green leaves on the plant.
this flower has petals that are red with patches of purple
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower has layers of iridescent purple petals and light green pedicels.
af lower with long and narrow petals that are in rows and are pink.
the red petals lay flat and cover the pollen tube on this flower.

the flower shown has white and purple spots on its smooth petals
an odd shaped bloom with deep burgundy an light pink flower.
this flower has mottled red and white petals, and green sepal.
this odd looking flower has petals that are white with red splatting thru with petal.
lavender flowers of convoluted design and mottled purple patterns with no visible sex organs.
the flower has wavy petals that are red and white in color.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has black shading
this flower has multicolored petals that are white with red and wavy in texture.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.

this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched on top of each other.
a flower with orange petals and orange anther filaments and pistils.
the flower has a bunch of little peach and yellow petals on it
the flower has petals of an orange color with lighter yellow closer to the pistil.
this flat flower has coral petals on the outside and yellow petals on the inner portion that are round and smooth shaped with yellow stamens and pistol centrally located.
the flower has pink petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers with bunch of brown stamen in the centre
the rows of petals of pastel pink and yellow surrounds the darker brown colored pistil.
this flower has layers of peach petals in a round mound, with yellow accents.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with red.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this purple flower has large and round petals that have artistic texture.
this flower has a pink petal with a white stigma in the middle
the flower has purple and white petals with a green pedicel
this flower features four unique petals, each white variegated with dark purple spots framed by a lighter purple fringe.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
this flower has large petals that are purple with a rough patch of white.
this flower is purple and white in color with four discernable petals that bunch to a red center.
this flower has four off white and purpley-pink petals, one sticking out of each side, and then a flat yellow white and pink pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, with multi colored petals.

the stamn are longer with larger anthers that hang over the petals
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has long white petals and long white stamen on it
several delicate pink blossoms on a single stem, the petals are long, narrow and curved back towards the stem, the stamen are long and straight.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has tall, upright filaments with tiny anthers and long pink petals with curly edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has long pink petals and long pink stamens.
this flower has very thin pale pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has a lot of yellow colored petals with some patches of red color.
the flower has white petals with red and yellow markings and a green pedicel
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
yellow petals with wrinkled edges and a bright orange to red spot inside the petals.
this flower is white and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
the flower has white stamen and white, yellow and, red petals.
this flower is made up of light yellow petals with bright orange spots on the inside.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is a very dark red
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches

the stamen are white in color and the anthers are large and maroon in color
this a on orange flower with purple spot, white and red stamen and a red style.
this flower has long orange petals with brown spots and long pistals
this flower has red petals that have a lot of dots on it, and it has long white stamen with dark colored anthers on it
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower features orange petals with dark spots that curl outward at the tip; there are also long white stamen coming from the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are orange and the dots are purple
this flower has white filament with red anthers and orange petals with dark spots.

this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has thin bright yellow petals with green leaves.
the flower petals are needle shped and yellow in color and closely oarked togther
this rounded flower has hundreds of long, very thin yellow petals.
this flower has a lot of yellow petals that are long and thin
the petals of this flower are small, long, and yellow and are clustered in a sphere shape.
this flower has thin and stringy yellow petals that form a ball shape
thin yellow petals make up a pom pom like blossom on this flower.
this flower has small yellow petals in a circular shape with a green pedicel.
a flower with several skinny bright yellow petals.

this flower has wide overlapping yellow petals with rounded, slightly ruffled edges.
the flower has large yellow petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower has a few large petals that are a bright yellow and become more orange towards the base of each petal.
the leaves are green and brod, the petals are alternatly shapd and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has a wheel-like arrangement of bright yellow petals that are placed in an overlapping fashion.
the yellow flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth and has stamen that are sticking out from the centre
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
the petals on this flower are mostly dark yellow, and orange is the color of the stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this purple flowers have sparse petals and slightly curly stamens.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, curled and separately arranged around long stamens
this is a flower with pink curled petals and long pink pistil.
this flower has very long and straight pink stamens along with thin, sparse pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has thin, long pale pink petals which curl backwards.
a lily-like flower with pale lavender petals and long, lavender stamen with brownish tips.
this pink flower hangs downward with six thin petals of a light pink purple color.

the flower is purple and has speckled petals along with a pink and yellow stamen.
this unique flower has strange, white petals with shades and spots of purple and pink.
a spotted purple and white flower with separated petals and a large, pink stigma.
this light blue flower with dark blue tips has a large anther.
this flower has beautiful purple petals and same color pistil but darker.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of white petals with purple on them.
purple petals speckled with brown spots are fading into white towards the center where a star shaped pink filament is protruding.
this flower has spotted petals that are both white and purple.
this flower has purple and white spotted petals and a large, white stamen with pink spots.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple tips

the petals of the flower are pink in color and are attached to wooden branches.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
bright elongated pink petals are springing out from a grey tree branch.
a flower with large, spread out white and purple petals, and brown connective pedicel
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
the flower has long pink petals, and is mounted on a tree.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
the petals of this flower are pink and off white and the pedicel is brown
this flower has sparsely arranged long white and pink petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are that are drooping and oval shaped.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flower shown has layers of red petals, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that pink with yellow stamen and pistil.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this red flower has rounded petals, green sepals, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this is a pink flower with closely gathered petals and multiple yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and layerred.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a thin green stem.
this flower has dark purple blue petals that are curved on the bottom and pointed on the top.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has a smooth green stem and bright blue petals with smooth edges.
this flower has a smooth purple petal as well as a thin green pedicel.
this flower has a dark blue coloration with a green stem.

this flower has long skinny yellow petals and yellow anthers in the middle of it
the flower is big, yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the clustered stamen
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red striped down the center.
the flower has large overlapping petals that are yellow around the edges and brown in the center, with a collection of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are black and red, with yellow edges and many yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has pointed yellow petals that have red lines on them
this flower has yellow petals with orange centers and a large yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are bright yellow on the outside with deep orange color in the middle.
this bright yellow flower has an outer row of star-shaped petals with dark stripes running through the middle of each petals, and densely grouped small pistils.

the tropical flower has orange blooms that grow horizontally from the branch of the flower.
this bird-like flower has orange with white petals and a blue and orange pistil.
the flower has pointed petals that are the color yellow, blue, and pink.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flowers are yet to bloom and appear purple before reaching maturity.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are dark yellow.
this flower has orange petals that seem to curl up around the edges to make tubes.
this flower has thin orange petals and are pointed upwards
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower consists of several long, vertically dispersed petals as well as some surrounding green leaves.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are all in one piece.
this is a trupet shaped pure white flower with a small amount of yellow in the throat.
this bell shaped flower has conjoined white petals and a small yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this round, white flower has a yellow center with short stamen protruding.
this flower one large, white circular petal with a small yellow circle in the center and several short, white stamen.
this flower has white petals with yellow in the center
this flower has white, triangle shaped petals with short light yellow stamen.
this flower has a large white petal with very short white stamen in a yellow ovary.

this flower has prominent green stamen surrounded by a hairlike purple fringe and long rounded white and purple petals.
the petals on this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has a double row of elongated petals under a row of needle shape petals.
this flower has pink and white petals and has purple stamen
this flower has bright green stamen, with an inner layer of dark purple petals and an outer layer of light pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple and green petals and a hair-like purple fringe in its center.

a ring of overlapping, oblong, bright yellow petals surrounds a center with many yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has many yellow petals with brown center and yellow stamen.
this flower has a brown center and layers of long yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this is a yellow flower with long, oval-shaped petals that has a black pistil.
a flower with yellow petals and dark brown stamen
this flower has a few layers of bright yellow petals with a slightly ridged surface and an oblong shape.

this flower has white and purple petals with green sepal.
the petals of this flower are white and purple with a short stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has three long, pointed white petals, two broad white petals, and a tube-like petal that is purple and yellow on the inside and encases the pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with purple shading
this flower has five main petals as well as a trumpet shaped portion, which has a yellow interior.
this flower has oblong shaped white petals, white rough edged petals and a purple bell shaped center with yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
the blooms on this orchid are bright white with lavender ruffled pollen tubes that have golden throats.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the flower shown has small yellow petals with yellow pistil
a small yellow flower filled with tiny yellow petals and a brown pedicel.
the flower is yellow and spherical in shape and has petals that are soft and smooth
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this is a yellow flower that has many narrow petals in rows forming a pom pom shape.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched closelytogether.
this flower has an almost circular shape which is enhanced by pale yellow petals.
this flower has long and thin bright yellow petals placed close together in a tight arrangement.

this flower has petals that are purple with orange stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the flower has curled petals that are purple colored and somewhat sparse.
this is a flower that has curled purple petals on it.
the beautiful big purple flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamen forming a bowl like shape
this flower has overlapping wide petals with curling edges in a shade of pale purple.
this light purple flower has rounded petals and orange stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen

a flower with folded back spotted yellow and red petals, green filaments,a nd orange anther
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
stamens are longer with larger yellow anthers
the flower shown has bright yellow petals with purple markings on them
this flower has petals that are yellow with some dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with brown spots.
the petals are curled backwards and are yellow with brown spots.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has curled yellow petals that have brownish red spots on them and long green filaments that end in big yellowish brown anthers.
this flower has yellow petals that have purple dots on them

this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
the flower has red petals with a red stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
the anthers appear dark and the stamina are long and above the ovaries.
this flower has large pink petals and long pink stamen in the middle
the petals are a completely pale pink color with matching stigma protruding from the middle.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower has wide pink petals which are smooth and slightly curled at the edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that stick out while it also has petals that go up to cover the stamen and pollen tube.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has light pink petals and anthers that are yellow in color
a flower with light pink petals and a large stigma accompanied by yellow pistils.
this flower has overlapping white and pink petals with a large yellow pistil in the center.
a flower with bright pink petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly light pink in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow and orange.
there are layers of veined pink petals around the pistil.

this flower has six large pink and white petals arranged in a star shape, with thin white pistil and filaments.
this flower has petals that are white with pink stripes and white filaments.
the pink and white striped petals of this flower are facing down appearing like a shy female, with the buds behind appearing like ears of corn.
the flower has a thick green stalk and a bloom that is made of pink and white petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large, overlapping whiter petals with tapered edges and pink accents.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
a pink and white flower with long white stigma and a golden tip.
this flower has a thick green stem, a brown stamen, and pink and white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines

this flower has a bunch of thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
a rounded yellow and orange flower with lots of tiny petals surround the hidden stigma.
the bloom of the flower is made for orange petals that are curled along the edges.
this flower has many prominent bright yellow petals and is surrounded by green leaves and buds.
this round flower has multiple layers of thin orange petals that are slightly curved.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has a long yellow ribbon like petals that get closer and smaller closer to the pistil.
this bright orange flower has lots of small crinkled petals bunched tightly together in a bulb formation.

the flower has lots of white stamen and pink petals surround the flower
this flower has petals that are pointed red and white with white anthers.
this flower has creamy pink petals with white stamen and yellow pistil.
these unique flowers are characterized by at least twenty pale purple petals pointing upward which hold numerous pink and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
these flowers have small slender pink petals with yellow hairy stamen in the center of it.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and yellow stamens with white anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
pink flowers with white stamen and big white cluster in the middle.
this flower has white anther filaments and yellow and white stamen, and pointed, triangular shaped red petals.

the pretty flower has dark and white petals on it
the petals on the flower are pink and purple in color and have a yellow center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
flower with one distinct leaf purple in color and three other multicolored petals with a yellow style.
this flower has four large rounded petals which are predominately lilac colored with russet and yellow accents.
this flower has wide and very smooth petals in shades of lilac and plum.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and purple lines
this flower has white, pink, and purple petals and a green pedicel
this flower has one solid white petal and three petals that have yellow markings and red stripes.

the flower has five pear shaped yellow petals with a yellow pistil.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the five petals are bright yellow in color while the style is light green and the stigma is yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.
this flower has bright yellow petals and small yellow stamen.
this flower has small, shiny yellow petals which are smooth and rounded.
the bright yellow petals are slightly pointed at the ends and the stamens are the same bright yellow.

the flower has a single petal which is white and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
what i enjoy about this flower is its popcorn colored petals.
flat white and yellow petals are in a tube shape with white pistil in the center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
this flower has large white petals with a light yellow coating and light yellow stamens.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal with rounded edges and white or yellow coloring.

this flower has petals that are white with green pedicel.
the flower is made of white petals with a pistil and other reproductive parts that are yellow.
the samen are fewrer and large yellow anthers with white colored petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
a flower that has white petals and a yellow center with orange filaments
this flower has large and very smooth white petals and a bright yellow mouth.
this flower has white overlapping petals and orange small stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has smooth white petals with a small amount of yellow.
the petals of the flower are very wide, and have a distinctive shape, and the petals are a vibrant white color.

this medium white flower has rows of thin blue petals and thick stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy steman
this violet flower has frilly petals and large, white stamens.
this flower has purple petals and long purple stamen, and has a green stigma in the center
a beautiful purple flower with long petals, layered on top with long narrow curvy petals and pale yellow stigma
the petals of this flower are stringy and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has tall white pistils, yellow stamen, purple petals and thin wavy filaments.

this flower has green pistil and red petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with yellow center
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this is an orange flower with green leaves and a yellow stigma.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has large fan shaped petals surrounding yellow pistil and stamen.
a orange flower with a long stigma and large pedals.
this flower has red petals, with brown stamen in the center.
this flower has five slightly overlapping, rounded red petals with smooth edges.
this flower has a yellow ovary and bright orange rounded petals.

dark orange pedals green middle dark green leaves
this is an orange flower with green stamen and black stripes near the ovary.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are orange with green stamen
the petals on this flower are orange with a green center.
this flower has orange petals with red lines on them
the flora has delicate, almost wrinkly large orange petals
this beautiful flower has bright orange fan shaped petals, with a green stigma in the center.
this flower has orange petals with darker streaks through them that extend from a green stigma.
this flower is orange and green in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.

this flower has a long yellow petal with a brown stripe and a yellow anther
the flowers has a beautiful brightly yellow colored petals with a streak of brown in the middle.
this yellow flower has dark stripes on the large petals.
the petals are yellow and pointy with a red stripe down the middle and a circle of stamen in the center.
the pointed petals are almost identical all connecting to the large stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stripes
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has long pointed yellow petals with brown stripes and a dark stigma.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has several petals that are in a button, some are open on the top.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and closed together
this flower has multiple purple buds and doesn't look like it's bloomed yet
the purple bell shaped florets of this flower form a perfect pyramid upon a thick green stem.
these are purple bell shaped flowers, with a highlight of yellow, that grow in a graduated cluster at the top of the stem.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has a large number of small blue jug petals that have white edges and yellow ovaries.
this flower has a small purple globe shape with a ruffled white mouth.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together

the white petals are separated withe the ovaries being at the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower petals is large and white with a yellow inside
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a center that is yellow in color.
the bright white of this flowers petals is offset by the light yellow of its stamen.
this flower has overlapping layers of soft white ruffled petals.
this flower has white petals and has many yellow stamen
this flower has petals as well as a pistil. it is colored white
this flower has white petals with ridges at their center and thin yellow stamen.

the flower jhas many stamen with larger pink anthers
this hot pink flower has five large petals coming from the center, forming a star shape and has many prominent hot pink pistils coming out from the center.
this flower has star shaped pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has very bright pink petals with many stamen of the same color.
this flower has bright pink petals with darker pink spotting near its middle.
this flower has deep pink stamen with petals which are very bright pink with some darker red spots on them.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
a flower with long and thin pistil that is pink.

a bright yellow flower with short, spikey pedals in a spray of color on a green stem.
leaves are green in color the flower petals are yellow and small in size
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and are small and short in shape.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this bright yellow flower has pointed petals and yellow orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
there are many thin, bright yellow petals that obscure the other parts of this flower.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and large green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with green edges
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and mutlicolored.
the flowers have red and yellow petals that are long and thin.
the flower shown has red and green petals with green pedicel
this flower is green, red, and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy along the edges.
the petals are long and thin and red and yellow and have very long and thin stigma.
the petals of this flower are green, yellow and red, and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
this flower has long thin red petals with ruffled yellow edges.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has long petals that are purple and long yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has large purple petals and yellow pistil on top as its main features
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center.
the flower has sparse pink petals that are oval and long shaped.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a limp pedaled purple flower with a light tan center.
this flower has one row of long pink petals surrounding the round center which contains many small orange pistils.
this is a pink flower with long oval-shaped petals that flex backward with a thick orange pistil.

this flower has purple and pink petals with with stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower is pink starting as a tube near the sepal and suddenly flaring out as a separate petals on the top portion and stamen are sticking out of it
this flower has petals that are white with shades of red
this flower has petals that are pink with a dark pink stripe and white filaments.
this flower has both dark and light pink on its petals along with irregular spots of white.
this flower is pink and white in color, with spotted multi colored petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has five wide ruffled pink petals with darker pink accents.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines

pedicel is green inc olor,petals are oval ib shape and are orange in cololr
the flower shown has little orange petals with red pistil
this pretty flower has orange petals with brown in the middle and green stems.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have a center that is brown.
the dark orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner in many layers with bunch of stamen in the centre
this orange circular flower has several layers of petals that widen as they get closer to the sepal, it also has a pistil that is brown with specks of orange.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright orange.
this flower has orange petals that have layers and red stamen
this flower has thin orange petals, almost like strips with a very brown center holding the stamen.

this flower has petals in the shape of a circle and are purple and stringy
this flower has violet petals with light green stamen and bell-shaped anthers.
the flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth, thick and separately arranged around the stamen forming a bowl like shape
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is very unique as it has different kinds of petals and three branches of stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
this flower has a ghostly lavender petals surrounding curly green stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has elongate green and purple petals below a ring of purple and white needle like petals.

flower has many oval shaped petals with yellow pink color and small stamen.
the flower has many layered petals which are pink and yellow.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are broad and there are many in the flower, and they are also yellow and pink in color.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
the flower has a yellow and peach petals around the pollen tube
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
these flowers are made up of large clusters of oval shaped flowers that are orange and yellow in color.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has many petals that are yellow in color towards the center of the flower and turn more peach colored towards the outside of the flower.

this flower has pink petals with white wilted tips around a cluster of tiny yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with white edges and has many yellow stamen.
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink flower has five big pink petals, green pistil and numerous yellow stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
a flower with a white- purple ombre set of petals and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are light purple.
this purple and blue flower has rounded pedals and yellow stamen.

the beautiful flower is like a disc that has petals that are smooth soft and arranged in many layers around the stamen with yellow anthers
this bright pink flower has layers of thin pointed petals and a dark pink center.
this flower has a a long and dark pink petal and a white colored anther
the petals are dull red in color with larger anthers that are yellow in color with balck stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this circular flower has dozens of short, slender petals layered around a circular bunch of hundreds of short, thin stamen with white anthers and a deep purple center.
this flower has pink and has red and yellow stamen
the flower has three rows of pink oval shaped petals with a circle yellow inner and white outer stamens.
the petals on this flower are mostly pink purple in color and the inner stamen is the color red and white.

this cup-shaped yellow flower has concave petals arranged around a cluster of yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this small flower has a yellow center surrounded by shiny yellow flowers which are slightly heart shaped.
this flower has a yellow center and small, heart-shaped shiny yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are heart shaped.
the flower has a thin green pedicel with a rounded yellow petal on top.
the flower has bright yellow stamen and pistils with round yellow petals.

this flower has petals that are purple with white shading and purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
there are many deep pink bell shaped flowers with lacy white interiors.
this flower has thick ovular purple petals as its main feature.
these purple flowers grow up a single pedicel and are solid on the outside of the tubular shaped petal, and are white with purple spots on the inside.
this flower has magenta cupped trumpets with center of white and purple spots.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and purple coloring which pales at the round mouth.
a flower with long and curled outward petals that are purple.
this bell shaped flower has vivid lavender petals and a spotted throat.
this flower has one uniform petal that is shaped like a bell and looks down, the inside has white and black spots.

the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are orange with red stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals on this flower are yellow with brown dots.
a flower with yellow petals with orange specks and no visible pistils.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large yellow petals whose edges are rounded, flecked with orange.
this flower has large yellow petals with dark orange spots leading to the center.
a flower with long and wide petal that is yellow with brown spots.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots

the flower shown has bright purple petals with yellow pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has long bright pink and purple petals with yellow stamen.
a flower with bright pink petals and with yellow stamen.
the beautiful flower has dark pink petals that are so vivid, soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner around yellow bunch of stamens
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a wide flower with purple petals and many tiny yellow stamen at it's center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals which are shades of pink and long white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with pink edges
clustered pick flower pedals with white medium sized stamen central to the flower.
this flower is red and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has red broad petals that together form a round disc, has white stigma, style and stamens.
this flower has rounded petals that are light pink on the outsides and dark pink towards the inside and long white filaments.
this flower has dark red inner petal and pink outer petals with a white stamen.
this flower has bright red and pink petals with long white stigma protruding from the middle.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has ruffled and very bright pink petals with darker pink designs.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the cetner.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is rose like with pink overlapping pedals ans a green receptacle.
this flower has mossy green sepal with pink petals as its main features
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this flower has pink petals that are bell curved upwards, and a fuzzy single green pedicel.
the flower has a pink petal and medium green stem with a fuzzy sepal.
this flower has green sepals with pink petals, many with curved edges, layered tightly on top of each other.
this flower has green sepals with pink petals, many with curved edges, layered tightly on top of each other.

this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has clusters of deep red blossoms with rounded petals arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has a lot of red petals and an orange stigma in it
this flower has petals that are red with a long stigma
a very beautiful red flower with bits of purple looking peddles that have not yet opened.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
a large tower layered shaped red flower with yellow tips.
this flower has large and very soft red petals whose shape is slightly ruffled.
the long red flower has small buds at the top ready to open.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

the flower has petals that are overlapping and red with white filaments.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has several rows of long pink petals and a large yellow center.
the petals on this flower are a dark pink surrounding numerous yellow stamen.
this flower has bright pink petals with outer white stamens and yellow inner stamens
this flower has magenta pink petals that are narrow elongated ovals, the are multi-layered petals; while there are many short stamens surrounding a round flat, large stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a pale green center and layers of long, thin pink petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the petals of this flower are maroon with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with white edges
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are dark near the center.
the petals are white on the edges and deep purple in the center.
flowers are overlaping,the flowers are purple white in color,they are cap[sule in shape
this flower has a funnel-like shape with a dark ovary and white petals with purple veins.
the petals on this flower are mostly white with spots of purple, and black is the color of the stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purplelines
this flower has a black ovule, white and purple petals, and bright green, broad leaves.
this flower has petals with white on the outside and deep purple near the center.

the myriad of long narrow petals are a dark pink closest to the round cluster of yellow seeds.
the flower has dull colored yelloww pink petals with large anthers that are yellow in color
this flower has a ruffled yellow center surrounded by long, thin pink petals.
this flower has pink petals that are long and narrow with a yellow pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this yellow-centered flower has small yellow florets and warm pink petals shaded with white.
this flower has layers of pink petals with white tips and a large bunch of yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this pale yellow and pink flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has large white petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovule.
the flower has large white petals that are heart shaped.
a white a yellow flower with tiny yellow anther and a black stigma.
this flower has petals that are white on the outside and a yellow orange mix on the inside.
this flower has white petals tinged yellow towards the pistil with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with a yellow center.
this flower has heart shaped white petals which have vivid yellow center markings.
this flower has overlapping white petals in a wheel-like formation with yellow at the base of the petals and in the ovary.

this flower has green sepals outside layers of pink and white petals which surround the prominent yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has multiple yellow stamen surrounded by long upturned pink and white petals with slightly tapered edges.
the flower has a pointed tip and pinkish with yellow
the flower has petals that are dark pink and white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
layers of thick pink and white petals encase the bright yellow stamens.
this flower has stiff looking pink and white petals with bright yellow stamen.
this flower has layers of pink petals with strings of yellow stamen in the center of it.

this pink flower has the lengthy petals which holds the stamen at the center with the pink anther at the tip
the plant has petals that are curled and are needle shaped with larger anthers pink in color
the flower shown has purple petals which are its main feature
this flower has petals that are pink and very tin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
the long pink petals are curled at the tips and the anther is deep pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are more pink towards the tips.
a small pink and white flower; the petals fade from pink to white.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together in the center
this flower has several layers of wide white petals with pointed pink tips.
the flower has a a lot of white colored petals with mostly pink shades towards its tips.
a large cup shaped flower with pink and white pedals.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
these petals are ivory white with a blush pink that runs from the middle to the tip of the petal.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white and pink petals with a dark green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are overlapping and yellow, with yellow stamen.
petals are rounded in shape,they are yellow in color with laerger anthers
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
a multi-tiered yellow flower with large upward pointing curling petals and yellow anther.
this flower has many yellow rounded petals that are cupped around each other.
this flower has layers of round, upturned yellow petals with smooth edges.
this particular flower has petals that are short and round with dark yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled inward around the ovary.

the flower is so big and has petals that are pink, soft, smooth and separately arranged around bunch of stamen
a flower with bright pink thin petals and central cluster of orange and green stamen
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this is a flower with a brown pistil and long pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a green pedicel, green filament with orange anther within the stamen, and purple petals.
this is a pink flower with long and thin petals and many orange stamens
a long pedaled purple flower with a large stigma.
this pink flower has pointed leaves and a green pedicel.

the flower has pinkish purple color on its petals with its filaments' tips in yellow color.
this flower has pink petals and long yellow stamen with red anthers on it
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and dark pink with yellow filaments.
this large flower has long yellow petals and a thick black center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright magenta petals standing up around a yellow center and yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has pink layered petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a small clump of thick yellow stamen surrounded by layers of slightly pointed petals that are pink and white in color.

this flower is has yellow pedals and off white stamen.
pale yellow petals revealing a white pistil and green sepals.
this is a small yellow flower withgreen leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a cluster of small flowers with pale yellow petals and faint yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this flower has yellow petals layered over the other with tan stamen in the center.
this flower has small rounded, smooth petals in a pale yellow shade.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has light yellow round shaped petals. it is open and it's stamen are also yellow.

this flower has pink petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
these strange looking flowers is pink with long petals and long green stems
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this pink blossom has five narrow curved petals radiating from the center and very long pink stamen.
this flower has multiple pedicles and skinny and pointy petals.
this vibrant pink flower has star-shaped petals and an inner white stamen.
the petals on this flower are big and seperate while the stamen is detached and also purple in color.
the petals are very thin, there are about 5 of them and the plant has pink stigmas.
a pink and white group of flowers that pedals that are curled on the tips.

this flower has five flat rounded petals which are a lilac purple with white centers.
the petals on this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
the petals on this flower are purple with a white center.
this flower has rounded purple petals with white at their base.
the petals of this flower are dark pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white in the center and purple toward the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pedicel.

the anthers are yellow in color and larger with smaller petals white in color
this flower has a large white petal and a large yellow stigma in the middle
the flower has a bowl shaped white petal with yellow and purple mixed in
this flower is white, yellow and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has several large white petals with rounded edges, accented with deep purple lines.
this flower has multi colored petals and white small anther.
this flower has large and very smooth white petals with rounded edges.
this white, red and yellow flower has pointed petals and a red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower has white petals and the pedicel is brown

this flower has a nice center of stamen with beautiful red petals.
this flower has a set of red petals and a yellow interior.
a larger flower with red petals a yellow stamen and stigma.
this flower has a large red petal with a yellow anther and filament
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are small and wavy.
this flower has 5 large crimson petals with an exposed pistil featuring visible stamen.
this bold colored flower is red petals with inner stamen of yellow color.
this flower has five distinct and very wide red petals around a vivid yellow center.
there is a single ring of red petals which turn to yellow in the center of the flower, along with small yellow stamen.
this flower has ruffled red feather with yellow stamen

this bright white flower has a stamen with large white anthers and petals that appear to be fused together.
this flower has petals that are white with a small stigma
this is a round flower with white petals and white pistil.
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
a flower with white petals and the stigma and stamen are white
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has conjoined white petals which blossom into a rounded shape.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style

the flower has larger anthers orange in color and petals that are yellow
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
the leaves of the flowers have ruffled yellow petals that have orange details.
the long oblong yellow petals of this flower are spotted with red and sit atop layers of sepals at their base.
this flower has large yellow petals with a lot of orange spots on it
this flower has pale yellow petals with orange flecks throughout.
this flower has wide and long petals in shades of pale yellow with orange dots.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
this flower has large yellow petals with orange spots leading to the center.

this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are skinny and long.
the flower is big with its stamen formed like curly human hair on top of the petals that are pointed down wards, and the pistil is sticking out
this exotic purple flower has thin delicate petals and an obvious pistil in the middle.
this purple flower has very large, prominent stamen and many thin, curly petals.
double purple ringed petals that fray outwards in a lighter shade of purple with white in their innermost centers and a yellowish green pistil.
this flower has wide green petals and a fringe of purple frizz under thick green stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a stringy purple stamen
the flower has green and yellow stamen and purple and white petals.
this is a purple flower with petals that look like they are strings, and it has a large pistil.

the flower has shiny yellow petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has large yellow petals, and a lot of yellow stamen and anthers
the flower has a large yellow petal with yellow stamen in the center
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are yellow in color,the stigma is shorter and green in color
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming disc like shape
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
the flower has small round yellow petals and tiny yellow anther in the middle.
a five petal flower that is entirely yellow, with a bit of a glossy appearance, and many stamen with ball shaped tips.

the flower has pink and white petals along with yellow anther and filament
the two flowers have pink and white petals with red stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pointed.
a layer of white petals lies flat underneath two upper layers of smaller, pink petals, which surround curving yellow stamens.
the petals on this flower vary from pink to white in color.
this flower has ascending layers of pink and white petals with slightly pointed tips and a grouping of bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower long white and pink petals with long yellow stamens.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.

several medium-sized, leaf-like purple petals with white stringy stamen and yellowish green anthers.
this flower has petals that are lavender, with white filaments, and lavender anthers.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen
this flower has white stamen surrounded by wide, pointy-tipped purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals, white pistil and green pedicel.
this flower has a wheel-shaped arrangement of light purple petals with a layer of white filaments.

the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with pink in center
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the flower has two colors white and pink with no stamen seen.
the petals are broad and white, with a bright purple color near the center.
this flower has white petals that are tinged with magenta in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a pink center
a set of pink and white flowers with floppy white petals.
this flower is characterized by its light pink petals coupled with a dark pink circular band on the inside of each petal.
this flower has small smooth petals that are white with pink at the base.

the flower has many overlapping petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has a lot of yellow colored petals surround a group of gold colored stamen
several layered bright yellow petals with a shade darker yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are tightly bunched together.
the flower has yellow petals with yellow stamen in the center
a very large and fluffy looking flower with smaller pedals in the center.
this flower has layers of small and very ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has big yellow petals and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has yellow pedals arranged in a bunched up style with no stamen.

this flower has pointed yellow stamen surrounded by petals which are large and bright purple.
this flower is dark purple in color with five large petals surrounding a group of several stamin in its center.
a dark purple large pedaled flower with a spiky white center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the purple petals are narrow at the center and wide at the ends; there are five of them surrounding the yellow and white center with its pointed filaments.
this flower has five purple petals that surround very long yellow stamen.
a flower with petals that are long and pointed that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has a small bunch of thick white stamen surrounded by five bright purple petals.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
flower with cotton like white petals surrounding a white and black mostly hidden pistil.
a cluster of flowers with white petals and no visible pistils.
the pedals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with a small patch of yellow
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this white flower features five lobes of petals, arranged three on top and two beneath, around a central white and yellow cupped leaf containg the flower's pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
the flower petals are white as snow and are round shaped.
this flower has small white petals with a bright yellow center.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the flowers has several white petals that turn pink towards the center.
the flower has petals that are white with pink stamen and pistil.
this flower has delicate petals which are a pale pink color and have round edges.
this flower has multiple blossoms on a thin stem with dark pink sepals and small white petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this long and narrow flower has a tan colored stem with pink and red leaves, white petals and a pink ovule.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has a tall white petal and no visible outer stamen or stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with only one large white petal.
this flower has petals that are white and closed together
this flower has a peachy white trumpet-shaped spathe atop a thick green stem.
this flower has a rounded white petal with pointed tip and pale pink base.
this flower has one main petal that is white with faint pink nearing the base of the pedicel.
a white and pink flower with a dark green colored pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a green tip
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

the long, slender petals of this flower curl back to expose the stamen that are the same pale pink color.
the flower is pink and its petals are fused near the sepal but are separated gradually towards their tip which are curled up
this a pink flower with dramatically curling outer petals and tall upright pink filaments and dark rounded anthers.
these flowers are a soft pink color with long petals that curl back over themselves, and long stamen with black tips.
this flower has long pink petals which curl around completely, and long pink stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly curly pink color and long stems.
this flower has long and very thin petals in a shade of pale pink.
these flowers have pink bell shaped blossoms with curved in tips on the petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin
this flower has tall pink filament with long thin petals that are curled at the ends.

these flowers have vibrant white petals and a dense, yellow core and stamen.
these medium sized flowers have lots of thin white petals and a bright yellow middle.
a flower with numerous white petals and a yellow inner stigma.
this flower features a large yellow ovary surrounded by layers of elongated white petals.
a white multi petal with a yellow center on a short stem.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of long, thin white petals.
the white petals encircle a wide cluster of yellow colored stamens.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
the flower has yellow stamen and pistil and oval white petals.

the petals of this flower are purple and white with a long stigma
this flower has purple and white petals with green many stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white with purple edges
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are darker on the edges.
this flower has wide smooth white petals with edges of bright purple.
this flower has white petals with purple tips and a prominent stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
the bloom of the flower is purple in color with a stem that is green in color.
this flower has yellow stamen and petals that are white with blue edges.
this flower has wide white petals which have rounded purple edges.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower features a large ovary surrounded by layers of small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with shades of orange
this flower has long yellow petals and has yellow anthers in the center of it
this is a flower with a large green and brown pistil and many yellow petals.
this flower is colored bright yellow with many seeds in it's center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
this flower has narrow and short yellow petals that are pointy.
this flower has starburst of yellow petals, with yellow anthers and a green stigma.
this flower is yellow with a thin fuzz pedicel.

this is a yellow flower with ten petals, and a purple, yellow, and brown bulls eye center.
pale yellow petals shaped like ovals lay flat beneath purple colored stamen.
this is a strange flower with a wild inner core of purple black and yellow leaves and designs.
this flower is white, blue and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a bottom layer of pointed white petals and a top layer of very thin indigo petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has purple stamen
this flower has purple, white, dark purple petals, light green pistil.
this flower has long thick petals under a round layer of purple and white quills and thick stamen.
the flower has white oval thin petals and yellow stamen.
a multiple layered flower with flat white petals at the bottom, long thin purple ones in the middle and orange tipped stamen at the top.

a cluster of single-petal, bell-shaped flowers, pink on the outside and white with bright purple spots on the inside, covers a thin green stalk.
a flower with large tubular pink and red spotted petals and green pedicels
bell-shaped blooms with petals that are light pink/purple on the outside and white with bright fuchsia dots on the inside.
the flower has bloom lining along the stalk that are pink in color and speckled on the inside.
clusters of bell shaped flowers that are light pink on the outside and white with red speckles on the inside.
this flower has large pink petals that are cone-shaped.
pale purple trumpet petals with white and purple specks littering the inside of the petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a flower with a wide petal that is light purple.
this flower has bell shaped petals that are purple on the other side and white with dark spots on the inside.

this white flower has multiple rows of petal, as well as yellow and orange filaments.
leaves are green in color,petals are rounded in shape and athey are awhite inc olor
this flower has large white petals and a group of yellow stamen in the middle
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
flower has layers of conststently white pedals surrounding an exposed center with yellow stamen visibile within.
this white flower has an outer row of white petals and an inner trumpet-shaped row, and also a prominent yellow pistil
there are many soft white petals on this flower with a yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

a flower with ragged yellow fuzzy individual yellow petals and central cluster of anther and yellow filaments.
the flower has many yellow petals with a yellow stamen in the center
the flower is all yellow and it like the petals fall off easy
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
this flower has lots and lots of tiny thin yellow petals.
this flower has yellow and stringy petals that make a cricle
the flow has golden numerous yellow pedals that are narrow and long and a tight bunch of yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly hazy yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color dark yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

the flower shown has a flat blue petal with green pedicel
blue pedals white middle green round leads
the flower has a long round petal that is bright blue in color.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are blue with a white center
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has blue petals which are white near the middle of the flower.
this flower has blue petals, tinged with a light yellow at the center.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are white near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has small yellow petals in a ball shape as its main feature
a flower with small yellow petals and no visible anther filaments or pistils.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
the flower center is circular with many long and skinny yellow pedals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has layers of yellow fringe-like petals and central hairs.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
this flower has red and pink petals with yellow anther as its main features
a group of peach and pink flowers with red anther filaments and large stigmas.
largr prominent pistil with many stamens and flowers are one red and the other pink
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
there are orange and pink pedals with a red stigma covered in yellow dots.
this flower has petals that are pink and red and has a flowery stigma
the petals of this flare are pink and salmon and the pistil is long and yellow
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are red on one flower and white on the other.

the flower has curled pink petals and a yellow pistil.
broad pink petals that form a yellow hexagon shape in the middle of flower.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow center
this flower has six pink petals wit the color yellow in the middle
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has pink petals with a patch of yellow at the center
this flower has five dark pink petals with a yellow star shape on the inside.
this flower has multicolored petals that are yellow near the base and pink along the rest of it.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
a flower with purple petals and yellow in the middle.

these flowers grow on water plants. they are pink or yellow with yellow stamen in the centers.
the flower has white and purple petals with yellow anther and filament
this medium white and pink flower has curved waxy petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by upturned yellow petals with slightly pointed edges.
this flower has pink petals and very large yellow anthers.
this flower has white and pink petals that are arranged in multiple rows along with very large flat leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has layer of pale yellow flowers which have slightly tapered edges.
this flower has pink and white petals with some being sure white petals and yellow stamen
this flower is light yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the petals on this flower are white with white stigma.
three petaled, white flower.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower has white pistil and smooth white petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the delicate flower features large white petals that are pointed and green filaments with white anthers.
a white flower with three petals that are leaf shaped and three light green stamen with white stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has three broad petals of bright white with large stamen tipped with white.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this orange and pink flower has ruffled petals and a green pedicel.
the flower shown has little pink petals with green sepal and pedicel
the flower's salmon colored petals have jagged edges and grown from a green stem.
this flower had petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower has pink petals with jagged edges attached to a green sepal.
a pink flower with a green stem attached to it.
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together
this flower has a prominent green sepal and receptacle and a tightly bunched group of pink petals with jagged top edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.

this flower is red and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has yellow petals with red spots and a green pedicel
this flower has a long and skinny red petals with an orange stigma
the flower has petals that are yellow with orange spots.
this bright orange flower is covered in dark red spots and yellow stamen/
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are golden yellow and they have red spots all around
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower has a sparse arrangement of orange petals with red spots surrounding a couple of tall yellow stamen.
the bright orange, almond shaped petals have dark red spots and the stamen are orange.

this flower has clusters of large petals that are striking colors such as red with yellow veins.
the green petals surround the orange petals and the stamen cannot be seen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange with hints of yellow
this flower has an odd arrangement of red petals with randomly placed streaks of orange.
this blood orange flower has rounded petals with small yellow splotches on its surface.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
the petals of this flower are orange red and the sepals are medium green.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow spots
this flower has large red petals with purple petals as well and a green pedicel.

this flower has a very prominent pollen tube surrounded by several large, wide yellow petals with rounded edges.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curved inward.
this bright yellow flower has delicate petals with a yellow pistil and stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flower has a yellow petal with yellow anther and white pollen tubes
this flower has large wavy yellow petals, lime colored style and yellow stamens.
this flower has a thick stamen surrounded by wide and very rounded yellow petals.
this flower has light yellow petals with a dark yellow colored stamens.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow, and yellow white is the color of the stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the flower shown has several pink petals that turn downwards.
the flower has a single petal which is pale pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple center
this flower as large delicate petals in pale pink which are slightly ruffled.
these are pale pink trumpet shaped flowers with a darker pink center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple center
this flower has five very soft and slightly ruffled petals in pale pink.
a pink flower consisting of five large broad, smooth petals curling outwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are circle shaped.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are a deep red with white stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with green stigma
the flower shown has small red petals and white pistil
the flower has fluffy red petals and a lot of pistil emerging from the middle.
this flower is red and purple in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has red petals around a white stamen on top of a green leafy stem.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
a flower with short and wide petals that are red.

the petals of the flower are white with a maroon center and light yellow pistil.
this flower has petals which are very white with a white pollen tube
this flower has petals that are white with a long style
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are red near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with red center and white stigma.
this flower has a white anther filament, yellow stamen, red ovule and white petals.
the flower has five white petals and one large white stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and darker near the ovary.
a flower with white and red petals and green leaves.

the flower is red with petals that are soft, smooth and starting as tube and suddenly flaring out and forming a disc like shape
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
leaves are dark green,petals are red in color
this flower has the simple row of red petals surrounding the single pistil at the middle
this pretty red flower has white and red petals on the tip
this flower has bright red petals with crinkled edges and a white stamen.
this flower has large red petals and a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a white style
a red flower with dark red edges on it's petals surrounding a light pink anther filament.
this flower has rounded bright red petals with slightly uneven edges.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
flower ptals are rounded in shape,they are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this pale yellow flower has petals and filaments of the same color.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded .
this flower has broad yellow petals with a yellow anther filament and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has flowery stigma
this pale yellow flower has five petals with a deeper yellow stamen.
a yellow flower with five light yellow petals surrounding long stamen with yellow anthers filament.

this flower has petals that are pink with a white stripe and pink stamen.
petals are rounded in shape with many longer stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
the petals on this flower are white with pink lines.
this flower has pink and white pedals with a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green
this flower features small pink and white petals and light pink anther filament.
this flower has pink and white petals with long white stamens.

this is a flower with lavender and white petals and no visible pistils shown.
the flower has curled edges and is purple and white in color.
the center has many upright lavendar petals, with the outer petals curving down, displaying a white middle area with purple ruffled edges.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this is a flower with many fluted edged petals that are purple white in color with a dark purple edge.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this purple and white flower has large rounded wavy petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
this flower has layers of white petals whose ruffled edges are a pale purple color.

this flower has five large smooth white petals with yellow centers.
this flower has round petals that are white on the tips and yellow on the base.
the pedicel on this flower is purple with smooth white and yellow petals
this flower has one overlapping row of oblong round petals that change from yellow to white.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower has five very smooth, creamy white petals whose centers are bright yellow.
the reproductive parts of this plant are not easily visible, the yellow part of the petals camouflages them.
the flower has five soft oval shaped yellow and white petals.
the almond shaped petals are yellow in the center and turn white towards the edges.

this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with no visible petals and lavender pistils protruding from the top.
the flower has many tiny purple petals and a large spiky green receptacle.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
the top of the thorny plant has a bloom that is purple in color and a green sepal.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are green and very stringy
the base of this flower is a spiny ball with light purple stamen protruding from the top in a bunch.
this flower has green petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has very many small and spiky green sepals underneath a disk-shaped collection of thin purple petals.

the flower petal is larger and white in color with a yellow smaller inner part
trapezoidal petals all white forming a near perfect circle, with a small delicate yellow center and a few protruding small stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this beautiful white flower is one large petal with the ovule being a bright yellow and the pisils being white.
this flower has a large white petal with a group of bright yellow anthers in the middle
a white flower with a yellow center and tall skinny white stamen.
this flower has a white funnel shaped petal with a yellow ovary.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by what appears to be on large, folded over petal surrounding the entire center.

this flower has petals that are pink with a flowery white stigma
the flower has purple petals and the stamen is seen as white.
the petals on this flower are pink with a white pistil.
this flower has a tiny white blossom at it's center surrounded by pointed hot pink petals with leaflike veins.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has veined purple spiked leaves surrounding white interior blossoms.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are very small.
a dark purple flower with a long stigma that has a white flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
a flower with one large purple petal that surround purple pistils with white petals springing from their tops.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has wide brightly orange colored rounded petals surrounding two small stamen.
this large yellow and orange wide petaled flower stands upright on a single stalk.
the flower has pretty oval shaped petals there large and colorful.
the flower has petals that are bright orange with orange stigma.
this flower is trumpet shape with wide orangish yellow petals and long stamen.
this flower has large bright orange petals with crinkled slightly edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has large, wide yellow petals whose ruffled edges are slightly orange.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is [pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has nice pink petals along with a green and red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this is a flower with long and curled pink petals on it and a long pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long skinny purple petals and purple stamens.
style and stamen stick out prominently from the center of the petals, which are pink and curl back towards the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.

this flower has yellow petals leaning down along with a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
the flower's yellow petals are large and drooping, with a pale yellow pollen tube at the center.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
a flower with bright yellow petals with a hint of brown.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this flower has long and broad yellow petals with a tracing of brown.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has large and thin yellow petals whose ends are slightly curled.

the flower has yellow petals as well as orange petals
the petals of the flower are round in shape and are bright yellow in color.
this bright yellow flower has many petals in a circular fashion
the flower is bright yellow and has a lot of small petals.
this bright yellow flower has lots of dense, small beautiful petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
a couple of flowers with yellow and orange coloration pedals.
this flower has a dense amount of small yellow petals and no visible pistil.
the bright yellow petals form a ball shape and the sepals are thin and green.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the flower is light pink with its petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged around the stamen in disc like manner
there are pale pink and white petals of this flower. the anther has a yellow appearance.
this flower has petals that are pink with spots of purple
this flower has five petals that are darker pink on the inside and lighter pink toward the edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink dots
this flower has five wide, almost triangular pale pink petals with rounded edges and a fuchsia center.
a flower with long and curled flowers that are pinka nd white.
the five petals are white with some pink streaks radiating from the center.

pink and purple petals make up this flower, with rich green leaves and a hidden inner stamen area.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
there are three flowers in this punch. two have light pink petals, one is a shade of periwinkle.
the row of flowers are symmetrical in shape, with pink and blue round petals arranged in circle.
the flower shown has pink and blue petals as its main feature
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
these flowers have pink and blue petals with green leaves underneath them.
this flower has petals that are pink and blue and has a purple center
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has a five pointed star configuration of rounded petals that are either blue or light pink in color.

the flower has a smooth yellow petal with a green pedicel and yellow stamen
these upward facing soft and shiny bright orange -yellow petals face upwards while having several stamen in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the stamen are yellow in color ant the petals are rounded in shape and yellow in color
this flower has large yellow petals and yellow anthers
the flower has a thin, pale green pedicel; bright yellow, rounded petals; and thin, yellow stamen and pistil clumped together.
a flower with yellow petals that are rounded at the top.
this flower has a handful of bright yellow petals with a matching colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded.

this flower has multiple groupings of red petals with a dark pistil area.
the flower is red in color with many arranged red colorec petals with smaller stamen and pistuil
there are many maroon colored pedals on this flower that are almost circular in shape.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely bunched together.
these are bunch of red color flower with rounded petals.
this flower has small orange petals clustered together in the form of a ball.
this flower has large red petals and long red stamens.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellowpatches
the flower has a set of white colored petals that seemed crumpled towards the edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
the petals are broad but thin at the edges, and are white with yellow spots toward the middle.
this flower has tall white stamen surrounded by wavy white oblong petals, some with yellow markings.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a white flower with large white floppy petals with yellow and black speckles on them.
this white and orange flower has wavy petals and pale green and brown stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a green stamen.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals of the flower are blue in color with yellow speckled insides.
the flower is blue and has petals that are smooth, soft and has petals that are forming a bell shape and enclosing the stamen
this is a royal blue flower with a unique, white and green speckled interior structure, and white tipped anthers.
this flower has petals that are blue with white stripes and black dots
this flower has conjoined tapered-tip petals in a vivid blue.
flower has long pistil with bright white stigma protruding from a trumpet shaped array of bright blue petals with olive and white spotted interiors.
a flower that has long, connected petals that are blue with speckles.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has a light yellow pistil with unique petals which are blue around the edges and yellow with dark spots it the middle.

this flower has long thing purple petals that curve outwards and long thing purple stamen coming out of the ovule.
the leaves of the flower are pink in color and have thin pink filaments.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very skinny
this flower has drooping purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has long and skinny light pink petals with even longer and skinnier pink stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
the pink petals are long and curled at the ends and the stamens are pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has bright yellow petals and green pedicel and sepal.
this flower has a bunch of bright fluffy yellow petals with no visible stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the bloom of the flower is yellow in color and is made of curled yellow petals.
this flower is a bright yellow and close together rounded petals
this flower has a round mound of tiny and very ruffled yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has a dome-like configuration that consists of many layers of small and crinkled yellow petals.
big yellow flower with lots of petals shaped like a big ball.

this orange tinted flower has light colored stamens inside it.
this flower has distinct, downturned rounded petals in red with orange edges.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has a petal that is orange in color and has a green stigma
this flower has orange scooped petals with dark centers and white stigma.
this red flower has red petals that are slightly tinted with orange around the edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has small stamen
this orange flower with long drooping petals has a small white stigma.
this flower has orange petals with yellow along the edges of the petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.,
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a middle that is bright pink in color.
the flower has pink petals that are sharp and very light in color.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of purple
this flower has petals that are pink with dark pink centers.
this is a pink flower with five petals that gets darker pink toward the receptacle.
the petals are fluffy and pink, with any style hidden deep inside the petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffle and darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red center
a flower with five pink petals and a bright pink stamen.

the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled along the edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.
this bright red flower has smooth petals that curl outwards and back, revealing white stamens.
this flower has red petals with divided edges and yellow anthers.
this flower has conjoined red petals which are soft and round-edged.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow patch
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow patch

this flower has several large overlapping petals of yellow with large orange accents.
the flower has long petals that are yellow with orange spots.
this flower has large yellow petals with orange spots and an orange stigma on it
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange blotches
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted yellow and orange in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has large yellow petals with irregular orange markings on them.
a bright yellow and orange petaled flower with a short yellow stigma.

this flower has several layers of upturned pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is made up of multiple rows of elongated petals that are pink on the outside and white on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has soft pink petals with smooth pointed edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white sepals with green tips underneath layers of slightly pointed pink petals.
this flower has white sepals with green tips underneath layers of slightly pointed pink petals.

this flower has large, overlapping white petals with ruffled edges and accents of pink and yellow.
the flower has petals that are white with dark pink edges and pale yellow centers.
red tipped white petals with distinctive white filament and purple anthers.
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the faded petals are flushed in bright pink bellowing over the anther
this flower has wide and ruffled white petals with yellow centers and pink edges.
this flower has frilly petals of white, edged with bright pink and shading to yellow at center.
this flower is yellow, white, and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has pink edges
the flower has wavy soft petals that are white with pink edges.

this flower has petals that are orange with red lines
a flower with a hanging ribbed red and orange petals and cluster of red stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this downward pointing flower of five orange and red petals has a just barely noticeable cluster of stamen.
sepals are green,petals are rounded in shape and are brown inc olor
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that have dark veins.
this flower hangs upside down with petals having net like patterns.
a flower with long and wide petals that are orange with purple lines.
this flower hangs down with yellow and red highlighted petals with a darker red stamen.

this flower has shiny red petals, black filaments, and a brown pistil.
the large orange petals of this flower are around a large pistil of black filaments and anthers.
a red flower with tiny black filament and anther in side the large petals.
this flower has petals that are red with black and white stamen.
this flower is red, black, and white in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
this flower has very large orange petals that overlap each other and small black stamen.
this flower has deep red petals as well as black stamen.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has a black fluffy center surrounded by wide red petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled downward.
petals are rounded in shape,they are red in color, and leaves are green in color
the flower shown has thick green pedicel with red petals and yellow anther
a flower with broad red petals and bright yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has downward facing blooms, red petals, a green stems, green leaves, and it has 3 blooms on it.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pedicel.
a red and purple flowers with dull golden long stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has large red petals and small red stamen with white stigma.

a purple flower with rough petals and green stamen surrounding a dark purple stigma.
the flower has five bright purple petals and bright green stamens.
there are six petals on this flower. there stigma have a neon green appearance.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
flower with textured pink and purple petals and a green stamen.
this flower has large bright purple petals with ruffled edges and a green center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
the petals of this flower are dark pink and white and the pedicel is green
this 5 petaled flower has purple petals and long, green stamen.
this flower has bright green filaments and five bright purple petals.

this flower has six pointed purple petals with leaf like striations.
the flower has purple petals with yellow anther and filament
this lavender colored flower has sharp stamen and petals with pointed edges.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are blue with veins.
the narrow dark purple and white petal are accompanied with white stigma and light yellow stamen.
the purple flower has long oval shaped petals with visible filament and stigma.
this flower has thin white stamen surrounded by long pointy-tipped purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has thin yellow filaments and purple petals with pointed tips.

this is a large flower with white petals and purple stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
leaves are green in color,the petals are light purple with many stamens
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
a flower with light purple petals and with dark purple stamen and pistil.
this six petal flower is a pale shade of purple, with rounded and pointed tipped petals, and many thin dark purple stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright white colored.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has light purple petals shaped in a star and thin purple filament.

this flower is simple, with purple petals separated by steaks of white and pink, surrounding a white center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the centers.
the flower shown has a very large purple petal with white stamen
this rounded purple flower is bell shaped with conjoined petals which have small white centers.
this flower has circular purple petals as its main feature.
this is a purple flower with purple pedals that turn white next to a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red dashes
a circle purple flower with a deep white stigma and red markings.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are light in the center.
this flower has a large light purple and white petal with a white pistil.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the ends.
the flower shown has several orange petals that overlap and a yellow center.
this flower has a bright yellow petal surrounding the yellow anther
this flower is bright yellow and orange, with numerous layers of ruffle-edged petals.
an orange flower with long orange petals and a large yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
there are several layers of jagged edged, long, narrow bright yellow orange petals in a star configuration.
an orange flower with three layers of orange petals and a cluster of short yellow stamen at it's center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has multiple rows of bright yellow petals with small notches at the end.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches
a christmas tree looking purple flower with a green stem.
this flower has several smooth and slightly rounded petals in various shades of bright pink.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are pink and red with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are bright pink and orange and the sepals are bright green.
this flower has vertical blossoms along its stem which are pale pink and veined.
this flower has pink to orange with white highlighted petals on a green pedicel.
this pink and red flower has a pedicil and petals.
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

this flower has a a lot of white petals with a yellow center without any stamen
this flower has hard curved white and yellow petals that wrap around the flower in an overlapping patern.
only the five white and yellow petals are visible in this flower where no piston, stamen or stigma are shown.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with multi colored petals that are white and yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and has shades of white
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a white flower with yellow bottom petals and the pedicel are green
the flower has cream and yellow colored petals arrange in a star shape around the stigma.
a flower with petals that are white on one side and yellow on the other.

the petals of the flower are orange in color and are arranged in a cluster.
the flower shown has small yellow and orange petals which are its main feature
flower has wide, circular orange and red petals with white stigma in the center.
this is a small orange flower with a white stigma.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are darker in some areas.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
a flower with short and wide petals that are orange.
the petals of the flower are a bright orange color, and the stamens are a dull white color.
this flower has petals that are orange and have shades of yellow
the flower has small round petals that are deep yellow and orange.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is dark red with overlapping petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of overlapping red petals.
this is a flower with round bright red petals and yellow anther and filaments.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has small yellow stamen with long oval shaped red petals.
this large red flower has red petals and black and yellow stamen.
the red petals are slightly ruffled and encircle a cluster of stamen with golden colored anther.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are pink on the outside layer and white on the inside layer
this flower has petals that are white with red centers and shaped like a star.
this flower has a layer of white petals with a dark purple center and a lower layer of pink petals.
this flower has pink petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has soft white and pink petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink and white petals with tiny yellow stamen.
this flower has five large pink petals on the outside and five smaller pink petals on the inside.
this flower has a row of elongated pink petals under a row of white clam shaped petals.

this flower has large wide yellow petals with ruffled edges and a smattering of bright orange accents.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange dots
the petals on this flower are yellow with orange dots.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
the petals of this flower are yellow and have dark orange dots on them
the flower has wavy soft yellow petals with orange dots.
flower with white petals and orange spots on a thick green stem.

a bell-shaped flower with red and white petals, green pedicel, and red sepals
this flower has petals that are red with a white strip and green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are red with white lines
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
the petals on this flower are big and red and have white stripes on them
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
a flower with red and white petals surrounding long white stamen with light red anther filament.
the flower has yellow and white stamen and red and white petals.

this flower has thin white and purple petals as its main feature.
the flower has petals that are purple, yellow or white.
the flower has two solid purple petals and four white petals with black stipes.
this flower has purple petals, yellow petals, as well as green pedicel and sepal.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the ovule.
the flower has purple and white petals and white pollen tube with little stamens
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines
this asymmetrical flower has purple petals and yellow petals with black stripes, and rounded petals.
this flower is purple, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored.

this flower has petals that are white with purple and white stamen
outer petals are white in colr,ine peals are purple
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
the flower shown has purple sepal and blue white and purple petals
this flower has a white petal with a purple pedicel
this flower ha smooth white petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
the petals are white colored and the anther are bright orange.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has light green elongated petals under long needle like petals that are lavender white and purple.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals on this flower are red with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and pink with green stamen
this flower has layers of overlapping white pink petals which are pointed and have leaflike veins.
this flower has yellow and pink petals and green pistil as its main features
this flower has large pointed leaves in red and white, with delicate veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has pink shading
this particular flower has petals that are red and yellow
this flower is characterized by its unique pink and white petal coloration as well as its tiny,green pistil.
this flower has petals in a variety of sizes and pink and white colors.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are rounded.
these tiny purple flowers has a lot of petals with yellow in the middle
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
a purple flower with star shaped petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this small flower has petite purple petals with yellow colored centers that maybe anthers.
these flowers have violet petals that are rounded and the stigmas are yellow
this flower is pink in color, with petals in a star pattern.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
the flowers are pink with five smaller petals coming off.

the pretty flower has large yellow petal with a horn shape petal in it center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
a bright yellow flower with with six petals in back, and a bell in the center.
this flower features a consistent set of yellow stamen and petals.
bright yellow pointed petals that form a star shape around one large circular yellow petal with a yellow stigma and yellow stamens.
a golden flower with a pinwheel shaped base and a bell shaped section in front.
this flower has a ruffled inner trumpet surrounded by tapered yellow petals.
this flower has six bright yellow, pointed petals and yellow anthers and filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has yellow petals that make up a star-like shape with a trumpet shaped petal in the center.

this flower has five large white petals which are very round and wide.
the petals on this flower are red with a white pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has white pistil and red petals as its main features
this deep red trumpet shaped flower has petals which fuse together around the central pistil with veins clearly visible.
this flower has five petals that are burgundy petals that surround the stamen and pistil.
this flower is red and it has a small white stamen.
this flower has a yellow receptacle with light red sepals and round dark red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curved at the edges.

this flower has red and white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are red or white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has mostly bright red petals but a couple of pale white petals with deep veins.
this flower has white and bright mixed color with reproductive parts prominently seen
this flower is white and red in color, with leaf likepetals.
the flower has both red and white leaves surrounding a tight bunch of about a dozen small red petaled budding flowers.
this flower has white and red petals with green stamen
this flower has leaf-like petals with veins in shades of red and white.

the petals on this flower are really thin and yellow and the pistil is round and yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has yellow pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the pistil of this flower is of radial symmetry petals brightly yellow colored. there are stamen in the center which are of the same color of the stamen. no stigma visible.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and a round yellow pistil.
this flower has a ray-like arrangement of skinny yellow petals sitting upon a dark pink and green receptacle and pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has stringy stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

the petals of the flowers are yellow in color and have a center that is brown in color.
this flower has a yellow color on petals, as well as dark amber filament and anthers.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower looks like a sunflower with yellow petals and brown in the inside.
this flower has overlapping petals that are orange or yellow, with brown stamen.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright yellow petals with notches in their top edge.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has layers of thick orange petals with rounded edges.
this yellow orange flower has toothed petals and dark red filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers

this flower has purple petals and green pistil as its main features
the flower is so big that has petals that are pink, thick, smooth and forming a disc like shape below the disc of stamens that are blue
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with stringy stamen
this flower has petals that are purple with purple filaments and green anthers.
this flower has long oval lavender petals, with spiky purple petals above that and green pistil.
this flower is white, pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are light pink and some are long and thin and purple colored with white stripes.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen

this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has orange petals and a yellowish stigma and greenish pedicel.
this flower has orange and red petals with white pistil as its main features
the flower has multiple orange petals surrounding white stamen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.
white stigma with dark orange at the bottom flowing into lighter orange petals
this flower is orange in color, with rounded and thin petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
these bright orange flowers have five petals each grouped up in a cluster of three.

this flower has petals that are light pink with pink stamen.
a purple flower with a dark purple stigma and a brown pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wilted and wavy.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft and has separate petals and also the stamen is sticking out from the centre
this flower is star shaped with rounded edges, the petals are light purple with white stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly pink, and white is the color of the stamen.
this flower has five slightly linked pale pink petals with a ruffled texture.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and uneven.
this flower has frilly petals of pinkish lavender shaded to dark magenta at center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple center

this flower has a rounded red petal with a lot of yellow anthers
this flower has reddish petals that have noticeable veining and overlap.
the flower is bowl shaped and has red petals that are separated and surrounding the stamen
the flower has red petals surrounding the yellow anther and filament
this flower is red in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has red petals with a fair amount of yellow stamen with small anther.
five tightly shaped closed in red oval shaped petals with yellow stamens.
a red flower with many stamen at it's center pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has dense yellow stamen inside of a cupped arrangement of red petals.

based on the petals of the flower on the stem, is the flower blooming or dying?
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
sepals are green in color,pedicel is green and the petals are light pink in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and pink with green pedicel.
this pale pink flower has uniquely shaped and a peculiar shaped stenmen
this flower has pale pink petals which are rounded, with slightly curled edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
a pink rose with pink petals that wrap around the center in a tight formation.

this flower is in red and yellow color, with petals that are oddly shaped and wavy.
this flower has long slender orange and yellow twisted petals and very long stamen.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and and ruffled along the edges.
this unusual medium flower has waxy pointed petals in red and orange.
the flower petals are smaler in size and needle shaped and pink in color
this flower has upward-facing long thin red petals with ruffled yellow edges.
this flower has skinny red petals that have yellow edges
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red with yellow edging.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has long, thin petals that are crinkled at the ends and pink and yellow in color.

this flower has yellow pistil and purple petals as its main features
white petals white and purple inner pedals green purple and white middle green leaves
the flower is unique because the middle has filaments in squiggles
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with stringy purple stamen
this flower has long light green petals and purple filaments with a prominent star-shaped pistil.
this flower has rounded pale petals beneath a fringe of purple and white.
this flower is green, white, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has rounded white petals and wavy purple filaments.

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged in different layers around stamens that has yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are bright pink with many yellow stamen.
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamen on it
this bright pink flower has many yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright pink petals, a light pink ovule, light pink stamen and yellow anther filaments.
this flower is made up of three rows of pink clam shaped petals that surround a bright yellow stamen.

this flower has yellow pistil and smooth yellow petals as its main features
this flower is yellow with rounded petals which overlap slightly and have red marks.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange patches
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the flower has yellow stamen and has yellow and orange round petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
this flower has yellow petals containing, orange, leaf shaped, spots at the base of the petal.
this yellow and orange flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by rounded yellow petals with orange markings.

the petals on this flower are pink with pink veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with dark red lines
light and dark purple petals green white middle light green leaves
a flower with ribbed pink and red petals and central cluster of green stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have dark veins.
the flower has five pink petals with red veins throughout the petals.
this flower has five soft and conjoined pink petals with fuchsia veins.
this flower has bright pink petals with darker pink markings on them.
this flower has light purple with dark red petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines

a light purple flower with a green stigma and yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are pink and curled along the edges with a small yellow center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has a green bulb and yellow stamen inside wide pink petals.
this flower is light purple and yellow in color, and has petals tat are uneven along the edges.
this flower has very light purple petals with circular orange stamen.
the flower is big with separate petals that are pink and arranged in disc like manner below the disc of separate stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a pink petal and a light green stamen
this flower has several overlapping layers of thick, smooth petals in shades of pink.
broad, dark pink colored petals that fade to a pinkish-white throughout the petal itself.
flower has petals that are large overlapping and dark pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has oblong petals that are varying shades of pink and white in color.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
there are several slightly mottled pink oval petals in a cup formation with no visible stamen or pistil.

this flower is composed of five rounded yellow petals with orange brush bases and yellow stamen.
round yellow petals with darts of red toward the center and feathery projections pointing toward anthers.
a yellow flowers with orange highlights surrounded by large leaves
the petals of the flower are yellow and orange while the stamen is orange and yellow.
this bright yellow rippled leaves with a dash of orange on each petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange spots
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has golden yellow petals and a green pedicel
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.
this flower has small rounded bright yellow petals with orange markings.

this flower has light greens sepals and thin lavender petals.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with purple stamen
the flower has large oval white petals and thin purple petals.
the petals on this flower are green with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has wide green petals beneath a round layer of purple hairy fringe.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
the stamens of the flower are in the shape of a circle, and have various shades of purple, white, and maroon throughout.
this flower is white, green, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large open green petals topped by needle shaped lavender white and maroon petals.

this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this is a beautiful pink flower, it is shaped like a candy dish, the pistil is large and dome shaped.
the flower has pink and white petals with a brown pedicel
this flower features pinkish-white petals with leaves of green along the outside.
numerous small pointed light pink petals encircle a large white central pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has a dense amount of light pink petals and a large round pistil.
a scaling of light-pink petals surrounding an inner arrangement of white petals curved slightly inward to protect a white dome-like open faced structure of stamen.
this flower has pale pink petals, arranged uniformly and cross-hatched.

this flower has a thick yellow center surrounded by several large and very ruffled white petals.
this flower has a single layer of very large ruffled white petals with an area of yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the sepals are not seen the petals are white while the inside part is yellow.
this white flower has toothed petals and a yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has large white petals with a large yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wilted.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has very large white petals with uneven edges and a wrinkled texture.

these large pink flowers have white tubular centers.
the flower shown has pink petals and is white on the inside.
the petals of the flower are bright pink and the inside of the flower is pale yellow.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that arewavy.
these flowers feature large pink and white petals and a lighter, yellow-based center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has five large, wide petals whose ruffled edges are bright pink.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
the petals on this flower are mostly pink and purple with yellow inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
dark red pedals yellow middle long brown stands dark green leaves
a pointed pink and red flower with tiny yellow filament and anther.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
the stamen being tall allows for pollination to occur.
this flower has bright red petals with long and tapered tips.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly red in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the petals of the flower are a bright red color, and the stamens are a vibrant yellow color.

a round flower with yellow petals and yellow stamen in the center.
this bright orange flower has elongated petals that are frayed at the outer edges and fade into yellow toward to orange stamen.
the flower is a beautiful bright orange color both the petals and the center
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are skinny and pointed on the ends.
this warm yellow flower has many petals that are shaped like tear drops.
a large orange flower with a large center in circumference.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has orange petals that has yellow shading in the center
this is a flower with several smaller petals that are bright orange and yellow in color, the petals are toothed at the edge.
this flower has layers of long thin orange petals with ruffled tips.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this red flower has one large petal with long stamens that have orange anthers.
the petals on this flower are red with white tipped stamen.
the petals are cone-shaped and bright pink and the stigma is yellow.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has a tube shaped with five rounded petals protruding from its mouth.
a flower with burnt red petals that are curved outward.
this flower has petals that are pink and makes a bell shape
this strange looking flower has a reddish color with closed bulbs
a pink flower with pink buds and yellow anther and the sepals are green

this is a large flower with pink petals and green ovary.
the petals are hot pink with purple at the ends while the receptacle is dark green.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are very skinny and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
seapls ae green in color,petals are red in color and are smaller in size
this flower has a thick green spiked bulb topped with long spiky red petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has pointy pink petals atop a dark brown/purple pedicel.
this flower has short spiky green and pink sepals and a large number of thin spiky pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

a small flower with a brownish red "veiny" petals and a long red pistil and stamens.
this flower is brown in color, with petals that are curved downward.
this drooping flower has a large pollen tube surrounded by veined orange petals.
this is an orange veined flower that droops downward with darker veins and many reproductive structures that extrude downward.
the flower shown has a peach petal which is dropping and red anther
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark imprints
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are brown
this flower has a prominent dark pistil surrounded by a shallow cup-like formation of light orange petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are orange and pink and the pedicel is green

the petals on this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigma
this is a large flower with red petals and white stigma.
the petals on this flower are red with white flowers.
this flower has bright pink leaves with tapered tips and tiny white blooms.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stamen
the flower has white pistil and triangle shaped pink petals.
this flower has large, hot pink petals with a a smaller white stigma.
the white stamens stand out from the red petals and green leaves.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower shown has little pink petals with dark pink pistil
the petals of the flower are red in color and have anthers in the center that are red in color.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower has many overlapping red petals and many red stamen.
this flower has a larg round dark pink center with layers of long narrow dark pink petals and smaller ones near the center.
this flower has petals that are red with dark red stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has many pink petals as well as pink stamen.
this flower has 2 rows of long, thin, pointed, pink petals and a ring of short pink petals around a darker pink center.

