A boy is practicing jumping on his skateboard. 
A double-decker bus is stopped along a curb.
a child in a kitchen on a chair at the sink
A child reading a book, while a cat rests next to her.
A white cat sticking his head out through something.
Motorycles parked and lined up beside each other
there is a green train that is passing by the station
A man standing by a refrigerator with a baby sitting on top of it. 
A person swinging at a tennis ball on a court.
Lime green walls in a clean home kitchen
An assortment of vegetables and fruit on display for sale.
a cat laying next to a shoe on the ground
A dog on the beach with some people who also have a surfboard.
A bearded man holding a sign near a railing.
A cat that is sitting on top of a fridge.
A man skateboards down a road in front of a tractor. 
A lot of computers that are on a computer desk.
a green tour bus driving down the road
Cup of coffee on the desk in front of keyboard
A plate of corn, broccoli, and some beef with a fork. 
A black and brown dog wearing a hat and scarf.
A mens bathroom filled with toilets for men. 
A dog is very interested in a pizza that is on the table.
police sitting on a street blocking people in a certain section
Tire marks carve paths down a snow covered street.
A girl touching a horse in front of a building
a room with a big bed with a wooden head board 
A small efficiency bathroom with two sinks at different levels.
A picture of a living room from the top.
a woman eating in front of a painting 
Two computer monitors are on a brown table.
A dark colored street car trollet near a wooden telephone pole.
Me and vegetables being cooked inside a silver pot. 
children in a gym playing a game of badminto
A Yorkshire Terrier is looking out the window of a house.
A black cat laying down on a tile floor in a kitchen.
a typical bathroom that looks very cramped and crowded
Two girls are sitting on blankets in a grassy area while using their phones.
The individual is putting money into the parking meter. 
A kitchen area with a counter, silver refrigerator and microwave.
A single horse walking on a rocky trail.
A healthy vegetable dish with broccoli is served.
A couple sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
A bird perched on a branch in a forest.
A motorcycle outside parked somewhere in a park-like setting.
People getting onto a stadium bus on a sunny day
A double decker bus is driving past some skyscrapers.
A person sitting in the snow near several skis and poles. 
A woman with a scrunched up face and a camera covering one of her eyes.
A young boy sitting on a wooden chair with a teddy bear.
Across the street from a bank, a shirtless man with a green tattoo is skateboarding.
Four buses parked in a lot near a large tent.
A soda can, a pen, a cell phone and a fruit drink mix packet sitting on a table with a computer keyboard.
A suitcase as well as other types of luggage are propped up on a carpeted floor indoors.
a man is laying on a surfboard riding a wave
King sized bed with painting tucked underneath end
A piece of paper with the images of three hot dogs on it.
Chef at counter with baked goods, baking pans and containers of toppings.
Someone is standing in front of the toilet.
A half eaten cake sitting on a pan with candy.
A young man prepare to pitch in a game of baseball.
A small brown dog curled up in sleep.
three women surfers are practicing with their boards on the sand
A bus driving past a large herd of goats.
A vase that has wheat inside of it. 
A young boy in baseball catcher's gear looks through chain link fence.
A black cat with an aluminum foil hat on it
an image of a bowl of tomatoes and a flower
A variation of vegetables are placed on the sheet.
A hot dog with bacon and mustard packs. 
A jet airplane is flying through the sky just above the highway as a group of cars stay to the left side of the road.
zucchini, bean, broccoli and a small basket of strawberries on the counter.
a man stands over an area with a couple of giraffes in it 
A man taking a bite of a sandwich without using his hands 
A man asleep on a toilet in a bathroom.
Three animals rest in the shade of a large tree.
A man sitting at a table in front of a frothy item.
A bunch of animals in a snowy field
One of the park benches along the water is crushed in.
A toilet lid is closed next to a bathtub with a white curtain and pink tile wall.
The bathroom includes an extra long sized sink.
A shopping center decorated for Christmas with snowflakes and clock tower.
Tourists photographing a steam locomotive pulling into a station.
A city street at night line with street lights.
a boy that is surfing in some water
a kid stands in the snow on his skiis
A dog dressed in a biker costume on a small bike.
The young girl is playing tennis on the court outside. 
Four different food dishes including rice and chicken.
a beach with a bunch of lawn chairs on it
A kid with a tie on in a room.
A bird that has its wings stretched out on a beach. 
some red metal scaffolding that leads to some clocks on the top 
A doughnut covered in nuts sitting in a blue bowl. 
A large number of fresh vegetables have been stacked together.
The is a small herd of cows in the grassy field.
Two bacon wrapped hot dogs are served on a plate.
two giraffes under a tent at a zonn
A person sitting on as bench with a backpack.
a white sink and a white toilet with a black lid
Woman in green shirt sitting on a green chair working on laptop. 
A man standing next to a skateboard on a sidewalk.
A piece of bread with whipped cream and sauce on it. 
A WOMAN AND A DOG IS SURFING IN THE BEACH
A crowd of people are filing into a city bus.
A mint green bus rides down the street.
a black red and white sign and some trees
A group of basket ball players in action on the court.
A random Giraffe is standing in front of a double door. 
A man getting ready to serve a tennis ball.
A wooden grandfather clock with a pendulum bob at the bottom.
A smiling young girl stands next to a young boy on a bike.
A filed of flowers with a yellow bird there.
A man in a park, flies his kite with a long tail.
A dark picture shows a man in a suit and tie with a device around his neck and a second in his hand. 
Two women are playing a Wii game at a banquet hall.
A woman having two pieces of birthday cake.
A woman with long hair eating a slice of pizza
A plate of food is displayed on a surface.
A toilet in a tiny space with a roll of paper on the ledge
An old stove that some one has thrown out in the garbage.
A zebra that looks very similar to a donkey standing next to a smashed up bucket.
a bird landing on a beach towel at the beach
Something knitted is lying on top of a laptop.
Living area of residence with chairs and bookshelves.
A car is stopped at a traffic light on a road next to a river.
Pitchers and bowls of items are sitting on the counter top
A man on a tennis court about to hit the ball.
