this flower has droopy pink petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping downward.
a pink flower with dropping petals and an orange stigma that sits on top.
the flower shown has pink petals which are drooping and a green pedicel
the flower has drooping fuchsia petals surrounding a large, bulbous orange and black center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are purple
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a single layer of long light purple petals in a circular formation.
this pink flower has pointed petals, orange and green stamen and a bright green pedicel.
flower, echinacea, long green pedicel, numerous purple-pinkish petals that radiate outward or droop, in center of flower multitude of dark golden stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigma
this flower has a tiny central white blossom surrounded by pointed pink petals which are veined and leaflike.
this flower seems to have a joint petal surrounding that is purple with three inner pollen tubes with sunflower like tops that have white petals
outer petals are pink in color,inner petals are white incolor
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
a dark velvet pedaled flower with a white long stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
this flower has large dark pink petals with bright white stigmas.
this flower has pink leaves with veins surrounding tiny white blooms in the center.
this flower has hot pink broad petals each with a white floret.

this large blossom has soft white petals with ruffled edges.
white petals with a yellow stigma in the center
white lacy shaped petals. this is shaped like a pentagon with streaks of yellow/green running through through the tips of each "petal".
this flower has a pentagon of white petals with yellow lining the interior.
a starfish shaped white and light yellow petal surrounds the center pistils of off white and yellow.
this flower has a large funnel shaped petal with uneven edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.
the petal of the flower is white and the pistil is olive yellow
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

the petals of these flowers are soft white and pale yellow and arranged in a fanlike shape, resting atop a pale pink pedicel.
the flower shown has smooth white and yellow petals with purple pedicel
this flower has large white petals with a yellow center on it
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and have a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this particular flower has petals that are white and yellow
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has five round soft petals that are white and yellow colored.
this flower has a light pink stem with a spiraling configuration of five smooth white and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white and jagged with green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the flower is white with petal that is fused, soft and enclosing stamens and also the petal has curly edges
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have yellow veins.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a funnel-like white petal with yellow veins.
the white flower has a frilly cone shape with broad green leaves.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

the petals on this flower are like white tissue paper surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower has very pale white, wilted and wrinkly petals with a bright yellow ovule and style and many yellow pollen tubes.
the flower has a white sheet like petal with yellow anther in the center
the flowers has petals that are crinkled and white with golden filaments.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wilted in appearance.
the flower has large white petals that are wrinkled and surround a ball of golden stamen.
this flower has large white petals that are very wrinkled in texture and many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a rounded yellow globe center and very ruffled white petals.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower shown has yellow petals surrounding the yellow anther
very thin bright yellow petals that are folded in to create a round flower.
large, greenish-yellow petals that encompass the pistil and stamen (as a sort of enclosure).
the petals on this flower are yellow in color and roundish.
this bright yellow flower has overlapping petals surrounding the inner pistil, which is also yellow in color.
this flower has vivid yellow colored petals that wrap themselves around a yellow stamen.
this flower has semi-large yellow petals that are wrapped towards the center like a sphere, the pistils are greenish yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are just beginning to open.
this flower has yellow petals that bunch up and form a protective layer.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has dark blue to violet petals arranged in an arc getting progressively lighter toward the pistil.
this flower has large purple petals with white insides and thin small white anther
this flower has blue petals with a tad of pink at the bottom.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with a short style
a flower with long and rounded petals that are blue.
this flower has bright blue funnel shaped petal with a white ovary.
this particular flower has petals that are blue and pink
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a center that is light purple in color.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center

the petals on this flower are orange with white stamen.
this flower has overlapping orange petals which are smooth with rounded edges.
petals are rounde in shape,they are orange and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
a yellow small flower has some orange lines inside the flower and alternating green leaves
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
two young flowers are ripening next to an older, orange one.
a flower that is short and wide and dark yellow.

leaves ae green in color,flower is white pink and the anthers are white in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white in near the ovule.
a dark purple petal with white in the middle small green leaves
this pink and white flower has a circular continuous petal and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with a patch of white
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are fused at sepal and starting as a narrow tube suddenly flaring the fused petals forming a circular shape
this trumpet shaped flower has a white center and stamen and dark pink petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
the petals of this flower are white near the pedicel and change to pink towards the outer edge.
this flower has a round shape with petals that are pink in color with a white bottom.

this flower has pink petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has layers of smooth round white petals with pink tips.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with white shading
the flower has petals that are white with pink edges, the edges are wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has pink outer petals and white inner petals.
oval shaped sepals with diagonal line imprints surround white petals outlined with pink edges.
this flower has layers of smooth petals that are white with brighter edges.
this flower has spiraling layers of pale petals whose edges are bright pink.

this petals on this flower are purple with reddish stamen.
this flower has partially conjoined pink petals with slightly pointed edges which give it a slightly trumpet like shape.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
many red colored stamen with larger dark pink anthers
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
a flower with bright pink petals and long pink stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink with red spots
these flowers have pink cone shaped petals with pink stamen in the center embedded on green pedals.
this bright pink flower is made of four oblong petals and features long pink filaments with darker pink anther.
fluted speckled pink petals with long thin pink and brown tipped stamen.

the petals are pointy and it has two colors yellow and blue.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
the petals on this flower are orange with purple pistils.
this is a very exotic flower with bright yellow and blue petals.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
a sharp and distinctive array of long yellow petals, and blue pistil erupting from a deep purple sepal.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has a horizontal bud with long yellow petals emerged vertically.
this flower has many long pointy orange petals and a large purple stamen

this flower has petals that are yellow with bits of red
this yellow flower has many soft peals with a bright red blotch of color on them.
flower with light yellow petals with red flame on center and small thin filaments on the stamen
five cream colored petals with orange splotches on the base of each petal.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this blossom is made up of individual pale yellow petals with a bright red spot at the base of each petal.
this flower has five petals that are yellow with red spots.
the petals of this flower are white and red and the pedicel is green
flower has five off white petals with orange spots near the center loosely arranged over an open interior.

the orange and golden petals of this flower are arranged in a somewhat rounded shape.
the petals are yellow in color and are tightly close together no stamen is seen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the petals of this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has a round, globe-like shape consisting of a large number of very small orange petals.
this flower has a mounded pile of small and ruffled orange petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is ruffled together
this yellow and orange flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower appears to be fluffy and has dense petals with neon bright color.

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this is a flower with long pink petals that are facing upward.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this smallish pink flower has dark green leaves, and its stamen is concealed behind the petals.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a flower with long and narrow petals that are curvy.
the petals of the flower are pink and the pedicel is dark brown
these flowers has hot pink colored petals sitting on brown tiny vines and dasrk green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the five petal vibrant pink flower comes out of a brown pedicel and ends in a point as it opens to the sky above.

this bright red flower, has one stamen sticking up i'm the middle.
the flower has a red waxy leaf with a yellow pistil and a pointed red end.
this large blossom has one shiny large red petal, wide with a pointed tip, and a protruding white pollen tube tipped with yellow.
this flower is shiny red in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has one very large glossy red petal and a fat protruding stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big white style
this flower is red in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
this flower has bright red petals and a long white pistil.
the white and yellow pistil rises prominently above a glossy red petal.
this single petal bright red flower has a glossy appearance and a thick white pistil.

the bottom layer of the flower is purple and the middle is light purple made of strings.
a purple flower with little stands curling from the bottom and large petals on top.
this flower has a white pistil with green pedicel and purple petals
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals and a purplish-white colored stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
a flower that has long and curly pistils that is purple.
this flower has long purple petals bent back from a center with many long fringes of purple and an elaborate center.

this flower has small purple petals with yellow anther as its main features
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is bright purple with dark purple lines on its petals and has yellow anthers.
several thin, purple petals that surround a ring of yellow stamen with a dark purple center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
a purple and dark purple pinwheel shaped flower with a large center.
this flower has long and round-tipped pale purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has long, pink, striped petals with an amethyst and yellow dotted stamen center.
this flower has long, purple pedals that show striping, and contains a pistil that forms a yellow circle.

this dainty pink flower has upright petals and multiple yellow stamen on a long stem.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have yellow anthers with a green stalk.
the stamen on this flower is round and is yellow and the petals are pink
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker at the tips.
the petals on this flower blend from a darker pink into a much lighter shade and surround a yellow ovule and stamen.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma
this flower is made up of lots of layers of pink flowers that surround a bright yellow stamen.

the flower has petals that are small and dark orange.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and bunched.
a flower with individual clusters of red petals which have at their center a white stamen bunch
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has a cluster grouping of small broad red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded and bunched closely.
this flower grows in bunches and has fan shape red petals with darker pistils.
this flower has salmon colored petals that are bunched together over a long narrow green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
the petals on this flower are bright red with yellow pistil in the center
this is a flower with dark red petals on it and yellow anthers.
this flower has red petals, orange stamen, and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals are deep red, in contrast to the yellow stamens and filaments.
this flower has bright red petals that are oval in shape and a grouping of yellow stamen at its center.
this flower has a dark red petal and yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a large red flower with a dark golden stigma center.

this is a flower with light redish petals in which the stamen is also about the same color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen
this orange flower has layers of petals that surround think stamen.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have a green stalk attached to them.
there are many flowers per stem and the petals are very round and a soft orange.
multiple flowers sit in a bunch at the end of the pedicel that are a light reddish color.
this flower has petals that are red and has red stamen
this sharp red flower has petals and a pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded.

a flower with very many narrow petals that are yellow in the center and light orange at the edge.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has yellow and peach petals with yellow anther and filament
the flower has greenl leafs with pale yellow petals that are closely arranged with yellow colored stamen
this flower has several layers of slightly tapered petals in shades of peach and yellow.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white and light red.
this flower has a bunch of small pale pink petals that are very close together along with a few yellow petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has pink and yellow petals that have many layers
this flower has layers of tapered peach colored petals with a pale yellow center.

this flower is star shaped with petals and its stamen is yellowish
this flower has smooth white pointed petals with a rounded yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the large white cupped petals of this flower surround a large yellow pistil.
this white star shaped flower has a round yellow stigma in the center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ovals shaped.
this flower has a yellow stamen and layers of white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has thick white petals with smooth edges and yellow stamen in the inside of it
this flower has a large yellow pistil and layers of white petals.

this flower's petals are deep magenta with a bright yellow star pattern toward the yellow pistil.
the pretty flower has large red petals with yellow at its center.
this flower has bright red petals with a bright yellow star pattern in the middle
these flowrs have vibrant magenta petals with yellow within the interior.
partly fused magenta petals with yellow center and yellow anthers in the middle.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this pink and yellow flower has many rounded petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has bright pink petals with yellow at their base and very short yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are heart shaped.

the petals, anthers, pistil, stamen, and style of the flower are all yellow in color.
this vibrant yellow-petaled flower is the same shade throughout its exterior.
bright yellow flower with large round petals, and same brightly colored pistil.
the flower shown has yellow petals as well as yellow anther and filament
this is a yellow flower with round petals and yellow pollen tubes
this flower has shiny yellow petals that are rounded, smooth, and cupped slightly upward.
this bright yellow flower has large petals with a spider on it
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a satellite shape
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the flower has a large smooth yellow petal as well as yellow stamen.

the flower petals are rounded in shape and are red in color
this is a flower that has round red petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has smooth shiny red petals with round edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen surrounded by thick rounded red petals with veins.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are red and wrinkled and the pistil is yellow
this flower has a large yellow pistil with bright red petals.

a large group of bells that are blue on this flower.
the plants is made of layered blue flowers and are on a green stalk.
on this flower fat, blue, bell-like petals cluster on a green stem.
the flower has blue petals that are fused and they are often open with white border
this flower has a thick green stem and many vertical layers of rounded purple-blue petals.
a flower with short and wide petals that are blue.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this particular flower has petals that are small and blue
the berries on the flower are dark blue in color and are arranged in clusters.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together

this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
sepals are green in color,flower is blue in color and is capsule in shape
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this trumpet like blue flower has conjoined petals which point outwards in a star shape.
the flower shown has blue petals and a white style.
these flowers are blue cone shaped with yellow buds in the middle.
the petals are blue and a white stamen and alternating leaves are green
this flower has blue petals with green lines and white stigma
this purple flower grows low to the ground and has five sides to its petals that form a trumpet shape.
these flowers have vibrant purple colored petals theres also a white stigma in the very center.

the flower has outer anthers hat are purple in color and inner petals that are white in color
thus flower has several rounded petals in purple with accents of yellow and white.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with green sepal
this flower is white, purple and pink in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow and white
this flower has five very rounded pale purple petals and accents of white and yellow at the mouth.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white and yellow shading and black lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are white, yellow, and purple.
a group of flowers with a purple, white, and yellow coloration with some black markings.
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped near the center.

this flower has a single pale pink petal and yellow stamen.
the petal of the flower is very light pink with green veins, while the stigma is bright yellow.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a flower with a wide petal that wraps around the pollen tube.
this pink flower has a heart shaped petal and a bright yellow pistil.
this flower has one large, pink leaf surrounding a single yellow pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.

there are eleven white petals. the inner circle also is comprised of a deep blue filament.
this flower has stringy purple petals with white sepal as its main features
this flower has star shaped petals as its main feature.
this flower has narrow white petals and several purple stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals with shreds of purple stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this exotic flower has bright white petals that surround a strange purple center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen

this flower seems to have purple and white petals and a green pedicel
this is a cluster of downward hanging pink flowers with upward curving petals.
this horn-shaped flower has pink petals and a few long stamens.
this flower is pink in color with droopy petals and green pedicel.
an upside down flower with long and skinny sepals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a thin yellow-green pedicel with skinny pink petals that have curled ends.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
these flowers are facing downward with long, curly pink petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.

the flower has large white petals that are curved at the ends.
the flower is white and funnel shaped and also the petal is supported by green sepal
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that has veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
a flower with singular conical large white petal, green sepals, and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white.
the cup shaped flower has shades of white, yellow, and green throughout the petals.
the flower has long wavy edged petals that are white with green running through it.
a horn shaped flower with light green and white petals protruding from a light green pedicel.

a flower with large individual ribbed purple and white petals and large yellow individual stamen.
the flower has a purple petal with a yellow anther and filament
the purple flower has distinct petals and a very green pedicel.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has purple petals and a long white stamen in the middle
this flower has five overlapping pink petals which are rounded with small veins.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
overlapping light purple petals surround a green stigma in this flower.
this flower has white and purple petals with green stamen.
this flower has purple petals and has a big white stigma

the flower is orange with its petals that are soft, smooth, curly and has dark spots on its surface
a flower with folded over and back red petals with black dots on them and thick red anther
the filaments are long and white with a shade of orange and the anthers look red
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink with dark dots
this flower has orange petals with dark spots and long stamen.
a flower with curled over petals covered in black spots with long stamen.
this flower has orange and purple petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red with brown spots.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are upright and dark pink with green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upwards
the pink petals are a pointed oval shape and the sepals are green and waxy.
large pink tulip-shaped blooms on a woody bush with sparse thin leaves.
this pink flower has long banana shaped pedals that curl up.
this flower has long purple pink petals that surround the stamen and pistil.

thus flower has a yellow center surrounded by layers of long yellow petals with rounded tips.
the pedicel of the flower is thin and smooth. you would certainly want to pick one of these things out in the valley.
this is a flower with many yellow petals and a yellow center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
the center of the flower is round, with yellow petals arranged in layers.
this flower has yellow and layered petals with small stamen
this butter-yellow flower has double set of many long petals arrayed around its large, fluffy patch of stamen.
this flower has several rows of thin, yellow petals with an identically colored pistil.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has multiple rows of bright yellow petals that make a disk formation.

bright, long, tiger striped, pink petals with long stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink with black lines
this flower has pink petals with red anthers and pink filaments.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green sepals and stems.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black lines
this flower has pink petals, with one of the pink petals containing brown and yellow spots.
this flower has bright pink petals that have some dark lines on them.
the petals of this flower are pink and have orange and black spots
they are beautiful flowers!

this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
the flower has red petals with a red stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
the anthers appear dark and the stamina are long and above the ovaries.
this flower has large pink petals and long pink stamen in the middle
the petals are a completely pale pink color with matching stigma protruding from the middle.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower has wide pink petals which are smooth and slightly curled at the edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
a flower with ragged orange and red petals and long yellow stamen.
the flower has larger broader petals that are red on the upper side and yellow on the lower side
the unique petals on this flower go upward and look like they are about to close.
this flower has petals that are yellow and red and are pointy at the end, the stamens are on the outside.
the petals of the flower are curled along the edges and are in shades of coral and yellow.
this flower has petals that are green and has orange tips
this flower has orange and yellow leaves with curved edges and yellow stamen on a green pedicel.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled over the center.
the flower has bright yellow soft petals with yellow stamens.
this flower has large yellow petals and is bulbous in shape. its stamen are a darker yellow color.
this is a circular or dome shaped bright yellow flower with large petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and closed together
this is a yellow flower with large overlapping petals that curve inward.
this flower has large yellow petals with a rounded shape that are folded tightly over each other.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and curled around the center.
this flower has yellow petals protruding from a green leafy bush.

curly light pink petals wind around thin curved pink stamens, in these flowers.
this flower has a lot of long and pink colored petals with dark pink anthers
the blooms are many and shoot out of a single pedicel and are light lavender with many stamen protruding out of them.
a single green stem that splits into multiple pink lily flowers.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
a pedicel and pink petals adorn this flower in the photo.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has long, very thin pink petals which curl backwards.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and are thin in appearance.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

the flower has a dense amount of red petals that are round.
the flower has many small red petals with red stamen as well
this bunch of red flowers has the simple row of four petals and the stamen at the center
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
there is a cluster of about a dozen orange-red flowers with four or five large flat petals among slightly curly green foliage.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has very small and round red petals which are smooth in texture.
the flower has clumps of red-orange petals arranged in a circle around tiny red stamen.
the petals of the flower are a bright and vibrant red color, with shades of black near the tip of some petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this flower has a row of five orange petals shaded with red color at the middle and the stamens at the middle
this flower has petals that are yellow with red blotches
this flower has five large round orange petals with red accents in their centers.
the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has wide and overlapping rounded orange petals with red splash designs in their centers.
the petals are fire orange with dark red splashes in the center, with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has spots or orange
this flower have a single layer of five golden petals with crimson splashes in the center and a hollow middle with protruding golden stamen.
this five petaled flower has a mostly yellow color with central accents of deep orange.

the yellow flower is big and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape around stamens
the petals are broader and oval in shape,they are yellow and maroon incolor
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with orange down the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stripes
this flower has layers of wide tapered yellow petals with orange stripes in the center.
a flat flower with many leaf like yellow and red petals surrounding a large yellow and red ovule.
this flower has two rows of dark orange petals with a yellow border and a prominent yellow pistil.

the petals of the flower are light purple while the center has black anthers.
this flower has a purple petal and a white anther filament
this flower has large purple petals and spiky white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has purple petals with white anther and filament
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large pointy-tipped pale purple petals with vertical creases.
this lavender coloured flower has a few large petals shaped like a leaf with lines along the center and a many white and purple filaments in the center.
this flower has petals that are black and has white stamen
the petals are long and lavender with a stripe of indentations down the center, and the stamen are small and white.

this flower has the row of red petals shaded with yellow color at the end holding the red stamens with the anthers at the center
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a large pointy center and many slender petals that are red with yellow tips.
the flower shown has layers of red petals with yellow tips.
this flower has numerous long skinny petals that are red with yellow tips, the stigma of the pistil is very short and colored similarly to the petals.
this flower has red petals that have yellow tips on the end
this flower has long thin petals that are red in color with yellow tips and a large yellow and red stamen.
this flower has red anther and its many small petals are red with yellow tips.
a large round spotted stamen with yellow tipped maroon leaves that are thin and cluttered.
this flower has a yellow ball-shaped ovary in the center covered with short spiky red stamen, and the petals are red with yellow tips.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow center
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower shown has several layers of orange petals, and a yellow center.
the petals on this flower are orange with no visible stamen.
the flower displays many oval shaped bright orange petals with yellow small stamen and stigma.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the inner ring of petals are a brugt orange stemming out from a distinctly orange pistol, then followed by yet another ring of bright orange orange petals.
a deep orange flower with many small pedals attached to it.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with skinny oval shaped petals.
this flower has layers of long orange petals with rounded tips.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has bright pink petals with a purple sepal as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals on this flower are pink with a short stigma
the petals on this flower make a nice tower and are pink
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are dark purple colroed.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and is folded together
this flower has a thick vertical chevron pattern of bright pink petals.
this flower has a green pedicel and many rows of bright pink petals.

this fierce flower has long pointy petals that are orange in color and a sharp, black stigma.
this is an orange flower with blue pistil and grayish green pedicel.
this flower has a light green sepal and strange looking blue pistil.
this flower is very vibrant, and and has sharp pointy petals.
this bird like flower has a creamy orange pedals and a blueish grey pistil.
a tropical flower with orange and blue petals that looks like a bird.
this flower has long and very thick, spiky petals of bright orange and purple.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
the petals of this flower are orange and navy blue and the pedicel is green

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the lowest petal is white and turns yellow inside, the two petals above it start purple at the edges and turn white, and the back 2 petals are all purple.
this flower has petals that are purple with white and yellow patch
the flower shown has green pedicel with purple and white petals
the petals of this flower are purple and white with a short stigma
a flower with wide and narrow petals that are purple and white.
this flower has uniquely shaped purple and white petals, fading to yellow near the bottom.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple white and yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has one white petal with yellow stripes, two light purple petals and two dark purple petals.

this blue tubular flower has layered petals with fluttery edges.
the ruffled blue petals have touches of yellow and rows of deeper blue speckles that lead to the heart of this cone-shaped blossom.
five ruffled blue petals, joined together in a cone that is white and spotted with yellow and dark blue on the interior, protect an orange pistil tipped with a yellow stigma.
this flower has a petal that is dark blue with light blue tips and a green stigma
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the flower has five blue petals with dark blue lines and spots running down them.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has wide and ruffled blue petals with rounded tips.
this flower has blue petals and a deep funnel shape with yellow and black dots on the inside.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has petals that are bright pink, narrow and spiky
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are spikey.
this bright pink flower has many small, think petals branching out from the center. below it has large thistles branching out.
this flower has stamen that are pink and very stringy
the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has pointy green sepal with think purple petals on top.
this flower has long spike-shaped purple petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very skinny and pointy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very stringy
this flower has a dome shaped configuration of very thin purple petals.

this flower has a black pistil with a red petal
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has round red petals as well as a tan pistil.
red medium sized petals with a black, white and yellow pistil.
this flower has a small inner pod surrounded by wide overlapping red petals with round smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
the pistil of this flower is symmetrical horizontally with red petals. the stamen are light brown, with a yellow stigma in the center of the pistil.
there are four redish orange pedals and a yellowish brown pistil.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red color, and the stamens of the flower are a dark brown color.
the petals on this flower are reddish orange and the pedicel is green

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has pink petals with a white strip and in the bottom of petal is green.
this is a pink flower with a white stripe down the petal.
this flower holds quite large rounded petals that are a coral color, with an accented white stripe and edges.
a light pink and white petals with a green center.
this flower has a green ovary, white filaments and yellow anthers, and pink petals with white stripes.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has white and pink petals and a weird green pistil
the petals are coral colored with white strips and dark coral veins and the anther are golden colored.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this is a thin flower with purple petals with white spots.
this trumpet shaped flower has the purple petals dotted inside with white and brown
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
flowers are alternately arranged,they are pule in color with brown patches on the inside
this flower had a singel dark purple petal that folds over into a bell shape.
the petals are pinkish purple with white and dark purple spots and form the shape of a vase.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
a flower with tube shaped petals that are purple with spots.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower has petals that are red and folded together
the flower has petals that are red with green pedicel.
this flower has many rows of petals, the inner parts of the bloom are not seen the stem is long and usually thorny.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.
the lush petals on this flower are dripped in water.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has a short green sepal and bright red smooth petals that are tightly positioned together.
this flower has layers of wide, rounded petals in shades of dark red.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together

this small flower has an out row of tiny long petals and a yellow middle of stamen.
this is an open handed like yellow flower with a green brownish funnel liked stem
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the leaves of the flower are yellow in color with green stems.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stingy
this flower has a yellow center and very thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has lots of tiny bright yellow petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has bright yellow petals that are very thin in shape.

the flower shown has an outer layer of pink petals, and an inner layer of yellow petals.
the long filaments stick of of the flower, and the anthers are yellow and thin.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow with spots of red
this flower has five rounded yellow petals surrounded by five larger pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has ring of elongated pink petals under a ring of curved fan like yellow petals.
the peach colored outer petals are shaped like a five point star, with five yellow petals in the center surrounding very long filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
long spindly white and yellow filaments with cup shaped yellow pedals in five sided star shape.
the flower has one set of five pink petals behind, five yellow petals, with yellow stamen, and a pink pistil.

a flower with an open conical purple petal system, pink anther, and red filaments
flower has petals that are dark pink with pink stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
this is a large flower that has dark purple petals and a long pistil.
this flower has hot pink petals and hot pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has large wide petals in fuchsia tones, with curled edges.
this flower has a few tall and thin stamen surrounded by bright pink petals.
this flower has purple petals with small pink stigmas on them

it is a flower with many white pedals and lots of yellow anther.
the flower has several large oval petals and several yellow stamens.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has green sepals, white petals that are thick and soft and enclosing the stamen that are yellow
this flower has large white petals and yellow anthers and stamen in the center of it
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has multiple rows of white petals that get smaller closure to the pistil.
this white flower has pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has large green sepals underneath ascending cupped layers of white petals with thick yellow stamen at its center.

the pretty flower has pink petals with a yellow center.
this flower is purple-pink and features a dense arrangement of yellow stamen at its center.
these pale pink flower petals have yellow stamen that are outlined in black.
this flower is vibrant pink in color with a black circle in the center.
these large punk flowers have black and yellow centers.
a group of flowers with different colors of pedals and a center golden stigma.
a uniform pink flower with dark maroon color close to inner edges close to pollen area with visible yellow pollen.
the flower has eight pink petals that turn black in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are orange with yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light orange petals with a lot of yellow tipped stamen in the center.
this brightly colored orange flower has petals and anther that are nearly the same color.
this flower has orange petals as well as yellow stamen.
this flower has orange petals that curl up around the edges downward.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this bright flower has orange overlapping petals and multiple bright yellow stamen.
this flower has wide orange petals with yellow center and orange tips.

the trumpet shaped flower has bright yellow petals with delicate looking stamen.
the flower has yellow petals with a yellow stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled on the edges.
a yellow flower with large floppy yellow petals and long yellow curly stamen.
this flower has yellow petals and pistil as its main features
this flower has large bright yellow petals with uneven edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is ruffled at the edges
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and green
this flower has wide pale yellow petals whose edges are deeply ruffled.
a flower with long and wavy petals that are yellow.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curved inward.
this flower has pink and white petals with large yellow anthers.
this flower has a pink petal with white stamen and yellow anthers on it
the light pink and white petals are attached to a green pedicel, and they have white pistils with yellow stigmas.
the stamen are larger and the anthers are lager and yellow in color
this is a pink tulip leafed flower with long pollen tubes with stigma pods on each end.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are pink.
this flower has pink petals folded upwards with green stigma
the flower has yellow and white stamen and white and pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are curled around the ovary.

the petals on this flower are white with pink striples.
this flower has petals that are white with pink lines
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has six large pointed white petals whose centers have a vertical pink stripe.
this flower is made up of six long white petals each with three pink stripes.
this white and purple flower has six pointed petals and many white and purple stamen.
a flower with six petals with purple stripes through their centers.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
this flower has six long pointy-tipped petals with center vertical stripes which are darker pink.
this flower has six long pointy-tipped petals with center vertical stripes which are darker pink.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower consists of white petals with green bases which surround a large cluster of green filaments and white anthers.
flower with broad white color petals which are spotted and white anther at center.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged in bowl like manner around the stamen
this flower features a prominent ovary with yellow stamens surrounded by broad white petals.
this flower has white petals that droop down with many inner pistils.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has wide rounded petals of white with palest pink accents.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
this flower has peach petals as well as a purple pistil.

this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a flower with rounded yellow petals and clustered yellow stamen.
this flower has a consistent yellow color surrounding its yellow stamen at the center.
this flower has short, round yellow petals around many yellow stamen.
here we see a yellow flower of five overlapping leaves and a cluster of yellow stamen surrounding the stigma.
this delicate flower is yellow with five petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has small rounded yellow petals in an overlapping wheel arrangement.
this flower has wide and rounded yellow petals which are somewhat shiny.
this flower has yellow petals that has light green stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has orange, pink and yellow petals with yellow pistil.
a starry bright orange and yellow flower with green leaves.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and peach with a yellow center.
this flower has a small pink petal and a center that is yellow
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
a large dull pink and yellow colored flower with white edges.
this flower has a few layers of small oblong peach colored petals.
this flower has large pale orange petals and a yellow center.
this flower has layers of peach-colored tapered petals with a yellow center.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower shown has orange petals as its main feature.
the flower has a dense amount of orange petals that are clover shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and yellow stamen
this flower has light orange petals and no visible outer stamen
a flower with short and rounded petals that are orange/
the flower has five bright orange petals with lighter colored stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower has five fan like orange petals with yellow highlights.

the flower has red and white petals with a green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
flower with pink and white petals and yellow stamen./
thje leaves are green in color and the petals are pink incolor
this flower has large pink petals with white on the inside and no visible stigma
this flower has five wide pink petals which have ruffled edges and white centers.
a magenta and white flower with several pointed frilly petals, a white center, and no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, with multi colored petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that curl outward.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the petals on this flower are a whitish color and very cylindrical.
this flower has medium sized white overlapping petals with a green pedicel.
a bell shaped flower that has white petals and a cream colored center
this flower has many layers of tightly-packed white petals, which are rounded and slightly ruffled.
this flower has a large white petal and no visible stamen
this flower is made up of many rows of white petals that wrap tighter closer to the pistil.
this flower has small green sepals and smooth white petals that are wrapped around each other.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are white and are folded together
this flower has large white petals and a dark green pedicel.

long oval white petals with delicate lavender edges surround a plug-like yellow pistil with small stamen.
the flower shown has white petals with yellow anther and filament
many rows of white petals with purple tips are seated on a dark green pedicel & they are surrounding a bright yellow pistil that has bright yellow stamen encasing it.
a lotus-like white flower the white petals of which has pink tips, and the flower has broad and big yellow pistil and thin yellow stamens.
the petals are a white hue with a large yellow stamen at center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals, a yellow pistil and a black pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this white-with-purple-edges-petaled flower has a large yellow style and stigma surrounded by many small yellow anthers.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the flower shown has towering purple petals as its main feature.
the flower has multiple purple petals that are oval shaped with white stripes.
this flower has purple petals which overlap each other and form layers.
this flower has petals that are purple with many layers
this flower has pink with white highlighted petals and matching stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered vertically.
this flower has numerous purple petals and long purple stamens.
this lavender flower that has several light lavender stamen is supported with a long pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple with shades of white

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are overlapping and pale lavender, with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with flowery stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and bunched together.
this is a flower with white and purple petals on it.
the flower has many individual flowers with white petals, and pink stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has a dense amount of small light purple and white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stigma
this flower has pastel purple and white petals with white smaller flowers and seed like objects in the center.

pedicel are brown in colo,petals are roubnded in shape and white in color
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled and rounded.
the flower has white petals on top of a black pedicel.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and are supported by pedicel
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a thin black stem.
this flower has soft elegant white pedals sitting on a brown stem.
only the flowing white petals of this flower are visible.
a flower that has all white petals and are partially closed.
this flower has wide, smooth white petals with slight ruffling.
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is black

this polynesian style flower is bright red with a red and yellow stamen and green waxy leaves.
this flower has a protuberant red pollen tube surrounded by five large, overlapping petals with rounded edges.
five large red petals surround a long red pollen tube that has several stamen near the tip.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy and rounded
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are burnt red.
this flower is characterized by its red, bumpy petals as well as its red and yellow pistil and stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wavy.
the flower has five large pale red flowers, and a large red stamen.
this vibrant red flower features a red pollen tube with a red and yellow stigma.

both the petals and the leaves are red; but the petals in center are encased in green.
it as having large green leaves and a small flower surrounded by bracts, almost as if for protection. the bracts, he said, turned a brilliant red.
this flower has bright red petals with yellow anthers in the center
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has a red petal with green anther and filament in the center
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
the petals on this flower are mostly red with small yellow stamen.
this flower has red petals with yellow stamen in the inside of it.
this flower has red big leaves with green in the middle
this flower has petals that are black and has green stamen

the flower shown has a thin green pedicel with yellow pistil and petals
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has yellow petals that stand upward with many yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has rounded bright yellow petals with a cluster of short thick yellow stamen coming out of the ovule.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very thin.
the petals of the flower form a distinctive shape, while the stamens are a vibrant orange color.
a flower with short and wide petals that are bright yellow.
yellow, round petals with long, yellow anthers and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are red with stringy stamen
the flower has long peach colored petals that are oval shaped.
this large flower has petals that are peach with many stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled up ward.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and yellow filament.
this flower has pink petals as well as a white stamen.
this pink flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with white anthers.
this flower is pin kand white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a cone-shaped pistil surrounded by a layer of light purple stamen and pink petals with pointed tips.

white pedaled flower with bright yellow center growing from a green sturdy stem.
this flower has small white petals and yellow pistil as its main features
the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow center.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of short white oblong petals in a ray formation.
this flower has a double of evenly spaced white petals surrounding a yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are short and white and the pistils are golden yellow
this flower has petals that are whiet and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the bright and delicate orange pedals of this flower surround a yellow style and orange stigma.
the petals of the flower are red in color with a yellow center and green leaves.
this bright orange petal flower has a circular yellow stigma.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are dark orange with yellow stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this bright red flower has big round petals that overlap one another and a bright yellow pistils.
this flower has large orange petals with rounded edges and short orange stamen.
this flower has overlapping red petals which are wide and very soft.
the flower has several large rounded petals that are orange with speckles of white.

this flower has petals that are white with pink edges
the flower shown has white and purple petals with a large green pollen tube
this flower has two rows of petals shaded with white and pink colors holding the anther filaments with the purple anthers at the tip
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
the edges of the petals are a vibrant magenta fading into a white color before turning light yellow.
there are ruffled white and magenta petals in a star pattern surrounding prominent green, pink, and white stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has light pink sepals and white petals with bright pink edges.

this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spikey.
the flower has shark and pointy petals with a green pedicel
a flower with towering conical pistil and ragged blue petals.
this flower has spiky green and purple petals and stamen which point sharply outwards in multiple directions.
the flower has many petals that are thin white and green.
this unusual flower has a large green stigma in the middle with green spiky petals surrounding it.
this flower is green and white in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has thin spiky green and blue petals with a very large and thick pistil.
this flower has green and white sticky looking petals to it
this flower has petals that are purple and pointy at the ends

the petals on this flower are pink with pink veins.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has large wide pink petals with vertical striations in a paler shade.
the flower shown has pink and white petals, and pink stamen.
the petal of this flower is dark purple and is unique because it covers the pistil
this flower has a short pink pistil and bright pink petals with white stripes.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has purple petals surrounding a cluster of purple stamen.
this flower has pink petals with white coloration in the center.

a flower with yellow petals and yellow pistils and anther filaments.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals are round and yellow and are centered around many fine, yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
pedicel are green,petals are yellow in color and are rounded in shape
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright yellow petals, five of them, with long yellow filaments.
this flower has five yellow petals that are spaced out with many stamen in the center.
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has five small petals that are bright yellow in color and smooth and shiny in texture.

this is a flower with large pink pointy petals and a green stigma.
its mostly pink with white and a light green center.
this flower has a green pistil with purple and white petals
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
outer petals are green oin color,inner petals are light pink in color
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
this flower has pink petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are leaf like.,
red leaves with white edges surround small green filaments with green leaves underneath it all
a large group of flowers with pink and white colored pedals and a green stigma.

one large love shaped petal with a prominent pistil
this flower has a very large green stamen and has one large petal that is pink and shaped like a heart.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with big green style
this flower is pink and green in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green style
this particular flower has petals that are red with a green center
this flower has a watermelon colored petal, tube like green pistil and a green pedicel.
this flower has a thick protruding stamen and one pointed pink petal.

the flower shown has white petals with yellow on the inside/center petal.
what i like about this flower is its large fan like petals
this flower has large flat petals which are white with rounded edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has wide, smooth white petals with very soft rounded edges.
there are flat, white petals and white petals that curl upwards around yellow and pink stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of yellow in the center
this flower has smooth white petals with rounded edges and a yellow pistil.

the flower shown has red and orange petals which surround the yellow stamen
his flower has yellow and red and green petals this is a vey strange looking flower.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has many yellow petals with many small yellow stamen that fill the center.
the pedals of this flower are yellow and brown with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
a flower with a long and narrow petal that is yellow with brown streaks.
this flower has elongated yellow petals with a maroon strip and yellow stamen.
this flower is characterized by its unique red yellow petals, its light green stamen and yellow pistil at the center.

the petals are red in color with long prominent pistli and yellow anthers
large flat fuschia petals with a long pistal in the center, covered with yellow stamen.
flower with large pink petals and a yellow and pink pistil
a flower with large bright pink petals and a long pink and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this is a pink flower with five petals and a prominent pink pistil and yellow anthers.
this flower has five large and rounded pink petals whose edges are ruffled, and a large pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
a flower with five red petals surrounding a long dark red pistil with yellow stamen and anther filament.

the petals are yellow in color and the leaves are green color.
this flower has petals that are yellow, very thin and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are golden and shaped like a comb.
a small yellow flower with tiny yellow petals and green veiny sepal.
the flower has so many gold colored petals, it has the appearance of fern.
a flower that has yellow petals and green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has a cone-shaped blossom which consists of a large number of small yellow petals.

the flower has oval shapd petals that are yellow in color with larger green sepals
this flower has petals that are yellow with many steman
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this sunflower has yellow pointed petals with brown in the middle
this flower has pointed elongated oval petals of bright yellow around a large black center.
a large flower with a very large center that is mainly black.
this flower has elongated yellow petals that surround a darker stamen and pistil.
many bright yellow petals encircle a large dense brown pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

the orange flower has prominent stamens with large brown anthers and curled petals with brown spots.
this flower has purple anther and orange and purple petals as its main features
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange with dark spots
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and has black dots
these flowers have orange petals with brown specks on them.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curled up.
this flower has orange petals with red dots, which curl backwards.
this is an orange flower with spotted brown petals and orange stamens.

broad cream-ish pink petals that are wilting completely surround a dark pink center (pistil).
this flower has a large light pink petal with a purple center in it
five very faint pink wrinkly petals surrounding one pale yellow stigma.
the flowers has petals that are pale pink with dark pink center.
this flower is light pink in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower is a light lavender with five petals surrounding a darker purple center.
this petal has light purple petals and one of the petals has some dark purple on it.
this flower has five wide pink petals which are rounded and ruffled.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower has bright red petals that fold over each other to form a cup shape around the ovule.
this flower has a couple layers of dark red petals that cover the stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
a dark red flower with curved red petals and a close off stigma.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the rose flower has a red rounded petals with green stems
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green
the flower has many close together soft red petals that curve on the edges.

this is a flower with pink ruffled petals with white tips.
the flower is pink in color and is ruffled in texture throughout.
this blossom has many pink petals with jagged edges. there are so many petals that they are the only part of the flower that can be seen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched tightly.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
curly pink leaves in a bushy pattern with no visible filament or anther
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
a flower with long and jagged petals that are pink and wavey.
the flower is made up of many fluffy looking light pink petals.
pom pom shaped light pink flower has cut edges and thin green leaves.

a larger sized flower that has six purplish petals
a large purple flower with wide petals and a yellow centered stamen.
the flower shown has yellow anther and filament and purple petals
the flower has wide, irregularly shaped edges and yellow stamen
the flower petals is purple with yellow in the middle of it
this flower has bright purple petals with slightly jagged edges in a wheel-like formation.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center and wide striated pink petals.
the petals on this flower are a soft, purple/pink color, and are broad, flat, and slightly jagged at the edges, with several prominent yellow stamen.
this flower has long purple petals and yellowish-green stamen.

there are six purple petals and a purple pistill.
the flower shown has purple petals along with purple anther and filament
this a purpleish pink flower with large petals
this flower is pink in color with five petals, and pink stigma.
this large purple flower has magenta spots and long curved stamen.
the saucer shaped flower has light pink petals that are soft, smooth and has a bunch of dark pink stamens sticking out from the center
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this flower has six light pink petals with many long, red stamen extending from the center.
this flower has tall pink stamen and light pink petals with bright markings.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower consists of four petals of equal size that are yellow on the outer edge and changing to intense orange in the middle while the stamen is also bright orange.
the flower shown has yellow petals with orange anther and green pedicel
this flower has yellow petals with an orange center with orange stamen.
this flower has four petals, is yellow in color with orange splatted in the center.
this flower has four yellow and orange clover petals on a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy along the edges.
a flower with 4 yellow petals that are orange toward the stamen.
the flower has four yellow petals that turn orange toward the center.
this flower has four petals that are dark orange in the center and yellow on the ends.

red pedals black middle dark and light green leaves
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is dull pink with overlapping petals and a pink stamen.
this flower consists of bunches of blooms with small, round pink petals.
a flower with short and wide petals that are red.
this flower comes in bunches of red fan like petals surrounding a darker pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded in shape.

these flowers are a bright golden yellow with many smaller petals coming together to create a dome shape, and hiding the central pistel and stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this large dome shaped flower has many overlapping layers of small, ruffled yellow petals.
leaves are green in color,the petals are floral in shape and yellow incolor
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely bunched together.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny orange petals with ruffles.
this flower has small yellow petals that are arranged tightly around each other in a bulb-like fashion.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has yellow petals that are ruffled together in a ball

this flower has petals that are yellow with orange dots
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted and oval shaped.
the flower shown has six yellow petals with red spots on each petal.
flower has petals that are yellow with orange and brown dots.
this flower's broad, oval-shaped petals are yellow in hue with spotted red and orange.
this flower has six petals of yellow that are spotted with orange.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with orange spots.
this flower has six yellow petals with red spots and a yellow pistil.
this flower is made up of six yellow petals with orange spots.

this is a flower with red upward pointing petals on it.
pedicel are maroon in color,petals are red in color,and sepals are green in color
a red petal flower with green sepal and a red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has fuzzy green sepals and a smooth green pedicel with dark red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has red curled petals and long spiny sepals.
this flower has petals that are red and is folded upwards
this flower has a green stem holding wide dark red petals.

white petals on the outside purple white blue pedals inside purple yellow and white middle dark green leaves
the flower has large petals that are white and thin blue petals.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with stringy purple stamen
this flower has white petals and green and purple stamen.
this flower is whit , blue and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
a clear pedaled flower base with a white and blue with a long stigma.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
this flower has rounded pale-green petals under a thick fringe of quill-like white and purple.

this flower has many yellow petals with a dark black pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has small yellow petals and a dark black pistil
the petals on this flower are yellow with black stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the flower has several oval yellow petals and black stamen.
this flower has ray-like formation of bright yellow petals with slightly pointed tips encircling a dark disk center.
this flower is golden yellow in color, with a dark brown center, and a layer of long thin petals that radiate around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

the flower has petals that are with a purple center and purple stigma.
the flower has a single petal is white and no stamen is seen.
this flower has petals that are white with purple center
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower shown has a white pistil with a large round white petal
this flower has one row of petals that are white until the connection to the stem which is purple.
the white flower has purple like color in the center of it and is sort of round shape.
this flower has a large white petal with a purple base and very short white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center
this flower has white petals around a purple interior that resemble thin tissue paper.

the petals of the flowers are hot pink in color and have a purple center with yellow anthers.
the flower has purple petals surrounding its yellow anther and purple pollen tube
a pretty purple flower with a large stamen area that is blue and yellow
the petals on this flower are purple, and the stigmas are yellow.
long slender purple petals with several darker purple vertical strips from center to ends and a dark purple and yellow pistil.
the flower has several light purple petals, with yellow anthers.
this flower has purple petals with yellow stamen hat make a circle
this flower has very defined separate purple petals, and the center of each flower has short pistils and stamens.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin and stringy
the flower shown has thin purple petals with a mossy green pedicel
the leaves of the flower are green in color while the petals are pink in color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has petals that are thin and burgundy with green pecidel.
this flower has a wide top covered with long tube-like pink thin petals.
the magenta petals are tiny and ruffled and the stamen are thin and yellow.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled up and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has short and spiky pink petals that are sparsely arranged.

the flower shown has purple and white petals with green sepal
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
a flower with lavender petals and no visible pistils shown.
this flower has petals that are pink and fold together
the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has a lavender petal attached to a green sepal.
the petals are light pink and curled outwards and the sepals are green.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has small light green sepals and large light purple petals.

this flower has multiple groupings of red petals with a dark pistil area.
the flower is red in color with many arranged red colorec petals with smaller stamen and pistuil
there are many maroon colored pedals on this flower that are almost circular in shape.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely bunched together.
these are bunch of red color flower with rounded petals.
this flower has small orange petals clustered together in the form of a ball.
this flower has large red petals and long red stamens.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

this petals on this flower are purple with tiny white tips.
the flower ha needle shpaed petals that are curled and light purple in color
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a rounded purple center from which protrude multiple long, very thin purple petals in various directions.
this purple flower has long, thin, cylindrical petals and many small purple stamen.
this flower has a spiked green center ball from which protrude long purple petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
a purple flower with many long narrow purple petals and a large purple ovule.
this flower has long, thin and spiky light purple petals.

this flower has five pink flower with reddish edges and just barely seen pink stamen.
the petals of the flower are tipped in pink while the leaves are green in color.
this flower has large with petals with pink edges on it and has orange stamen in the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
a pink and white flower with pointed petals and pink filament.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this pink and white flower has pointed pedals and green sepals.
this flower has white and pink petals with a yellow center.
this flower has lovely pink outer petals and white inner petals.
this flower has a star like formation with pink and white petals.

the stamen are longer with larger brown in color anthers
the petals of this flower are blue with a large stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
this is a strange, multicolored flower with long, skinny petals.
the thin blue petals point outward while the stigma droops over the stamen.
purple flower with interesting center and long petals
this flower has large white petals and a strange shaped pistil.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen

this flower has medium sized pointy pink petals with white edges and white stamen and stigma in the center.
this flower features elongated pointed overlapping purple petals with white tips surrounding a prominent ovary containing white stamens.
this star-shaped flower has purplish pink petals and smooth stamens.
vibrant pink, very festive and inviting to have a good time.
these flowers have purple arrow shaped petals and a spiky center.
this flower has long and tapered-tip pink petals whose edges are very pale.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are white along the edges.
this fuschia with white filament star shaped flower grows on a vine.
this flower has thick red petals with a white border and a white pistil.

the flower has a large purple petal with a dark purple center and green stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are darker in the center.
this flower has large purple petals and no visible outer stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with long stamen
this flower has bright purple petals that are wide and encircle the whole flower.
this flower is pink and has many purple highlights closer to the stamen.
this is a purple flower with overlapping petals that turns dark purple toward the receptacle.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen

this is an exotic looking flower with white petals tinted with a beautiful purple on the outside.
flower with thin white petals with pink outlining and white style and small white hairs in the receptacle
this flower has petals that are white with pink trim
this flower has five round petals with bright pink edges that fade to white near the pistil, where there's a hole in the center that the white pistil pokes out of.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink at the edges and ruffled.
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a white pistil.
the light pink petals are ruffled and dark pink at the edges and the sepals are dark green.
this flower has five rounded white petals whose ruffled edges are bright pink.
large white flower with rounded pedals edged with a bright pink and long white stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges

leaves are green in color,petals are beige in color
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shades
this flower has small yellow and peach petals as its main feature
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a yellow center and several overlapping layers of pointy tipped peach colored petals.
this flower has orange and yellow petals shaped like wedged ovals.
this flower has layers of tapered peach-colored petals with yellow accents.
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow
this flower has peach petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has many peach colored petals that are oblong in shape and tightly layered on top of each other.

the flower has petals that are red in color and a stem that is green.
this bright red flower has wide rounded petals and a center that is brown with many anther circling it.
this is a bright red flower with round petals and black anthers.
a small red flower with curved petals and a big solid stigma in the middle.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has rough looking red petals and brown filament, with white anther.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this bright red flower has broad petals surrounding a cluster of light brown stamen.
the petals of the flower are a solid red color, and the stamens are a light yellow color.
this flower has large, bright red petals with gray stamen and a black ovary.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are connected.
the flower shown has white petals and a white pollen tube.
this is a white trumpet shaped flower with pointed tips around the petal.
this trumpet shaped flower has wide white petals which are conjoined and curl slightly outward.
this flower has a seamless white petal and many deep green sepals.
this flower has a large white continuous petal surrounding a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a funnel-like shape with white petals and a short white pistil.
white stigma with a round petal that has a few hair like hooks around the edged space evenly apart

the stem curves slightly, meaning that the petals, purple, white, and yellow, face downwards, layered on top of one another and centered around yellow and white stamens.
this flower has several white and very pale purple petals, with yellow centes and several brown lines.
this flower has a beautiful mix of a purple sepal and white petals, with a hint of yellow inside.
a flower that has white petals that have yellow tones and dark brown stripes
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has rounded petals in shades of white, purple, and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and purple and has black lines
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has blue and white rounded petals with yellow coloring towards the middle and black stripes.
a flower with an outer layer of purple petals and an inner layer of yellow petals with black lines on them.

this flower is bell shaped with white petals and purple dots.
a flower with open white bell shaped spotted round petals
this flower has petals that are white with black dots
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this cluster of downward hanging white flower has maroon spots and no noticeable stamen of stigma.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has pink petals that has purple dots on them
the white bells have pink dots on the inside, grouped together and hanging upside-down.
this flower has very distinct, closed white petals with dark spots on the inside.
this flower has vertical layers of bell shaped white blossoms.

this is a flower with large white ruffled petals on it.
this flower has a lot of ruffled white petals that give the flower a ball like appearance.
a flower that has white petals that over lap on top of each other.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
the flower has petals that are overlapping, serrated and white.
the petals on this flower are white in color with jagged looking edges as they lay flat out from the stem.
this flower has petals that are white and is ruffled together
this flower has layers of wide and very ruffled white petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and bunched together.

this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is yellow and has soft, smooth and lengthy petals surrounding stamens
petals are oval in shape,they are yellow in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the flower has thin and long bright yellow petals with black stamen.
flower has large dark round pistil with a single layer of long narrow yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has many long, narrow yellow petals with rounded tips.
this flower has long yellow petals surrounding a dark colored stamen.
this flower has thin yellow petals that form a ray type of shape around a darker brown center.

this star shaped flower has white petals that have a lightish purple in the middle with a yellow stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
this flower has thin purple and white petals as its main feature.
this is a flower with eight petals. it has a soft outer pink color with a brush stroke of a deeper pink on the inner petal. the center is a grouping of yellow and matching pink stigma.
this flower has very wide, long white petals whose center stripes are vertical and pink.
flower with green pedicel, 8 pink and white petals that radiate out from center, flower petals open horizontally revealing short stamen cluster at center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
this flower has a short yellow mound of stamen surrounded by white oblong petals with a pink center stripe.

the flower has yellow petals with yellow anther and filament as well
this is a flat yellow four petal flower, the pistil looks almost like a star.
this flower has a large yellow petal with bright yellow anther filaments
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has smooth bright and dark yellow peddles and yellow pistil.
this flower has four small, almost heart-shaped petals which gradate from yellow to orange in the center.
this flower has small yellow petals that turn a darker yellow towards the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has four bright yellow petals that get to be a darker yellow closer to the stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow anther as well as purple petals as its main features
a cluster of pale yellow stamen is surrounded by a cup of small, round petals that are violet at the base and pale lilac at the tips. a second row of larger, pointed petals spreads out below the top layer.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
pedicel are dark purple in color,petals are oval in shape and are light purple in color
the petals are dusty purple and surround a cluster of stamen with pale yellow anther.
this flower has yellow anther filaments, light purple petals, and a deep purple ovule.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are slightly drooping.
this flower has long, light purple sepals with a layer of smaller purple and white petals on top of them.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are all connected to each other.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the crimson red petals have soft curves, with a small trench through each half.
the flower bright pink petals are formed in a trumpit shape.
a red flower with a continuous rounded petal surrounding yellow stamen.
the flower has bright pink petals, a white stamen, and green stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has five conjoined red petals in a slightly rounded star shape.
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stamen

pretty pink flower with a purple hue and beautiful white mini flowers.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stigmas
this flower has purple leaves and lighter purple petals that surround a very small pistil.
this pink flower has an inward row of 3 small white flowers on top and an inner clover-shape, and is very easy on the eyes.
this flower has a large pink petal with small white flowers budding on it.
the flower has round soft pink petals and a white pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has broad petals of very bright magenta and a small floret of white at center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma

a strange round shaped flower with very large yellow petals, yellow stamen and green stigma.
the flower is yellow with its petals that are soft, smooth, thin, separate and arranged in layer after layer around the stamen forming a flat bowl shape
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this dark yellow flower has round petals and green stigmas.
this flower has beige round delicate petals with fuzzy stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has ruffled edges
this particular flower has petals that are dark orange and round
the flower has a large yellow petals with a green spiky ovule.
this flower is two rows of yellow fan shaped petals and bright yellow stamens.

this trumpet shaped flower has several conjoined white petals with ruffled edges.
the flower shown has white tube shaped petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the petals of the flower a large, delicate and white with a greenish tint toward the bottom.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has one white, frilly cone shaped petal fading into green toward the stem.
this flower has large white petals with light green veins running to the center.
this flower has a trumpet shape with a large white petal with light green veins.

the flower has three different color, purple, white and yellow.
this flower is yellow, white, and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with shades of yellow and white with dark lines
this is a colorful flower with two white petals, one yellow petal and small black lines on the inside of the petals.
this flower's petals come in a variety of colors, including yellow, white, and purple, and they emanate outward in several layers of flat, circular petals.
this purple, white and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and purple and yellow and has dark lines
this flower has bright yellow and purple and white petals with a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple, yellow and white in color.

this is a solid white flower with ruffled petals and white anthers.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
one of the flower has white and the other has pretty pink colored corolla that is disc shaped, and the stigmas are white.
this flower has either white or bright magenta petals, around stamen that have white anthers.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower is white with frills on the edge and bright pink with hot pink center.
this flower has white petals with white veins and white stamen.
this flower has conjoined petals ruffling into a soft and rounded star shape.
a red, pink, and white flowers with a white stigma.

the pale pink petals appear almost white in the sunlight as they curve around the edges.
these pink and white flowers have long waxy petals that are rounded.
the flower petals are pink in color and are oval shaped
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are pink and upright.
this flower has long teardrop shaped petals growing all the way up the pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
the flower has apink petals around the green pollen tube with stick like pedicel
this flower has smooth light pink oblong petals arranged in an upright position.

this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
a small flower with lots of purple pointed petals and red anther.
the flower shown has pointy thorny petals and purple pistil
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
flower with long spikey purple petals on a large green pedicel.
the pistil of this cactus is purple in color and looks like bristles.
this flower has petals that are purple and is very stringy
this flower has bright purple petals and a thorny green pedicel
the petals on the bloom are thin and are pink in color and are attached to a spiky base.
this flower has bright purple petals that are very thin and in a dome-like arrangement.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this main feature of this flower is that it has very large banana colored petals.
the six large, yellow petals on this flower alternate curling upwards and downwards.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped and wavy.
this flower has several large yellow petals with rounded edges which are slightly ruffled and veined like leaves.
this interesting flower has yellow petals that curve down with a long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded out
this flower has wide and soft yellow petals with rounded edges.
this flower has yellow petals that curl in different directions.
this flower has large round light yellow petals that appear smooth on the outer edge.

this small purple flower has curled white filament and tiny purple anther.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have thin white filaments.
the purple petals overlap, and the stamen are white in color.
a violet flower with it's petals arranges in a purple star shape with long curly white stamen.
bright pink with dark pink and white fan shaped pedals and white stamen.
these flowers have purple petals with smooth round edges and white stamen in the middle of them.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red center
it has five pink petals with think purple bands and has two long stagmen

this flower has several layered petals which are pink on the outside and yellow on the inside having small thin anthers.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a pink and yellow flower with a lot of small and pointy petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with patches of yellow
the flower shown has peach and white petals which are its main feature
the petals on this flower spread very wide and come out slightly forwards making it seem much larger than what is real.
the flower has a peach petals with many yellow stamens around the yellow pollen tube
this flower has many layers of orange and yellow petals with green leaves
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
the petals of this flower are yellow and peach and the pedicel is green

this flower has pink and white petals with a white colored style.
this flower has four pale violet colored petals with purple veins and a yellow center. there is a narrow white style.
this light-pink and white petaled flower features a yellow center.
the pretty little flower is light pink fading to white at its center.
the flower has purple petals with white stamen and a yellow interior
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
a flower with short and wide petals that are round.
the flower has round soft petals that are white and pink.
the petals of the flower are a light pink color, with shades of white near the base of the petal.

needle thin yellow petals with a hint of orange at the ends, and orange stamen.
there are many yellow flowers with skinny long petals and bumpy middle centers.
this large flower has yellow petals and a yellow pollen tube.
the flower shown has many yellow petals surrounding the yellow anther
bright yellow flower with dense spiked petals and condensed yellow stamen in it's center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals in a ring arrangement.
the fluttered yellow petals go hand in hand with the gold pollen tube
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

white heart shaped petals with a splash of purple in the middle and some petals having a spash of yellow in the middle of the purple.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
there are many pink filaments with large green anthers with rounded upper pink white petals
the flower shown has white and pink petals and a green anther.
this flower has five large rounded white petals with blush pink centers.
this flower has five petals with white, pink, yellow and dark purple on them.
this pink yellow and red flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this exotic looking flower has two unique pedals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has red dots

the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
petals are oval in shape and are yellow in color,pedicel is green in color
a flower with orange petals and dark brown anther filaments in the center.
this flower has long and thin golden petals and a lot of brown anthers in the middle
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has overlapping yellow petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
the flower has many yellow petals with rust red stamen.
the flower has an abundance of yellow petals and brown anthers
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen

the flower has tapered pale blue petals and numerous yellow anthers.
this flower is blue and orange in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this is a purple colored water flower with small petals and a yellow center.
the flower has light purple petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has several rows of overlapping petals, which are purple on the outside and fade to white towards the center, with several prominent yellow and purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow stamen
this flower haslong pointed white petals and a large patch of bright yellow stamen.
this flower has large light blue petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has a yellow center and upturned layers of pale blue petals.

this pink flower has arrow shaped petals with darker pink spots and very large pink stamen.
this flower has red petals with black spots and has long white stamen on it
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has an orange petal with purple spots and large purple anther
the flower has longer stamens that are bown in color with folded brown and black spoted petals
this flower has orange petals that are folded at the edged with black dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are curled outwards.
the stamen of this flower are orange and the petals are orange with brown spots.
this flower has orange petals with purple spots and long orange filaments with purple anthers.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower is mainly yellow with the anthers being over the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow with green stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately in bowl like manner around stamens
the bloom of the flower is bright yellow in color with anthers that are bright yellow.
this flower has five small shiny petals which are yellow and rounded.
this flower is yelllow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and thin.
a single yellow flower with 5 thin petals, many similarly yellow stamen and very light green pestles.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has a very large cluster of purple stamen surrounded by sharp thick green petals
this flower has multiple layers of green petals numerous purple filaments on a brown ball like structure.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower is so big and beautiful, and, has petals that looks like sepals and also the flower has bunch of stamen sticking out in a circular region
this flower has an aquatic look to it, with urchin like purple petals and no visible stamen nor stigma.
this flower has dark green petals and long purple stamens.
this flower consist of long white and purple needle shaped pedals.
a flower with long and poitned leaves that are green.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has thick pointed green petals around a fringe of deep purple.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are pink with a large stigma
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has pink petals and the pistil and steman growing above the petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly magenta in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has pink petals that has a big yellow style
this flower has a large yellow style with a bulbous stigma in the center of five rounded pink petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is red and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has yellow petals with red spots and a green pedicel
this flower has a long and skinny red petals with an orange stigma
the flower has petals that are yellow with orange spots.
this bright orange flower is covered in dark red spots and yellow stamen/
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are golden yellow and they have red spots all around
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower has a sparse arrangement of orange petals with red spots surrounding a couple of tall yellow stamen.
the bright orange, almond shaped petals have dark red spots and the stamen are orange.

this flower has broad white petals and multiple yellow stigmas.
the leaves of this plant turn colors such as white on the top appearing as if it were in full bloom.
this flower has petals that are green with deep lines
large white and green flowers with white petals and yellowish stamen.
this flower is light green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has very pale green petals which are pointed and leaflike, with prominent veins.
this flower has large white petals with some light green ones mixed in, and a lot of yellow stamens in the middle.
this flower has both light and dark green leaves and green and yellow anther filaments.
these flowers have white petals with pointed tips and green leaves.
a flower with narrow and long petal with pointed edge.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has 3 layers of purple-pink petals that surround a ball of smaller yellow-orange petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow center and upturned layers of fuchsia petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has small yellow filaments and layers of pink petals.

large flower with many vase like tubes which are purple in color and white spots in the inside of vase.
this flower has small purple petals with white dots on the inside of it
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
this flower has long, tubular purple petals with spotting on the inside.
a light purple group of bell shaped flowers with white dots.
this flower has a vertical column of trumpet-shaped blossoms in pale purple hues.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are layered vertically and bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple with white spots.

the petals on the flower are a red heart shape, and the pistil is three separate colors: red, yellow, and green.
this flower is red, green, and yellow in color, with a single large petal.
this flower has red petals, a yellow style and a green stigma.
a dark orange colored flower with a long yellow pollen tube
this flower has a large red petal and a long yellow stigma
this flower has a shiny wax coating and a single multicolored stem.
this flower has large red pedals with a pistil that goes from red to yellow to green.
this flower is red, green and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green style
this flower has one red, heart shaped petal, with a long green and yellow pollen tube.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
the flower has petals that have pink on the edges and white and yellow on the bottom.
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with pink fringes.
this is a pink flower that turns white and yellow toward the receptacle with five petals.
these flowers have soft lavender petals attached to brown pedicels.
the beautiful flower has pinkish white petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in single disc of layer with petals overlapping one another
this flower has petals that are pink and has white and yellow shading
this flower has petals with yellow centers,a white middle, and pink tips
this flower has petals with yellow centers,a white middle, and pink tips

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several large white petals veined with deep purple.
the petals of this flower are purple and whit eiwth a short stigma
two flowers with white and purple petals and no visible pistils.
the flower has a white and purple petal wrapped around the orange stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are striped with purple.
this flower has white petals with purple colored veins running down the petals.
this flower has white petals with deep lavender stripes across them as they curl around a orange stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow fringed center with wide white petals veined with purple.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stripes

this is a yellow rose with orange on the petals and leaves.
this flower has petals that are overlapping, golden and dark pink.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange patches
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
the flower has bright orange and yellow petals and sepals with small thorns.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange and the pedicel is thorny and green
the flower is mostly yellow flower with orange highlights surrounded by a thorny sapel.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading

a thick cluster of fuschia bells, with white spots on the interior of the petals, cascade down the stem.
this flower has a long petal that is purple in color and has white stamen on it
this flower has petals that are dark pink and shaped like tubes.
the plant has many alternatly arranged flowers with capsule shaped petal that are pink in color
a flower that has bell shaped pink petals that have white spots
this flower has downward facing cups of magenta speckled with white inside.
this flower has purple petals shaped like bells with white and dark purple spots.
this flower is made up of many different plants with spotted petals
this flower has a large number of bright purple bell shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

the flower has pink thin pointy petals and white pistils.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is bright pink lime green anthers and bright white pistil.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
the petals of this flower are white and have pink tips on them
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has a ring of pink and white pointed petals.
this pink and white flower has pointed pedals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen

this closed purple flower has white spots with splashes of black.
the flower has checkered patterned petals that are purple and wilted.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of the flower are pink and white in color and are drooping downwards.
this flower has long pointed dark lavender petals with white spots.
this flower has petals as well as a stamen. it has a green short peticel.
this flower has intricate pink and purple patterns on its downward facing petals.
this flower has spotted purple petals and a thin pedicel.
this flower has long wide petals in mottled shades of purple and plum.

this flower has bell shaped blue blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has petals that are blue and closed together
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are bulb like.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
a berry looking purple flower in a stacked dome like shape.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has purple round petals with green ends and a green pedicel.
a flower with short and puffy petals that are blue.
these dark blue flowers grow in a cone shaped bunch and a are ball shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and bucnhed together

the flower has yellow petals with pointed tips and green sepal
this unique tropical flower has thick waxy orange pointy petals.
a flower with orange petals and no anther filaments in sight.
this flower has several yellow petals with sharply pointed tips.
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower is orange, blue, and green in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has long orange petals with pointy tips and a long green and orange sepal.
this flower has long, orange petals that extend from a green stem with ole red edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
the flower has long pointy orange and a long purple stamen.

this flower has floppy soft white petals around the green pistil.
the flower has petals that are smooth, irregular in shape and has curly edges
the simple row of ray florets are white in color and the leaves a altrnatly arranged
this flower has several vertical layers of ruffled, rounded white petals.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has floppy, curved in petals that encircle a set of large green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and are folded together
this flower has a green sepal and white petals that have curly edges.
climbing white pedals sitting on a green pedicel with a green stamen.
a large group of puffy white flowers with a green plant in the center.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that have a small star in the center.
these petals grow in a spiral pattern, and have a light purple coloring, with a small white stigma in the center.
the flower petal is rounded in shape and it is light purple inc olor
this flower has large purple petals and white anthers in the middle
the purple flower features petals arranged in an overlapping pattern.
this flower has overlapping purple petals whose edges are smooth and round.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
this flower has a very small white pistil and light purple petals.
this pink flower has spiraling petals, a white pistil and a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin and arranged in a spiral.

this flower is pink and yellow oval shaped. in color, with petals that are
this flower has petals that are p[ink with yellow steman
the flower shown has thick pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has long light pink pointed petals overlapping around many yellow staymens.
the flower shown has a prominent pistil as its main feature and pink petals.
this flower has dense yellow stamen surrounded by layers of gently pointed white and pink petals.
a pink flower with three layers of pink petals surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has large white petal and a lot of white stamen in the center of it
a flower with gray petals and grayish anther filaments and pistils.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and pointed.
the petals are white green in color,the stamens ar many with larger anthers
this flower has white petals with white and purple pistil in the center
this flower has thick pale pink tapered petals and clusters of tiny pink blossoms.
this flower has pointed, white petals on the outside and many small, bunched petals in the middle of the flower.
this flower jas pointed petals of a mostly white color with a large quanity of off white stamen.
a large white pedaled flower and small flowers in the center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.

two layers of pale violet petals are present, including a lower ring of pointed petals and an upper ring of wavy, filament-like petals, surrounding a pale green stamen.
the flowers has needles petals around the the stigmas and stamens.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white stamen and petals that are white in color
the outer petals are green in color,inner peals are purple and needle shaped
this purple and white flower has pointed petals and green yellow stamen.
the flower has bright green and purple petals with green and yellow stamens.
this flower has hair like petals with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower is purple, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has three filaments with anthers in the center.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has fused white pointed petals and large white anthers.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with white stamen
there are large white leaves and a few small, white stamen directly in the center of the flower
the crisp white flower has a pale yellow stamen, and a yellow ovule.
these trumpet shaped flowers have white petals and very pale yellow stamen, with a pale green pedicel.
this flower has pure white petals that wrap around the white stamen.
this flower has white petals, and a white stamen with green anther filament.s

the petals of the flower are red in color with a center made of orange anthers.
the flower shown has yellow pistil with smooth red petals
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this is a flower with red petals, yellow anthers and a black stigma.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong red petals in a ring.
this red flower has pointed petals and yellow orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the bright red flower has multiple layers of pointed petals with bright yellow stamen.

bright yellow petals with long green leaves
the petals have sharp tips and are yellow in color.
the flower shown has several layers of bright yellow petals.
the flower has bright yellow petals that are long and pointed and some have green at their tips while the stamen and stigma are also yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen and many layers
this flower has petals that are yellow and has many layers
this flower has long yellow petals with pointed tips arranged in a number of different rows.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are shiny and pointed at the tips.
this flower has an outer ring of long yellow petals and the center of tightly wrapped smaller yellow petals.
the flower was two layers of pedals that are long and skinny into a point with a yellow color.

white petals are fused into a tube shape with pink edges.
this flower features small white stamens surrounded by red tinged white petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink at the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow in the middle
this flower has white petals with red edges and yellow stamen in the center
this white, pink, and red flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has pink petals with light pink centers and dark pink edges
a pedicel and pink petals adorn this flower in the photo.

this unique flower houses blue petals and a pinkish covering its base.
these floppy blue flowers have long droopy petals.
this unique flower has pink, yellow, lavender and white petals.
the flower is purple while the ovary of the flower is red.
very distinctive stamen that is pink with petals coming out that are purple.
this flower has a vertical pink chevron holding thin purple petals.
this flower is pink and blue in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this flower has lavender petals protruding from petals of pink and green.
this flower has a very large bright pink sepals and petals that are light blue in color.

this flower is pink, white, and green in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the flower has petals that are star shaped with pale peach and white stripes.
flower stamen are longer with larger green in color anthers
this small ink and white pedaled flower is on a green pedicel.
the flower has peach and white petals with a green pedicel and white anther
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines and green stigma
this peach color flower has long white filaments with yellow anthems.
this flower has a green stem, yellow stamen and white anther filaments, and pink and white petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
these pink and white flowers show more pink near the petal's edges than in the middle where there are green and yellow stamen.

this is a round pink flower with long white anthers.
this flower has a large amount long stamen and two layers of long and pale purple petals that come to a point at the end.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen
an ornate purple flower with purple petals and purple and white stamen.
this flower has many purple petals as well as white filaments.
this flower has pink petals that have a flowery and green stigma
the flower has thin long purple petals with long stamen.
this flower hs light white, green and magenta anther filaments and stamen and pink and white broad petals.
this flower has light purple petals with large purple stamen all arranged in a globe-type shape.

the anthers are yellow in color and larger with smaller petals white in color
this flower has a large white petal and a large yellow stigma in the middle
the flower has a bowl shaped white petal with yellow and purple mixed in
this flower is white, yellow and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has several large white petals with rounded edges, accented with deep purple lines.
this flower has multi colored petals and white small anther.
this flower has large and very smooth white petals with rounded edges.
this white, red and yellow flower has pointed petals and a red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower has white petals and the pedicel is brown

this flower has petals that are yellow with white tips
this flower has a simple row of five white petals shaded with yellow at the end
the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has white petals with yellow in the center.
this flower has five very smooth white petals with yellow centers and rounded tips.
this flower has five rounded petals with white edges and yellowy orange centers.
a medium flower with five white petals that fade to yellow near the center of the petals.
this flower has smooth, white petals with orange centers.
the flower's five oval-shaped petals are bright yellow in the center of the flower, fading to white at the outer edges.

the dark pink spotted flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thick and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow with red dots
the six petal lillie blooms are varied shades of yellow and are highlighted with random spots of reddish brown color.
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has six petals with a base color of yellow and many red dots on each.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has long and thick orange petals with copious red markings.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
a flower with six petals that are covered in red speckles.

a bright pink and white flower that is star shaped with rounded throats.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are red near the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with red around the dges
the petals on this flower are white with pink around the edges
this flower has pink and white wilted petals which form a cup, with a yellow ovule in the center and string-like pink stamen coming out of it.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
the petals on this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is short and green
a pink star shaped flower with five petals and long stringy stamen at it's center.
this flower has a star-like configuration of white petals with bright red oblong edges.

this flower has five purple petals in a star pattern, stamen with purple filaments, and an elongated purple pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the flower has five rounded, deep pink petals arranged in a flat disc around the center.
this purple flower has many central stamen, five wide petals, and a long thin pink stigma.
this flower contains bright purple petals surrounding delicate sliver stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this flower has large purple petals with dark spots on them.
this flower has large bright pink petals in a star configuration.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has bright purple petals and a small green pedicel

what a beautiful flower with soft petals slightly colored in pink.
the flower has peach and white petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has light orange petals and a few yellow stamen in the middle
five peach colored soft rounded petals that are heavily veined surround an open center.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and have veins.
this flower has petals that are yellowe and has orange lines
this particular flower has petals that are light orange and yellow
this flower has a loose ring of overlapping light orange petals with rounded edges.

the flower petals re blue in color with a larger white stigm hanging
a flower with a large singular open petal which contains inside it a large visible green pistil.
this flower has a dark blue petal with a white stigma
this pretty blue flower has dark blue petals and a yellow anther.
the flower has petals that are dark blue and shaped like a star.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright blue with dark black inside.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a flowery stigma
the bloom of the flower is dark blue in color with a pistil that is yellow in color.
this dark blue flower has pointed petals and a white pistil.
this flower has large dark blue petals and a light colored pistil.

the flower shown has purple petals along with yellow and white anther in the center
this flower has overlapping wide petals in shades of pale purple.
very flat light purple petals that are overlapping, but have a bright yellow center made up of stamens.
a purple flower with large purple petals and a yellow and white stigma.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy in appearance.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower is made up of lavender petals that surround the yellow stamen.
this flower has overlapping pale purple petals with delicate veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
the flower has round soft petals that are light purple.

this unusual purple flower has one large purple petal and three small white ones.
the small flower has petals made of colors such as purple, white, and yellow.
this flower has two purple peddles and three that are white with lavender tips and a yellow center.
the flower has a purple petal with yellow and some dark spots
a small flower with white petals and also purples petals a yellow stamen.
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are very smooth in texture and they are varying shades of purple and white with yellow near the center.
there are deep purple petals and lighter purple petals and even one petal that is white and yellow with brown stripes.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of purple

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower shown has a droopy white petal with yellow stamen and a green pedicel
this flower has white petals with long yellow stamen in the center
the petals are white and the flower itself looks like an upside down pancake
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are curved down ward.
a very large pedaled flower with long yellow stigma.
a drooping pedicel with a circle of five white oval pedals with green narrow stripes and long golden yellow stamens.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has white petals with light green markings and bright yellow stamens.
this flower has white petals with yellow lines on them

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink, bell shaped and have pink spots on the interior of the bell.
a pink and red spotted flower with bell shaped petals.
the petals are purple in overall color. they also have deep purple spots inside on the inside.
the petals on this flower are purple with brown spots
the inside of these bell shaped petals is purple and spotted with white spots that are a burgundy color in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has a large number of pink bell shaped petals with some dark spots.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this pink and dark red flower has bell shaped petals and a light green pedicel.

the flower shown has small yellow petals with yellow pistil
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this is a flower with many long and stringy yellow petals.
this yellow flower has long, thin petals that radiate out from the center.
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals.
a yellow flower with any yellow petals at it's center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower is made up of lots of short needle like yellow petals on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

flowers has spiky needle shapd green petals,with perple stamen
a flower with spiny green sepals, and tiny, thin pink petals.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
thin pink petals rest on top of a green pointy sepal.
this flower has a bulbous set of sepals that are spiky in texture and a disk of thin purple petals.
this flower has a thick round green spiked base topped with a thick pink fringe.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has small red petals and little red anthers in the middle of them
the flower is dark orange with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
a small red flower with one layer of large outer petals that surround an inner layer of small red petals.
this flower has small red petals which are smooth and rounded at the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has clumps of blossoms grouped together that have small and rounded pink petals.
this reddish pink flower has rounded petals and a dark green pedicel.

this colorless flower has a lot of stigma and stamen.
this flower has white petals, with twisting pistils and long stamen.
the flower has petals that are separated and arranged like a disc around bunch of stamen
a white floer with six big flat petals that have purple color at the base and the flower has very big, long, and strong sturdy stigma and stamens.
a wildflower with smaller white oval petals dominated by a profusion of multiple pistils and stamen and fernlike pedicals.
this flower has white petals and green thorns and long protruding stigma.
this flower is white, purple, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
a flower with five white petals and long green stamen at it's center.
this flower has thick green pistils that stand upright on a base of oblong white petals.

this flower is bright pink in color, and has petals that are pink with a little white on the sides.
this set of pinkish-white flower petals cover the darker, blackish interior and stem.
flower has circular pink petals and a dark brown pedicel.
the petals are smooth and oval shaped with a solid dark pink color while the pedicels are of a dark brown color.
a wide, smooth, pink petals that are growing upwards
this flower has a long dark purple pedicel with pink smooth petals.
vibrant dark pink petals that reach to the sky atop a long stem.
this flower is pin kin color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower has bright pink petals with rounded edges that are arranged in an upright position.

this petals on this flower are white with thin red lines.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the flower has purple and white petals with white filament and yellow anther
this flower has petals that are white with pink stripes, white stamen, and yellow anthers on it
this flower has protruding stamen surrounded by several large white petals with pink accents.
this flower has petals that are largely white with a few pink stripes.
this flower has white and pink petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
half of the petals of this flower are white, while the others are white with pink stripes, and all petals are tinged with green in the center of the flower where the long filament and yellow anther are visible.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
rose colored petals with red streaks and yellowish bases surround brown anthers.
this unique flower has white petals with pink spots and a yellow center.
this flower has pale pink petals, with red streaks, a yellow center, and red stamen.
a light and park pink flower with yellow on the petals near the stamin.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this flower has a yellow stamen protruding out of pink pedals on a green stem.
this flower has wide pink petals with accents of deep red and yellow.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that have water on them.
this flower has a very beautiful peach colored tint on it's petals

a flower with large flat yellow petals, white sepal, and green pedicel.
the flower has a smooth yellow petal with a long green pedicel
this flower has a long pedicel and about four very delicate and brightly colored yellow petals at the top.
pretty yellow petals with white receptacle and green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are large and uneven on the edges.
the flower has four gold colored paper thin petals, and a light brown pedicel.
this flower has upturned yellow petals which are triangular and very smooth.
a simple bright yellow layer of rounded petals in a star pattern with no visible stamen or pistil and an off white pedicel and sepel.
this flower is yellow in color, with thin and wavy petals.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a white pedicel.

a flower that has violet petals that are surrounding a cluster of stamen
the flower has petals that are pink in color and a center that is orange.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and rounded.
the flower has a vibrant purple color with multiple tiny petals circling the circumference of the flower creating a perfect circle.
overlapping purple petals in two mingling layers, creased slightly and with rounded tips, surround a bundle of dark purple and yellow stamens.
this flower has an indigo center and long purple petals with rounded tips.
this flower has small purple oblong petals arranged closely together in a ring.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thin purple petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has a rounded red petal with a lot of yellow anthers
this flower has reddish petals that have noticeable veining and overlap.
the flower is bowl shaped and has red petals that are separated and surrounding the stamen
the flower has red petals surrounding the yellow anther and filament
this flower is red in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has red petals with a fair amount of yellow stamen with small anther.
five tightly shaped closed in red oval shaped petals with yellow stamens.
a red flower with many stamen at it's center pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has dense yellow stamen inside of a cupped arrangement of red petals.

green pedicel and sepal supporting sparse pink, yellow and white petals.
the flowers are alternayely arranged and the petals are light pink in color
the flower has pink petals shaped like bells with white spots on them
this flower has bright pink petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has horn shaped pink petals that get yellow right before the pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pedicel.
the petals of the flower are a cup like shape, and consist of shades of pink and white.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the large orange and yellow petals of this flower are supported on sturdy stems among clusters of thick round leaves with white veins.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has red and orange petals with yellow pistil
the petals are a deep green with white veins. the petals of this flower have a variety of colors, including orange, yellow and red.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has brightly colored petals that are varying shades of red and orange.
an orange flower with red patches on it's many petals.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has a long, curved pedicel that is green and a checkered patterned petal.
the flower is facing down and has prints on the outside of the petals.
the petals on this flower are purple with white spots and they appear to be drooping
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this large flower with purple petals adorned with faint white spots droops downward.
this flower has purple petals speckled with large white dots and droops towards the ground
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has white and purple spotted petals that droop towards the ground.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple with white spots.

the leaves are large and greeen in color with the yellow starshaped petals
the flower has small overlapping bright yellow petals with gold centers.
these heart shaped flowers are yellow with a orange center.
this is a flower with bright yellow petals, surrounding an orange interior.
this beautiful yellow flower has heart shaped petals and the inner trumpet is orangish, the ovule is back to yellow.
this flower has small yellow petals that overlap in a wheel arrangement.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has a green sepal and pedicel as well as yellow and orange petals.
this flower has slightly overlapping yellow petals which are heart-shaped with orange centers.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are heart shaped and orange near the center.

this baby blue flower has triangular petals making it look like a star.
this flower has many three pointed blue petals that surround a five part pistil with anthers radiating out below.
a light blue flower with a spider web of leaves behind the petals.
the pretty flower has a lot of short blue petals.
this beautiful white flower has is shaped like a star with pretty green steams in the middle
this flower has layers of pointy-tipped petals in shades of pale blue.
this flower is light blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
a white pedaled flower with a wavy dark green stigma.
this beautiful blue flower has off green stems coming out of it

this flower has drooping petals that are purple with white dots.
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
the petals on this flower are purple with white dots
this flower has wide petals with a speckled pattern of purple and white, which form a cup shape facing downward.
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted purple with tear drop shapes.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this purple, bell-shaped flower grows upside down and has many spots on the outside of the petals.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple with spots.
this flower has purple and white dotted petals with a green pedicel.

outer petals are light purple in color and klarger,inner petals are needle shaped
this flower has a layer of white petals on bottom, a layer of light purple petals in the middle, and a layer of very thing purple petals on top.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
this is a strange flower with purple and white petals and green stamen.
the flower has five pale purple petals, five with petals and an oddly shaped green pistil.
this flower has rounded green and purple petals and a fringe of purple hairs.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has stringy stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has a row of long green and purple petals under a row of long needle petals.

this yellow flower has several rows of thin, long petals and smaller more tightly clustered petals at it's center.
flat, yellow petals that appear similar in shape to grass stalks surround a darker yellow center of stamen.
this small flower has narrow long yellow petals in layers around the center of yellow stamen.
this yellow flower has long, narrow petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
this bright yellow flower has pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this pale yellow flower has an outer row of star-shaped petals and an inner trumpet-shaped row, and also a prominent yellow pistil
this flower has thin yellow petals arranged in a fan circular shape with yellow stamen in the center and surrounded by green grass.
this flower has a rounded mass of layers of very thin yellow petals.

this flower has numerous yellow stamen and wide, ruffled white feathers.
this white petal flower looks like a bed sheet with many wrinkles with the yellow center looking like a large cheerleading pom-pom.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this white flower has large, wrinkly petals and an orange, spiky stamen.
this unique flower has several large white fluttery petals and one solid yellow center
the petals of the flower have a wrinkled appearance, and it has a vibrant white color.
this flower has what looks to be about five broad white petals with a rumpled texture and a ball of yellow stamens.
this flower has a globe-like arrangement of yellow stamen with very large white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are white.

this white flower has bright yellow stamen with large anther.
this flower has petals that are gree with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that have pink veins.
the flower has white petals with a yellow stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow pistil and white petals as its main features
a simple white and yellow bloom with several prominent bright yellow delicate stamen.
this flower has slightly heart shaped white petals with deep veins surrounding a bright yellow ovary.
the petals of the flower have a shape that resembles a four leaf clover, and have various shades of green, red, and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the flower has white heart shaped petals and yellow stamen.

the pollen tube on the flower matches the pink color of the petals.
the flower shown has pink petals, and a pink pollen tube.
prominet pink pistil,yellow anthers and red petals
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
this flower is pin and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma
this flower has five rounded and slightly ruffled red petals and a long red stamen.
a bright pink flower a long stigma and a yellow tip.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light red colored.

the flower is pink and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming a disc like shape and also the petals have dark pink spots on them
this flower has a few long dark pink petals that have red spots and yellow smears on half of them.
the petals of this flower are pink and red with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are red with dark dots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this flower is pinkish-red with yellow highlights in the centers of its six slim petals.
this flower has pink and yellow spotted petals, yellow stamen and anther filaments and a long slender stem.
six pink and yellow petals with red dots and long yellow anthers in the center.

this flower features symmetric lavender petals that the around multiple stamen, arranged in the shape of a ball.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the end.
the stamen are many in number and larger in size with large anthers
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has long pink petals and a lot of white anthers
these flowers contain many purple and white petals as well as purple anthers.
the flower has light purple petals that are a darker purple on their pointed ends and white filaments with purple anther.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with ovalshaped petals.
this flower has tall stamen sitting on top of a flat layer of white and purple petals.

the large circular purpler petals have a yellow center, white filaments, and dark yellow anthers.
this flower has white and light purple petals with a greenish yellow center and brown and white stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower has light purple petals and long white filaments.
this flower is strangely flat with a few small anthers randomly coming out the center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges .
petals are broad and light purple in color with darker purple veins and green in the center of the flower with dark yellow anthers and white filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green shading
this flower is pink and white with white filament and yellow anther, the ovule is visible.
this flower has a yellow ovary, yellow stamen, a white pistil, and white petals with purple veins.

the flowers has three purple petals that have uneven borders.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are light lavender and overlapping.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of pink
this flower has pink leaves, purple petals, and a light green pedicel.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading
this flower has lightly colored purple petals with a smooth surface and slightly uneven edges.
this calm purples all over the flower two different kind peddles very beautiful.

this round flower has many pointed thin purple petals which protrude in all directions.
this flower has hundred of tiny purple petals that form in clusters and create a sphere-like structure around the ovule.
the petals on this flower are really spiky and are purple
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the petals of this flower are indigo and the pedicel is white
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower has a globe-type of shape that has very many small blue petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are pointy.
this flower has a spike-shaped petal structure and a white pedicel.

this flower has a large red petal with bright yellow anther
this flower has numerous bright red petals , with yellow pollen tubes and a deep red colored stigma in the center.
this flower has several overlapping layers of round red petals with slightly tapered tips.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a large red flower with wide petals and a large center.
the pedals are smooth red ovals, while the stamen are yellow, the pistil is a deep brown.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow lines
this flower has a few layers of bright red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong petals and small yellow stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.

the petals of this flower are purple and white with a short stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are curled inward.
first you see grass like leaves then small tulip shaped, white with blue striped flowers appear.
the flower has petals that are lavender with purple stripes and purple at the bottom of the petal.
this flower has petals that are white with purple lines
this flower is small and has a very nice purple color to it.
this flower is small in size, with white pedals that have blue veins going through them.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple lines
the flower has medium light lilac petals with lavender veins sitting on a very dark green pedicel.
this tea cup flower has veins of purple flowing through the six lavender petals.

this flower has pink petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
these strange looking flowers is pink with long petals and long green stems
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this pink blossom has five narrow curved petals radiating from the center and very long pink stamen.
this flower has multiple pedicles and skinny and pointy petals.
this vibrant pink flower has star-shaped petals and an inner white stamen.
the petals on this flower are big and seperate while the stamen is detached and also purple in color.
the petals are very thin, there are about 5 of them and the plant has pink stigmas.
a pink and white group of flowers that pedals that are curled on the tips.

this flower has petals that are orange and folded together
this flower has multiple layers of pale orange petals that cover over the stamen.
the flower is pink with petals that are forming a dense layer in the centre and gradually forming layers towards the outer region
this flower is light orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower is very beautiful it looks like a subtle peach or orange rose.
this flower has petals that are pink and is bunched together
this flower has a spiral of pale peach colored petals with softly ruffled edges.
this flower has orange petals that grow paler the farther away they are, the pistil is covered by the petals.
this flower has light orange and pink petals and a long light brown stem.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.

the bowl shaped yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and enclosing stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this is a small yellow flower with round petals on it.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has bright yellow petals and yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this yellow flower has petals as well as a stamen.
the bright yellow petals form a bowl shape around a cluster of bright yellow stamens.

a flower with wide, broad blue petals and central cluster of green stamen
the petals are white, with yellow pistils and a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and with white stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are a bright white color, with a light white stripe down the center of the petal.
this flower has white, flat petals and long, white stamen.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of blue petals with white stripes down their center.
this flower has six fan like white petals that surround the yellow stamen.

a pink and white star shaped flower with yellow stamen.
this flower has thin pink and white petals as its main feature.
the flower has bright pink and white trumpit shaped petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the centers.
this star shaped flower has pink whittish petals and yellow stamen
this flower has five large and vivid pink petals with slightly tapered shapes.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
there are five petals on the bloom and the color of the petals are hot pink with specks of white.
this flower has large red and white petals with a long white pistil.
this flower has a star-like configuration of bright pink petals with pointed edges and a light yellow ovary.

the petals of this flower are lavender in color and grow down from the center.
the flower sepals are green and smaler while tha anthers are larger and red in color
this flower has a pink petal and a red anther filament
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by numerous down turned purple petals.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
the purple petals on this flower point back toward the ground and surround a large bulb of dark red stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has lavender petals with long oval shaped edges attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has a thick green pedicel with small sepals underneath a ring of purple oblong petals.

this flower is purple in color with five petals, and greed pedecils.
the petals of the flower are bright purple while the sepals are green.
the flower has several purple petals with mossy looking pedicel
the flowers have green leaves, purple petals, dark purple stamen with lighter anthers.
this purple flower has petals that appear to be enmbracing each other to protect stamens.
the petals of the flower are dark purple in color with dark green leaves.
this flower has large and very delicate petals in shades of soft purple.
a blue flower with petals and the yellow stigma and anther and the leaves are green and thin
a flower that has long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower is purple and black in color, with wavy and thin petals.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
the round red flower has wide petals and a yellow center.
this flower has bright red petals, and some yellow stamen in the center
the petals are red with green stems on them.
this flower has red petals and a long green pedicel.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has red petals that are all horizontal, and a set of yellow stamen.
the delicate red flower is growing in a field of green.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower has large red petals and a yellow center.

this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this brightly colored orange flower grows in clusters, with each flower having small, pale, stamen at the center.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and are arranged in a cluster.
the flower has larger stamen that are white in color with orange in color petals
this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
the petals are bright yellow and orange,there are many leaves.
this plant has many orange flowers grouped together, each with a small clump of white stamen at their center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
the petals of this flower and bright orange and in the shape of a spoon
this flower has orange petals and sits in a pedicel that is green in color.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
the flower has petals that are upright and golden with red anther and golden filament.
four broad yellow petals and matching yellow stamen.
the funnel shaped flower is yellow with its petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
the flower has sparse yellow petals that are deep colored.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
delicate golden yellow fluted petals with brown tipped stamen strands.
this flower has yellow fans shaped petals that surround the yellow stamen.
this flower has small yellow petals and long yellow stamens.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow pistil with green pedicel and yellow petals
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by short yellow petals with rounded edges.
pedicel is gren,sepals are gree, and flower is yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has a loose wheel-like configuration of rounded yellow petals that are cupped slightly.
this flower has petals that open up flat and are bright yellow with yellow stamen.
this simple yellow flower has large outer petals and long green sepals.

the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this is a red flower with connected petals and brown stamen.
the petals on this flower are red with a yellow pistil.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are all connected.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this red flower has rounded petals and a yellow green pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has a funnel-like appearance with smooth bright red petals.
the bright red petals form a flat circle at the edges and form a narrow vase shape around green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen

this flower has dark red pistil and drooping purple petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has long, skinny purple petals with a conical sphere of reddish brown stamen.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
a large purple flower that its pedals flop down and a brown large stigma.
this flower has long thin lavender colored petals that are drooping below the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has purple petals surrounding a brown and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals on this flower are white with green veins.
the flower shown has white pistil with smooth white petals
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has jagged white petals that has yellow lines on them
a flower with a petal that si white and pointed at the tips.
a white flower with green veins and a small green and yellow stigma.
a white flower with green veins and a small green and yellow stigma.

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
flower has petals that are light pink with green pedicel.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged on green sepal
sepals are green in color,the petals are rounded and are light purple in color
this flower has smooth and very soft pink petals in ruffled shapes.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower has light pink petals and very small pointed green sepals.
a flower with short and wide petals that are light purple.
there are smooth white petals above narrow and pointed septals and multiple flowers on the pedicel.

this flower has small white petals and a purple pedicel as its main features
a flower with a long pedicel and smal purple petals surrounding purple stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small, thin white petals as its main feature.
this delicate flower has dark pink bulbs that turn into very light pink petals when they bloom.
this flower has a thick red and green stem producing delicate pale pink petals.
this flower has very small purple sepals with smooth white petals.
a flower with short and rounded petal that is pink.
this flower has petals that are white and has red tips
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.

the circular, heavily-veined petals are tightly wrapped around the yellow stamens in several rows and are yellow on the inner layers and green on the outer-most layer.
this flower has large yellow petals and no visible outer stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this large blossom has rounded, wide yellow petals which fold protectively over its center.
tightly compact petals that fold in on themselves that are light green.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded inwards
this flower has not yet bloomed; there are several rows of petals on the bud.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wrapped closely around the ovary.
this flower has rounded yellow petals that are layered upon each other.
a flower with long and wide petals that curl inwards.

the petals on this flower are white with a yellow splotch.
this interesting flower has white oval shaped petals and a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with purple and yellow shading
this flower has large white petals which are long and wide with smooth surfaces.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower has long white petals that curve at their edges which surround.
this flower has smooth white oblong petals with a trumpet shaped petal at the center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
this flower has large and very long, distinct smooth white petals, and a ruffled mouth of purple and yellow.

a cluster of red flowers with no visible anther filaments nor pistils.
this flower has small red petals and no visible outer stigma
the pedals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flowers are overllaping both with red colored petals with larger anthers
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and in bunched together
a flower with long and wide petals that are burnt red.
this flower has lots of red shell shaped petals that surround the darker pistel.

this flower has two rows of pink petals with the stamen at the middle
this flower has a tiny central white blossom surrounded by pointed pink petals which are veined and leaflike.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
a flower with white stamen, green stigma, red petals, and green pedicel
this flower has leaf-shaped red petals with pointed tips and small veins.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this red flower has dark red filament with contrasting white anthers.
this flower has very small white petals surrounded by extremely large pink sepals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with very small petals.

this flower has many bright purple petals that appear to have barbs or come to a sharp point at their ends.
the petals of this flower are lavender with a long stigma
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this is a small flower with long purple petals and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower has long purple petals that grow upwards.
small lavender blooms have long pollen tubes that attract honey bees.
this flower has purple shredded petals attached to a green sepal and green pedicel.
a light purple flower with a light green stem attached.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stingy
the petals are light yellow while the stamen is darker yellow nearing the middle.
the flower shown has small yellow petals with yellow pistil in the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has rounded layers of thin yellow petals and yellow hairs.
the flower has many golden stamen surrounded by thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
this flower has four wide petals colored pink and yellow stamen.
the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals in the shape of ovals and are violet in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
a light purple flower with a yellow long curvy stigma.
this flower has wide pale pink petals with rounded edges and thick veins.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped with veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has thin yellow stamen and a tall white pistil surrounded by a cross-configuration of rounded light pink petals.

this flower consists of a stem that leans to the right at the top and holds the flower which consists of a pointed purple flower with several orange ruffled petals that fold back from it.
this is a flower with a bent green pedicel surmounted by sharp looking orange petals.
this flower has long orange pointy petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has long orange spiky petals lifting above a spiked stem.
this flower is orange and green in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower resembles a bird with long pointy orange petals and a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are long are pointy, and has a vibrant orange color.

the flower has many petals that are thin and purple.
the flower is dull purple in color with large many stamens that are purple in color and hanging outside
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has spiky purple sepals surrounding several layers of fringed, very thin purple petals.
this purple flower has many purple petals and a very large pedicel.
this flower has a large ball of purple needle like pedals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this flower has a rounded ball of thin hair-like fringed blue petals in a globe shape.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have leaves that are green in color.
a group of large purple flowers that are thin pedals.

the petals of this flower are white with a large stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this white flower has slightly overlapping petals and a flower head that consits of a bunch stamens and one pistil.
this flower has wide, white petals connected to a stamen with a green center and many small, yellow stigma coming from it.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
a white flower with soft white petals surrounding a green ovule that is covered in yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a very large white flower with a large orange stigma.

this pretty flower has small red petal with a red center.
this bright red flower has two layers of teardrop shaped petals and bright yellow pistil.
this flower has a large round red petal, and a dark red anther filament
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with red petals including orange anther filaments and dark pistils.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has bright red oblong petals in a couple of layers.
this bright red flower has rounded petals and a brownish red pedicel.
this flower has large bright red petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen

this flower has large golden yellow petals with a yellow and red stamen area.
the flower has thin pollen tubes and heart shaped yellow petals.
petals are yellow in color,stamens with larger anthes
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has bright yellow rounded petals arranged in a slightly overlapping ring.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
large circular yellow petals with streaks of red towards the center with a series of long yellow stamen.
this flower has small, very round yellow petals with bright red accents.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.

the white petals surround the yellow anther and filament on this flower
round flower with many white long thin petals with a large yellow center
this medium flower with long white petals has a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and rounded on the ends.
a white flower with many petals and a yellow center
this flower has a ring of thin oblong white petals.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a dense amount of thin white petals and a large yellow pistil.
this flower has a rounded yellow center and long thin white petals with rounded edges.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow centers.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color while the buds are red.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
this flower has five white petals which are yellow as you get closer to the ovule, and have a slight red tinge on their bottoms.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower is made up of five white petals with yellow closer to the pistil.
this flower has red receptacles with white petals that have yellow sections.
a flower with long and curly petals that are white with yellow center.

the ovary area is small with small purple petal surrounding it.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the petals are large and range in color from dark purple to light purple mixed with white and the stamen is yellow and black.
a flower with large rounded purple petals and a cluster of yellowish blackened stamen in the center.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a patch of white
this flower that has petals that fade from white to purple and form a hood at the top.
this is a purple flower with asymmetrical petals and a tangled yellow and black center
this flower has wide and rounded purple petals with paler lilac and white centers.
the petals of this flower are dark indigo and the pedicel is green

this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are ruffled and white in the center.
the flower has a blue petal with a yellow pollen tube
sepals are green in color,petals are blue in color
this electric blue flower has soft petals with a deep receptacle and a strong stem with arrow shaped leaves.
this flower has petals that are blue with a yellow stigma
this is a blue flower with one large petal and a thin yellow pistil.
this flower is a medium bright blue petals with white and yellow inside wit spots and a yellow pistil.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
a flower with blue petal and small green leaves
this flower has petals that are blue and has green patches

this flower has yellow pistil and yellow petals as its main features
this is large flower with yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
the flower has a yellow color and the stigma of the flower is yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has a star-like configuration of yellow petals surrounding a single tall trumpet shaped petal.
the inner layer of yellow petals appears to be one piece in a bell shape with jagged edges and the outer layer of yellow petals are flat and symmetrical.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
a bell shape flower in the front and a flat part on the back.

this flower has purple petals and green thorn sepal and as its main features
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has a green sepal with many long and stringy purple petals.
this flower petals is purple in color with green stems with a spike look
the flower has petals that are thin and flat with purple filaments.
this flower has petals that are green and has green and has purple stamen
this flower has a spiked green globe topped with a purple fringe.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are of a hair like consistency and are a bold pink color.
this flower has a large, light green spiny pedicel and spiny purple petals.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with a bit of yellow and black lines
this white flower has soft oval petals surrounding internal yellow color variations with a green stamen.
the pedals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this is a white flower with a yellow center and a few black lines around the center going down the petals.
white outer leaves stained yellow with pollen slender black filaments
this flower has five white petals, one with some yellow and tiny brown lines toward the center.
this small flower has white petals, a yellow ovule and a single white pollen tube.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that have a few striped near the cetner.
this flower has smooth white petals, one of which has a small spot of yellow on it.

the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
the flower is violet with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged around stamens
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are multicolored.
purple with yellow flowery stigma
this flower has purple petals and a green and yellow ovule.
this flower has wide and rounded purple petals surrounding a darker purple center with yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
the lavender, fan-shaped petals form a circular flower that fades to white and then dark purple toward the center and has short yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals and has yellow and green stamen

the flower stamen are longer in lenght with larger anthers t
the flower shown has thin pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has a lot of red petals with long red stamen on it
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red with long steman
this flower has large pink pointed petals and long pink anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has bright pink pedals with long pink anther and filament.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
the flower has many soft pink petals and pink stamen.

concentric rows of round, deep pink petals surround the center with small yellow stamen.
the filaments are in the center of the flower that has pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are round.
the flower has large rounded shaped petal tha are red in color with yellow colored stamen
this multi-tiered bright pink blossom has yellow stamen and waxy green leaves.
this flower has layers of wide smooth red petals with very rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly light red in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is made up of three rows of pink clam shaped petals around yellow stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
a pink flower with layered narrow petals and tiny stamen sitting on green sepal.
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers forming a disc around stamens
the petals on this flower are a hot pink with red pistil in the middle
this flower has many petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has a couple of layers of thin bright pink oblong petals.
a broad pink flower with many tiny pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this is a pink flower with thin petals and a dark pink pistil.
this round pink flower has many thin layered petals around its dark pink pistil.

this flower has six large rounded white petals surrounding yellow stamen.
the white slender petals have a yellow tipped filament in the middle of the flower.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and shaped like a star
the flower has fine and thin petals that are forming a disc like shape that is leaving the stamen wide open in the atmosphere
this flower features long thin yellow stamens emanating from a green ovary framed by six white oval petals.
slender white outer leaves with long yellow filaments with yellow anther attcahed
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower has yellow stamen and thin oval white petals.
this petal has six simple white petals in a single row with orange-yellow stamen and anther filaments and a green ovule.

the flower has petals that are stacked red and yellow.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has a dark red petal and a bright yellow petal as well
this petals on this flower are a thin, papery yellow.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are very small
a flower with short and pointed petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
the tiny, yellow petals are arranged in a pine cone shape on a maroon pedicel.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
a red flower with yellow petals surrounding a red pedicel.

this flower has multiple layers of white petals surrounding yellow filaments and cone shaped stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower has large white petals and a large yellow stigma in the middle
the bright yellow pistil of this flower is ringed by vibrant yellow filaments and layers of white pointed oblong petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layered white petals surrounding a short yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are white and have pink tips on the end and the pistil is yellow
this flower has a thick yellow stamen surrounded by upturned white petals.
this flower has multiple rows of white petals with pink tips surrounding a yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pink on the tips.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy and bunched.
this flower is a bright red, coral like, branch of several tiny flowers.
this flower has petals that are red with tiny leaves
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this is a thin flower with red petals and green leaves.
this flower has small red petals that are bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has red long flaky like petals blossoming out of green leaves.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are bright red.
this flower is red shooting straight up like a tree with many petals climbing the stem and they are bunched together

this is a large flower with pink petals and green ovary.
the petals are hot pink with purple at the ends while the receptacle is dark green.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are very skinny and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
seapls ae green in color,petals are red in color and are smaller in size
this flower has a thick green spiked bulb topped with long spiky red petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has pointy pink petals atop a dark brown/purple pedicel.
this flower has short spiky green and pink sepals and a large number of thin spiky pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are bunched.
the flower shown has layers of small purple and white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower is roundish with many purple overlapping petals and a green sepal.
this flower displays violet petals with white filaments and white anthers
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny purple petals with deep ruffles.
a flower with bright purple ragged petals, and a green pedicel.
this flower has lots of small lavender clustered petals with many white stamen in the middle.
a flower with many overlapping lavender petals and a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together

this flower has petals that are purple with many steman
the flowers have long pink petals that are vertically striped.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink in the center.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
the flower has a set of 8 white petals with a pink line in the middle of the petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
this flower has a small clump of stamen at the center of white oblong petals with purple stripes.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are purple with a black stripe and white center.
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are uneven along the edges.
pedicel is green in color,flower is blue in color and capsule in shape
this flower has petals that are blue with black lines
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower has petals that are blue and has dark lines
this flower has conjoined dark blue petals which are soft and smooth.
the violet petals have a central dark streak that form a star-like pattern from the center.
this flower has a funnel-like shape with very bright blue petals with a white pistil.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower is star shaped with many red pedals.
this flower has long pointed red petals and a red stigma in the center
the flower has oputer petals that are green in color and the inner petals are brown in color
this flower has petals that are red and has pointy ends
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips and shiny.
this flower has thick and very sharp red petals with waxy texture.
the flower has deep pink petals that are come to a point.
this flower has purple petals with pointy tips to them in a stacking pattern.

the flower shown has purple petals with spots in the inside.
flowers are alternately arranged,are pink in color with some brown patchs on the inside of the petals
this flower has many bell shaped pink blossoms with rounded petals arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the insides.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the flowers are alternating on their pedicel and each has one petal that is purple on the outside and covered with many white circles containing a darker purple in their centers.
this flower has burgundy petals with darker colored dots leading to the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has a pink horned shaped petal with white and dark maroon spots on the inside.

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by wide purple petals with rounded edges.
the flower has petals that are light purple with yellow center.
the flower shown has a smooth purple petal with yellow stamen
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
lavender petals around a yellow stamen with white in the center.
this flower has light purple colored petals in a spiral formation.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of pale purple petals.
the petals on this flower are beautiful and violet and the pistil is little and yellow
a purple flower with spiral formed petals around a white and yellow ovary.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
the flower has wilted petals that are dense, brown and pink.
petals are needle shaped and are curled,they are light pink in color
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this very soft lavender flower has some spike like leaves and it has a bee receiving nectar from the pollen tubes.
this flower has lots of spiky thin white petals and multiple green sepals.
this flower contains large sepal that point down, small white pistil.
this flower has thin and pale pink petals which protrude outwards, curled softly.

this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are white down the centers.
this flower has petals that are dark orange, with a white stripe, white filament and yellow anther.
this flower has peach and white petals with green ather as its main features
the flower has petals that are pointed and are orange and white in color.
these flowers have brown and white petals that are connected to each other.
the flower has six coral colored petals with a white steak in the center, it has a large pistil, and large stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is trumpet shaped with petals that are a burnt orange color striped with white.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white lines
this flower has six red petals with white stripes down the center and smaller stripes next to the large stripe.

a small flower made up of five round smoothed pink red petals.
the rounded pale green leaves are broad with large red colored rounded petals with few stamens
this flower has a dark link petal and a green pistil
this flower is red in color, with small veins in the petals.
the broad, overlapping petals are a deep orange-red, and the leaves are circular with alternating patches of green and white.
this flower has a loose ring of rounded red petals with a wrinkled texture and a yellow ovary.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has five large and very round red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has bright hot pink petals that are flat with darker pink veins surrounding a greenish center.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
there are a variety of colors on the flowers being purple and red.
this flower has purple to peach colored connected petals with darker streaks and short yellow center stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with red lines
this is a pink flower with one large petal that gets dark pink in a star-shaped pattern toward the receptacle.
the petals are pale colored and are striped with coral orange, deep magenta, and purple veins.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and pink and has dark lines
this flower has white petals with purple creases that lead into one single stamen.

the flower has yellow petals which surround the peach colored stamen
a flower with five individual waxy yellow petals and a cluster of pentagonal stamen.
this flower has large yellow petals and a long tan stamen in the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has yellow color with most of it's stamen colored in dark yellow shade.
this flower has shiny round yellow petals with smooth edges and tan stamen in the center of it.
this yellow flower has five rounded petals with a green pedicel.
flat yellow petals surround the green anther on this flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has pink petals and no visible stigma or stamen on the inside
a bright pink flower with large dropping petals and a dark red pedicel.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upward
this flower has a green and pink receptacle and bright pink petals with smooth edges.
this flower has smooth thin pink petals with a thick brown pedicel
a flower with bright pink folded inward petals and red pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.

the blooms of the flower are red and are situated in a bunch and grow along a green stem.
the plant has alternating flowers with large rounded pink petals that has fewrwe stamen with large anthaers
this flower is red and pinkish color petals with a green stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and multi colored.
this flower has a large pink petal and a light green pistil
this many bloomed coral flower has coral petal and yellow staten with a bumpy green stalk.
this flower has petals that arered and has a yellow center
has large cluster of flower with pink, orange petals, and yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red color, with shades of orange throughout.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this flower has pink petals with white wilted tips around a cluster of tiny yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with white edges and has many yellow stamen.
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink flower has five big pink petals, green pistil and numerous yellow stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
a flower with a white- purple ombre set of petals and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are light purple.
this purple and blue flower has rounded pedals and yellow stamen.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen.
the white flower has fused petals that are forming star shape, soft, thin and enclosing stamen with white anthers
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has a white funnel-shaped petal with uneven edges and a yellow ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow lines
this white trumpet shaped flower is ruffled and is part of a shrub and has green deep in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.

this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
dark red petals with jar middle medium green leaves
the flower shown has small red colored petals with green pedicel
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has layer of red petals with the stamens at the middle
the blooms on the flower are red in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has small orange petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has small pink petals that are smooth and round.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

this flower has petals that are white and bunched together
this flower has large white petals and a white stamen in the middle
this flower has large white petals as its main feature
flower with fluffy white petals and yellow receptacle and green pedicel
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this white flower has dense, many layered, wavy and rounded petals.
this flower has wide ruffled white petals with delicate accents of pale purple.
this flower is fully white white tiny yellow stamen.
the petals are white and rufflley with yellow stamen in the center.
the petals of the flower has a vibrant white color, with shades of green throughout.

a large yellow and orange flower with layered petals and short filament.
the flower has petals that are pale pink and overlapping with yellow center.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in layer after layers forming a disc shape around the yellow stamen
this flower has orange petals, yellowish anther and filament, and green pedicel.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with many layers of light pink petals and yellow petals at it's center with a cluster of pink stamen.
this flower has peach petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this is a light orange flower with oval-shaped petals that gets yellow toward the receptacle.

this flower has numerous layers of overlapping ruffled petals in yellow with pink edges.
this beautiful flower has white and pink petals .
the petals on this fully doubled flower unfolds in a rippled pattern; it is yellow with bright pink tips on the petals.
purple edged white layered petals barely revealing a light green and white pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink around the edges.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has pink edges
a flower with long and wavy petals with yellow and purple tips.
these flowers are hello and pink!
this flower is made up of many ribbon like yellow pink edged petals.

this flower has petals that are pink and in a pinwheel shape
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flowers are pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around stamens
a pink flower with large pink petals and yellow and black stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with burgundy center.
this flower has pink petals with slightly pointed tips and a very small yellow pistil.
this pink flower has petals as well as a pedicel.
a flower that has pink petals and is bright pink and black by the stamen.
this beautiful pink flower has many pink pedals with a bright yellow and black inside.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green

the flower has petals that are arranged in layers and are yellow in color.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
the flower has a yellow and white petal which is very smooth
the rose is blooming, with the external petals open and a button in the center.
this flower has concentric rows of yellow ruffled petals and a rosette of tightly packed petals in the middle.
this flower has layers of pale yellow petals which are smooth and wide with curling edges.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has many layers of light yellow petals that are smooth in texture with rounded edges wrapped tightly around each other.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
a lemon yellow flower with lots of petals

the flower petals are alternating and are wihte in color with yellow stamen
the flower has white petals with point edges and yellow anther in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this medium white flower has curved waxy petals and yellow stamen.
elegant looking rounded oval white petals surround a sunrise yellow color set of stamen in the center of this flower.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this white flower has dense many layered pointy petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is made up of multiple layers of elongated white petals surrounding a yellow stamen.

the flower has petals that are bright pink and bell shaped.
this flower features a series of buds from which long purple petals emanate.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has bright pink petals with white splotches that give the flower a tube like appearance.
this flower has purple petals and white pistil as its main features
lots of pedicel with green sepals and pink flowers
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has many heads on the pedicel, each has their own purple petal or petals that cover the pistil and are angled down.
this flower has a bright green receptacle with bright pink petals.
this flower has purple, bell shaped petals and light green pedicels.

a yellow and a orange flower with a green leaf
these peach colored flowers have layered petals and bright yellow centers.
the flowers shown have small white and peach petals with yellow anther in the center
the flower is made of petals that are pink and yellow that alternate in a round pattern.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are bunched on top of each other.
this flower has layers of tapered-rip peach colored petals with yellow accents.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has peach and yellow colored small oblong petals.
the petals are orange and yellow with dark red stripes and the stamen are clustered and golden colored.
these flowers have several rows of petals, with the color getting progressively lighter from the bottom row.

a light pink purplerish flower on a sharp green leaves beneath it
the flower has purple stamen sitting on top of green point petals
this flower has a grouping of light pink thin petals coming out of its green spiky sepal covering.
an interesting flower that has big spherical base from which spine-like several sepals grow out and several bright pink spine-like petals.
the flower on the spiky plant is pink and stringy in appearance.
this flower has a thick green pineapple-shaped base with a fringe of thick purple hairs.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pointy and sharp.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very stringy
this flower has a spiky green bulb shaped bottom half, with a purple fluffy tuft at the top.
this flower has a spiky bulbous group of sepals underneath a disk of thin purple petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with many red stamen.
this flower has petals that are punk with red stamen
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has low hanging light purple petals that are thin with red stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with numerous stamen
this flower is pink and orange in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has very long and narrow lavender petals with a prominent red pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has long single row of pink downward petals surrounding a bright red stamen.

this flower has purple petals and a very large pollen tube.
v
a flower that has mostly white petals, with a purple/pink star pattern and a light yellow center
this white flower contains purple and pink star shaped accents, and has 5 petals.
light lavender, trumpet-shaped flower with dark lavender star, centered with white reproductive organs.
a light blue flower with a purple star markings and a deep center.
this flower has a round white ruffled shape and a star-shaped purple accent.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that have a purple star on them.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple lines
this flower has pearl white coloured petals and each petal has a lavender line through it which forms a star when the petals are together.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stamen
this flower has red pistil and smooth yellow petals as its main features
this daisy type flower has long slender petals with rounded ends, arranged in two and sometimes three layers, and the brown, short stamen and pistel are easily identified when the flower opens fully.
bright yellow panels orange middle dark green leaf
this flower has a large amount of deep yellow petals surrounding its brown-colored center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly orange yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color brown.
this flower has a brown center with layers of serrated-tip yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
a trumpet shaped flower with purple nand white petals and large green sepals.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower is purple in color, with bell shaped petals.
this flower has five wide, round purple petals which are semi-sheer and veined.
this is a trumpet shaped purple flower with many green narrow pointed leaves.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.

five papery delicate petals surround a dark red throat and it has a long pollen tube with stamen and filaments at the top.
this flower is yellow, red and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the lage petal are red in in the inner part with white and light yellow spotted outer part with a large ang longer pistil hanging outside
short white stamen extend into smaller yellow anther; the petals are large, flat, wrinkled and light yellow in color.
this flower has a protruding yellow pollen tube surrounded by five large, ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are pink near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
this flower has milky yellow pedals with white turning to bright red in the center and a very large protruding stigma.
this flower has a prominent pistil coming out of a red ovary and surrounded by a wheel of rounded pale yellow petals.

this is a flower with a large stigma and yellow petals.
this flower has nice yellow petals and a yellow and green ovule.
the flower shown has small yellow petals and yellow pistil
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrinkled.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and the center is yellow is as well.
this flower has a large stamen containing rows of seeds and a ring of yellow petals around the outside.
flower with oblong golden petals and a large round pistil containing a large number of stamen
this flower has large yellow petals with a large round pistil.
this flower has a large number of oblong bright yellow petals in a ring formation.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen

this large flower has thick yellow stamen surrounded by wide, pointed petals in varying shades of purple.
the elliptical shaped red and white spotted petals surround yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
a flower with white and purple speckled petals and yellow pistils in the center.
this flower has thick petals colored in burgundy and pink with the stamen peaking from between the petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that surround the pistils.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
burgundy red colored large leaves that have white spots and a large yellow stigma
this flower has wide long petals which are dark purple with paler spots.

a pink and purple flower with tiny stamen and green sepal.
this flower's wife, flat petals vary in color from bright pink to dark purple.
there are two types of flowers in this pictures; one has pink petals with white stamen and the other has dark purple petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wilted and wavy.
this flower has large pink petals and a few white anthers on the inside of it
these flowers have both pink and purple sets of 5 petals with recessed stamen.
this pink flower has one conical petal with five indents moving from the base of the petal to the tip.
this flower features a fused magenta petal, arrayed in seven points around its white stamens.
a flower with wide petals that are pink and curled out.
this flower has five conjoined pink petals with ruffled edges.

this flower has petals that are pink with many short stamen
the flower has a pinkish white colored petals with its stamen in yellow color.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several overlapping layers of rounded white petals.
this flower has overlapping delicate looking fluffy petals that look a little unsymmetrical.
this flower has white petals that has a light pink shading at the top
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are light pink.
this flower has overlapping layers of pale pink with rounded edges.

this flower has petals that are purple with many tiny stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has several small oval shaped purple petals with stamen between petals.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and lavender with purple stamen.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and are arranged in a bunch.
has a fairly large stigma that matches the petals in a purple hue
this flower has a purple mound of small and very ruffled petals.
this flower has light purple petals, with brown stamen in the center.
multiple rows of small lavender petals surrounding a burst of stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together

the beautiful pink flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like formation around cluster of stamens
the flower is so pretty the petals is a light pink with a lot of small petals
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
petals are many and ligh pink in color,they are oval in shape
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen
the petals of this flower are pink and the pistil is dark pink
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are formed in layers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
this flower has a dense amount of thick pink petals and a dark colored pistil.

a flower that appears to consist almost entirely of purple stamen, with dark red sepals at its base.
the flower has many blue stamen with purple sepal underneath
the flower has many petals that are thin and purple.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curved upward.
purple very thin petals with rain catching sepals surrounding.
this flower has thick spiky green leaves around a fringe of purple hairs.
this flower has petals that are blue and has stringy stamen
this flower has dark purple anthers, light white filaments and short light green leaves surrounding it.
this flower has needle like purple and blue pedals, and no visible pistil.
this flower has a great deal of very thin and spiky blue petals.

this flower has a few petals that are a very bright yellow color.
the rounded bright yellow petals of this bloom form a cup atop the yellow sepal and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folding in
this flower has large yellow petals and no visible stigma in the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
a flower with short and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with rounded and thin petals.
this flower has fan shaped yellow petals with a matching yellow sepal.
this yellow flower has clusters of petals overlapping one another on a green stem.

a big bunch of several tiny orange flowers growing radially out from a thick central stem.
fluffy tuffs of yellow tiny petals that are close together, and form an elongated flower.
this flower has many little yellow anthers with a green sepal
this beauty has yellow fuzzy shaped petals with a yellow on the stamen as well.
this flower is mostly darker yellow and appears to grow upward from its base.
this flower has vertical yellow hair-like fringes of thick petals.
this flower has a very large number of small and spiky orange petals in a cone-like formation.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this light orange flower is composed of hundreds of tiny petals that make it look furry.
a group of golden puffy flowers with green leaves attached to the flowers.

this flower is yellow, red and brown in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the flower has orange and red petals and green stems.
a flower with three indivudal sections of red and yellow tipped petals and large cluster of red stamen.
the flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and burgundy filament.
a composite flower of asteraceae family has orange colored petals that have yellow tips, dark brown colored stamens and yellow pistil
this flower has a green stem and leaves and bright orange petals with yellow tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow tips
a flower with long and narrow petals with three points on the end and is orange and yellow.
this flower has a ring of multicolored petals that are red with yellow pointed tips.

the petals are very long and pointy and are bright colors and cover the stamen and pistil.
the petals on this flower are orange with a purple pistil.
the flower is yellow and purple in color.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has a green pedicel and long feather shaped yellow petals.
this flower has some red coloring near the center and orange petals that are pointy looking.
this flower has orange slender pointed petals attached to a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed.

these 5 petaled blue flowers are a cross between tubular or bell shaped and have speckled throats.
this flower has blue petals that are curved and dark blue stamen with anthers on it
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are light to dark blue and off-white stigma and style.
long blue petals with a single point form a trumpet-shape around the yellowish-green pollen tube.
the flower has white pistil and bright blue petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stripes
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are wavy and horn shaped.
this flower has a star-shaped trumpet of vivid blue petals.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pistil.

this flower is white pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges
the flower shown has smooth white and yellow petals as the main feature
this white flower has large petals with pink edges and a yellow stigma.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with a yellow center and purple edges.
this simple pale pink and white flower has five petals and a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals with pink edges and a yellow center
this flower has white petals that interlock with each other, the brim has a light pink shade while the center gradients to yellow.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flowers are a combination of pink and white petals with long narrow filament.
this flower has pink petals with edges that are white and a pink stamen in the middle
the flower has petals that are red with white edges.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are purple near the center.
the flower petals are ropund in shape and green nd white in color
this white and pink flower has wavy petals and white stamen and anthers.
this group of flowers have rounded petals that are white on the edges and deep dark pink on the inside.
a flower with petals that are curled out that are red with white edging.
these flowers appear to have five or six red and white petals each.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges

this flower has an orange petal and a dark green pistil
this tropical large flower has waxy pointed petals and leaves, and is bright orange.
the flower has petals that are shiny pointed orange and pink.
this flower has long spike sharp petals that are reddish orange and colorful.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has red and orange petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has orange and pink petals embedded on green leaves.
this flower has orange and red petals that are pointed at the ends
this flower has vertical layers of shiny, thick red petals with pointed tips.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with multi colored petals.

the flower has petals that are pale pink with yellow stigma.
a flower with pink petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has large pink petals with a long yellow pollen tube.
the flower has a bloom that is pink in color with a center that is dark red.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has wide, rounded pink petals whose soft edges are slightly ruffled.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower has a tall pistil with a bulbous stigma surrounded by a wheel of overlapping light pink petals.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and have a center that is dark pink in color.

this flower has dark yellow skinny long wide spread petals with a orange pistil
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and lengthy strip surrounding the bunch of stamen and forming a bowl like shape
this flower has a textured yellow center surrounded by a fringe of very thin, hairlike yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy
this flower has many narrow long petals that are bright yellow with balls of yellow at center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and long.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a ray-like configuration made up of a large number of extremely thin yellow petals.

this flower has large smooth petals with rounded edges in shades of pale and medium pink.
this flower has broad purple and yellow streaked upper petals and a large light pink lower petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow lines
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals are long and broad as well as pink with darker pink veins and tints of yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has one large light pink petal and three other smaller petals that are dep pink with purple lines and shades of yellow.
this flower has smooth petals that are different shades of light pink, dark pink, white and yellow.
this flower has four petals; one light purple and the other three light purple with dark red and white veins.
the flower has four asymmetrical petals that have pink edges, yellow centers, and red veins.

this flower has a large white petal and no visible outer stigma
the white petals on the flower hasn't opened out yet.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the flower has white and yellow petals with a green pedicel
this trumpet shaped flower has several large upturned white petals with pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are white and form a bell shape
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has cone shaped green and white petals, a green receptacle and green ovule.
these flowers both have large white petals and green pedicels.
a flower with long white leaves that are white and green leaves snug against the petals.

the purple flower has different shapes of petals and has no stamens.
this flower has a fushia colored flat spike and on the side three petaled flowers open up into a purple blossum.
a pink and purple flower that is embedded in a group of leaves
the flower has a purple and blue petal with some rigged egdes
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has a layered pink petal with a small purple petal attached to it.
this flower has a thin purple petal as well as a dark purple petal with a rigged design and pointy tips.
this flower has three small blue petals that are smooth in texture.

this flower has petals that are pink with many short stamen
this flower has many down-turned, thin, long pink petals that lead to a round pistil area filled with many orange stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has pinkish , purple petals with orange and yellow buds.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a long pedicel with pink flower and green and yellow pistils
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
the stigma are yellow and green, the petals are a pinkish color.
this flower has a round center and down-turned thin pink petals.
this pink flower has faded, thin pink petals that are almond shaped and a spikey orange/yellow/green pistil.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
the flower has a red petal with a bright white pollen tube
this bright pink flower has heart shaped petals surrounding a flowering white stigma.
this flower has a tiny central white blossom surrounded by pointed red petals with leaflike veins.
this flower has bright pink petals with a white stigma.
this flower has very large pink sepals surrounding an extremely small blossom with white petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has flowery stigma
the petals of this flower are vibrant red almost pink and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this bright pink flower has wide petals that surround a pink pistil and a white anther.

this flower has numerous purple stamen surrounded by long white petals with purple centers.
the flower has petals that are dark pink with whie edges and pink anthers.
this flower has petals that are pale pink with a darker pink in the center of the petal.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
these unique flowers have white petals with pink spots and yellow centers.
this flower has white petals with pink centers and long, pink stamen.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals are multi-colored and dappled with purple spots.
this flower has large, slightly overlapping white petals accented with pink and yellow.
these flowers have round lavender and white petals with brown specks on them.

the flower has longer oval in shape petals that are yellow in color
this red-gold flower has a green and bell-shaped ovary and ovule surrounded by a gold stamen.
the flower has yellow petals that surround the black stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
it is similar to your typical sunflower.
this flower has vivid yellow pointed shaped petals with a black pistil.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.
there is a sparse star shaped array of bright yellow long petals surrounding a black stamen covered ovule.

the flower shown has purple petals with a purple pedicel
a group of long purple flowers, and five curly petals.
the alternating petals are pink and the pedicel is is green at the bottom with red as it reaches the receptacle.
the pretty flower has white petals with pink where they meet the stem.
this light-pink petaled flower has a unique purple and green stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this light and dark pink flower has curled petals and a red and green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower has long thin purple and white petals that curl on the end.
this flower has long, purple curly petals and a dark purple sepal.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower's green pod and yellow stamen are surrounded by down turned, rounded purple petals.
the flower has a green protuberance in the center, with several stamens around.
this flower has bright purple petals and yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the edges.
this flower has light purple petals, tinged with white on the outside, with a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flat purple flower with a green ovary and many yellow stamen.
this flower is made up of five lavender petals with white edges.
this flower has a rounded green pistil surrounded by a ring of short stamen and large petals that are light purple in color.

this flower has 4 leaves, three are purple and yellow with lines and one is solid purple.
this flower has petals that are yellow with purple trim
the flower has white petals that have red stripes.
the flower has a large pink petals and a trifold of petals that are maroon and yellow in color.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has a large rounded light pink petal and three others that are dark pink and yellow striped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple and yellow lines
this flower is light pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has wide and smooth petals in shades of pink and yellow.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has triangular light pastel purple petals with skinny long purple stamen
petals are light pink color, three stamen that are larger in size
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are triangle shaped.
a purple trianglulary shaped petal with purple colored stigma.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen
a flower with long, pointed petals and thick, purple pistals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stigma
this flower has three spade-shaped pink petals which are veined like leaves.
this triangle-shaped flower has 3 triangular purplish-pink petals and three pink stigma coming out of three thick pink styles.
this flower is a light purple petal in a triangular shape with three stamens protruding from the middle.

this flower a lot of long petals and a large stamen
the dominant yellow contrast of this flower from the receptacle to its petals are very pronounced.
this unique bright yellow flower has thin petals and a yellow stamen.
this flattish flower has a large number of slender yellow petals surrounding a large cluster of rounded yellow stamen.
this flower has numerous yellow petals and a plethora of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has very thin and shiny yellow petals which are fringed like hair.
this flower has hundreds of long thin yellow petals around a puffy bunch of yellow stamen.
the lively yellow flower has many tiny yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

this flower has petals that are yellow with red lines
a center of short orange stamen, surrounded by bright yellow petals, each with a red stripe down its center.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have red detail with a yellow center composed of the anthers.
this flower has long yellow petals and a center with yellow stamen in the center
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
this flower has a double row of elongated yellow petals that all have a maroon strip down the center.
this flower has brightly colored petals with yellow edges and red down the middle.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are striped down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the blossom has a round dull yellow center surrounded by bright yellow petals that have a red stripe down the middle.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and pink towards the edges.
the flower has purple and white petals with green sepal and a green pedicel
this flower is wide and purple with white color inside.
the leaves are alternate and the flower petals are star shaped and light puple
this flower has five rounded white petals with ruffled purple edges.
a pinwheel shaped flower that is white and purple in color has a deep center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink with a darker edging.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has pale white and pink petals in a star formation.
this flower has five evenly spaced petals which each fade from bright pink on the outside to an all white inside.

the petals are yellowish-orange in color and they are rounded at the ends and the stamen and stigma are light green.
the petals on this flower are yellow and are different in shape
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
the petals on this flower are orange with green stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
a plant with orange and yellow flower and the leaves are small and green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has small, very rounded pale orange petals with delicate veins.
this flower has yellow and orange petals with red lines

a large dark black ovary surrounded by many long yellow petals
the flower has many yellow petals and a large brown center.
this flower has a long and yellow petal with a lot of brown stamen
this flower is yellow and brown in color, and has petals that are pointed and wavy.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a large center of green pistils.
the flower is so big with yellow petals that are soft, smooth and has a brown cluster of stamens in the center
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping and wilted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the yellow petals hang loosely while the numerous green stamen fill the center.
the big yellow flower with separated petals surrounding a bunch of brown stamen

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower's leaves appear to be large and pointy at the ends. a burnt orange color makes it exquisite to look at. the stamen is yellow in color, easy to see, and easy to get to for pollination. the pollen tube is green in color and long, sticking up above flower. the whole pistil is green in color and easy to see and get to.
this flower has protruding pollen tube and stamen surrounded by several slightly pointed white petals.
this unique white flower has lots of thin blue petals with a dark green center and purple lines.
the flower is so big and has petals that are white, separated, thick and arranged in a disc like manner below the stamen which is also arranged in a disclike manner that are blue, white and brown
this flower has ten white petals and a corona of fine, vivid purple appendages between the petals and the light green stamens.
this flower has white petals with blue and white filaments arranged in a flat disk formation.
this flower has thick pale green petals under thick purple and white fringe.
this flower has petals that are white and has a stringy stamen
this flower is white, green, and purple in color, with oval shaped petals.

wrinkled, ruffled purple petals with creases in their centers are clustered closely together in a cone shape, making for a very narrow interior.
this is a purple large petal flower with stick green leaves.
this purple flower has five petals that have many wrinkles.
this flower is lavender in color, and has petals that are wavy.
very long pointed leaves surround a bold blue-violet bloom with wrinkled heart-shaped petals.
this flower has five delicate pale purple petals whose edges are soft and very ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled at the edges
this flower has larger purple petals that are crinkly like crepe paper.
a wrinkly light purple flower with a deep dark center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals are wilted and wrinkled.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the leaves of the flower are green in color while the flower petals are yellow and red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this is a strange flower with yellow petals and red on the style.
this is a flower with many pink and yellow petals coming off of it.
a flower with red and yellow petals and large green leaves.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with vertically layered petals.
this flower has thin red and yellow petals that folded upwards
this particular flower has petals that are short with red and yellow
the petals of this large, rectangular flower are a dusky red color, with yellow stamen.

this flower has layered pointy white petals and purple core and many long green filaments and anthers
this flower has nice white petals and lots of green stamen.
this flower has layers of light, pointed white petals surrounding protuberant green stamen.
this flower has pointed white petals that point out and very prominent stamen that point up.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has layers of pale white and blue petals with tapered tips.
this flower has many rows of white, pointed petals with a dark blue center and stems growing through the center.
this flower has a number of layers of white pointy petals overlapping.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
a white and blue flower with many pointed petals and large green stamen.

the flower shown has layers on thin bright yellow petals.
the flower has dense yellow petals that are small and thin.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a large number of very small yellow petals that are arranged tightly in multiple rows.
this flower has a mound of tiny yellow hairs and very thin yellow petals.
this flower has all yellow petals with stamen that seem to blend in with the petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy

flower has oval shaped petals that are red and yellow in color
the flower shown has red and yellow petals with red and yellow pistil as well
this flower has long red petals with golden tips and dark pink anthers in the center
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with yellow are red petals accompanied by maroon anther filaments.
this flower has sparse red petals with toothed, yellow edges and a darker red-and-yellow spiky pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
a flower with long and narrow petals that have yellow edges with red centers.
this flower has multicolored petals with notched yellow edges and a deeper red coloring close to the center.

this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower features a series of small star-shaped groups of blue petals.
this bluish flower appears as a bunch with lot of pistils each with a row of five string like petals
a small purple flower with tiny star shaped petal that make the overall shape round.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are star shaped.
this flower has blue petals as well as a blue stamen.
flower as spherical shape, a cluster of greater than 50 individually radiating, extremely small purple petals each having dark purple pistils.
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are blue and are very thin
light blue bulbous flower on top of a light blue stem

the petals on this flower are purple with a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple with flowery stigma
this trumpet shaped purple flower has five pointed petals which are conjoined into a star shape.
this flower is blue and purple in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower is star shaped with violet color petals and a large white stigma in the center.
this flower has a purple bugle shaped petal attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has a trumpeted star shape with petals of blue and indigo.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are in the shape of a star.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a bell shape
this particular flower has petals that are purple and dark purple

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the outer flower petals are green and dark purple,the inner petals are purple in color
the flower has purple and green petals with thin purple petals in the middle.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has a single outer layer of alternating lavender and white long petals and a single row of long dark purple petals, with many yellow stamen coming from the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has purple stamen
a flower with long and pointed petals that alternate purple and blue.
this purple has alternating light and dark purple petals and a large light green stamen.
this flower is white, pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple and green petals under a thick spiky purple fringe.

this is a purple, bell-shaped flower with spots on the inside that grows in a cascade: there are larger flowers on the bottom which give way to smaller, even unopened, flowers near the top.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals are pink in color and have speckles inside the cones that are white and sepals that are green.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals as its main feature
the flower's petals are pink/purple and in a smooth bell shape.
the purple petals are bulb shaped and barely touching each other, with white and purple spots on the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has vertical rows of bell shaped magenta petals hanging from stems, purple stamen and white anther filaments.
this flower has many bell shaped bright pink petals with white and maroon spots.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that have veins.
deep violet petals fold together over the pistil of this flower, tapering to a slender point.
this is a flower with dark blue pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower has oddly shaped dark blue petals that have a trumpet like appearance.
this flower has a thick green stem and petals of deep indigo with delicate veins.
this flower has bright green pedicels and bright blue petals.
this dark blue flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this particular flower has petals that are dark blue and green
this flower has petals that are blue and are spread apart

this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower is trumpet shaped with bright purple pedals with purple veins.
the flower has long petals that are blue and dark blue.
the flower shown has green pedicel with bright blue petals
this flower has petals that are blue and has black lines
the pointed purple petals have dark purple veins and the pedicel is green.
this flower has very thin green sepals and a bright blue petal with dark veins.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedical
this flower is trumpet shaped with purplish blue petals veined with darker blue.

this flower has bright yellow and red oval shaped petals which are protruding from a receptacle
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a dark red colored petal with a bright yellow top on it
this flower has bright yellow and red petals, with a flat pistil that is a darker yellow and deep red.
this flower has a wide, textured center surrounded by numerous long, tapered petals of bright red with yellow tips.
there is a double row of long, pointed, dark orange petals tipped with yellow, and a ring of red stamen with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has thin red petals that turn yellow towards the tips.
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a red and yellow stamen.

the flower is made of purple blooms that look like small fruits and have green leaves.
the petals of the flower are organized in layers, with big petals on the base and smallers on the top.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has a tower of purple leaves which overlap in a spiral pattern.
a strange looking flower with purple petals and no stamen visible.
resembles a purple pinecone with how the petals are shaped and drooping downwards
this flower has petals that are purple and is bunched together
a flower with short and narrow petals that are purple.
the step by step petals are of a purple hue
this dark purple flower is shaped like a pine cone, with many tiny layered petals.

the flower shown has red petals which are in a shape of an acorn
the flower has petals that are red with brown pedicel.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this cone-like flower has burgundy red bracts emerging from the top of a thick stalk.
a flower with red slightly pointed petals and a green depal.
this flower has dark red petals and large green sepal.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upwards
this flower has a brown sepal and red stamens with white tips.
the petals of the flower formulate a tree shape, and is a vibrant red color.

this pure while flower has layered petals that form a nice circle with the petals making up a star underneath.
the flower's petals are white and has green filament and yellow anther.
this white flower has an outer row of five pointed petals and an inner row of five rounded petals, and also pale yellow stamen.
five white pointed flowers in the shape of a star with five white petals layered on top.
the flower is white with a layered pattern while the anthers are brown.
a large white flower with a large tan stigma center.
this flower has soft white petals with round smooth edges.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with long white stamen.
this flower has a lower layer of bright purple petals with an upper layer of very thing and long dark purple petals as well as long white stamen.
the flower has petals that are dark pink with a large white center and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has long stringy stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this brightly colored flower has purple petals and large white stamen.
this flower has tall white pistils and stamen rising above a flat layer of long purple filaments and oblong petals.
this flower has white and purple anther filaments, white stamen and magenta petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has yellow pistil with small yellow petals
the flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
a flower with short and rounded petals that are yellow.
this flower has a wheel-configuration of small shiny yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this beautiful flower has small pencils with yellow in green in the middle

this flower has petals that are blue with patches of yellow
the petals have a combination of navy blue and yellow near the yellow stamen, and solid blue near the edges.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are colorful near the ovule.
this flower has big blue petals and a large white stigma in the middle of it
a blue flower with round and ruffled petals and yellow anther on top.
this flower has blue petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has wide and wavy-edges blue petals with yellow center accents.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
a dark blue star shaped flower with a golden center.

this flower has petals that are purple a closed together
this flower has smal round blue petals like balls in a culster
a small purple flower with tiny purple petals surrounding a purple pedicel.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has a cluster of bulb-like purple flower that face downwards and have white tips.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together
this flower has a bunch of smaller petals formed together that are purple on a green stem.
this particular flower has petals that are ball shaped and purple
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
it has many small purple petals that form a dome shape surrounding the ovary, pollen tube, and stamens.

this flower has dark blue, pointed petals under white petals.
the flower has a smooth purple petal with yellow anther
this is a pale blue flower with five petals and many yellow stamen.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are rounded on the ends.
this flower has a white petal, and bright yellow anthers
this blue flower has rounded petals and white stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has a dark purple layer of pointed petals and then a layer of light purple petals with yellow stamen.
this flower is white, yellow, and blue in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has both white and blue petals as well as a stamen.

the flower has petals that are pointed and pink with yellow filaments.
this flower has large pink petals and a center filled with yellow stamen and anthers
the flower has smooth purple petals with yellow stamen in the center
this flower has a large yellow pollen tube surrounded by several layers of wide, pointed pink petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the tip.
this flower has a wide yellow pistil surrounded by light pink petals.
inner and outer tiered pink starry petals with a complex yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a pink flower with two layers of pink petals and a large flat yellow ovule with yellow stamen coming out of it.
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamens.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
smaller four petaled flower with dark yellow petals, orange veins, and white stamen.
the petals are an orange hue surrounding the pale brown stamen.
this beauty has orange petals with a hint of brown in its stamen.
the petals of the flower are orange in color with a white center.
this small flower has four smooth and round orange petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has overlapping orange-red petals with striations like veins.
a flower with short and wide petals that is dark yellow.
this flower has orange and yellow petals with white stamen

a flower with small bell shaped purple and white petals and green pedicel
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
this flower has round lavender and white petals and a green stem.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
long green stem with lots of purple and white flower hanging down.
this particular flower has petals that are small and ball shaped with dark blue
this flower has petals that are purple and is bunched together
this flower has a light green pedicel that contains a bunch of jug shaped blue petals with white rims.

this flower consist of many long skinny light yellow petals with short yellow stamens.
light yellow petals that are purple middle dark green leaves
this flower has long, pointy, think yellow petals around a center of short white and brown stamen.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has a dense amount of long and thin yellow petals with a dark pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
a wide yellow flower with many yellow, thing petals that circle around dark stamen.
a double row of yellow needle shaped pedals surrounding a brown stamen.
this flower has a ray-like arrangement of light yellow petals that are thin and oblong in shape.

this specimen has white petals with yellow in the center, the small pistil is within a small bowl at the center.
the flower is white with with petals that are soft, smooth, separate and arranged in disc like manner around the stamen
five round, hear-shaped white petals have yellow to brown portions near the center and surround a very small stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow towards the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has rounded white heart shaped petals and a star shaped yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
a flat flower with a yellow star in the center surrounding yellow stubby stamen.
this flower has five white petals with bright yellow spots near the pistil.
this flower has smooth white petals with yellow at their base.

the flower is yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens in disc like manner
this flower has thick yellow petals as its main feature.
this yellow flower grows in a cluster and has white filaments and anthers.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow with small stamen
a group of flowers that are yellow on the pedals.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a white stamen.
this flower has yellow petals and beige stamen, with thin, semicircular petal shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this is a flower that has yellow clam shaped petals surrounding a white stamen.

this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded and small.
this flower has orange and yellowish pedals that has smooth round edges.
this orange-petaled flower houses large, yellow stamen.
the flower of the plant is orange with a yellow stamen and green leaves.
this orange flower has five fan shaped petals and orange stamen barely visible.
this flower has five orange petals that surround the orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
five orange petals surround stamen with prominent large orange anthers.
the petals of this flower are orange and the pedicel has green on it

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has many downward facing pink pedals and a fire orange center.
this is a pink flower with a red ball shaped stamen
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the flower shown has bright pink petals with a green pedicel
this flower has small pink petals and a cone-shaped pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and dropping downward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red center
this flower has a single row of pink petals surrounding a cone shape stamen.
this flower has a ring formation of small purple petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the flower shown has pink acorn shaped petals and purple sepal
the petals of this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has smooth and wide pink petals in a vertical chevron pattern.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
a pink flower with lots of petals and the leaves are green
the flower has a cone shape and the petals are deep fuchsia.
this flower has a column of layered bright pink petals with a smooth texture.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.

five yellow and white petals are arranged radially and the pistil is completely hidden.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are bright yellow and there are five of them
the flower petakls are white in color with the inner part colored yellow
this flower has five smooth white petals with slightly tapered edges and bright yellow centers.
this white and yellow flower has five petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white petals that overlap each other and gradient to a pale yellow in the middle.
this flower has very thin light pink sepals and five smooth petals that are white with yellow at the base.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has pretty long soft pink and white petals on a thick brown stem.
this flower has purple petals that appear to embrace each other to protect their stamens.
this flower features large purple and white variegated petals surrounded by green and white sepals.
the light purple petals are long and wide, and has large green leaves.
a light pink flower on a brown pedicel with green leaves
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and a dark red pedicel.
this flower has large pink petals with a brown pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy.
large, pointed, pale purple petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded upward

this flower has petals that are green and purple with stringy stamen
the flower is so big and has a disc of violet stamens above the disc of petals that are soft, smooth and thich
the flower shown has green pollen tubes with small purple petals
the petals of this flower are pink with a large stigma
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has wide rounded green and purple petals and a thick fringe of purple quills.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this flower has large and upright stamens and pistil with a flat row of purple petals and filaments.
this flower has yellow and green petals with purple stamen in the center of it.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has a set of bright yellow colored petals with some red veins seen externally.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has yellow petals that overlap each other and a yellow pistil.
the flower has large round petals that are yellow and alittle orange.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has an exposed golden pistil with golden petals showing red ateries.
this flower has five petals that are mostly yellow with dark orange highlights from base to tip.
this flower is yellow and orange color with big petals and a stamen that is also orange.
this flower has orange petals that have red lines on them
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has numerous tiny slender yellow petals surrounding a center that is darker yellow.
the flower shown has yellow pistil with very small yellow petals
a yellow flower with spiky like petal edges and a puffy pistil center.
this yellow flower has long fingerlike petals and the pistal looks like a button.
this flower has a dense amount of small yellow petals and stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals on this flower are pink with brown and white dots.
flowers are alternately aranged,they are light purple in color
this is a small flower with pink and white petals and green leaves.
this flower has a wide pink trumpet shape and a rounded mouth.
this flower has multiple bell shaped light pink petals with darker pink spots outlined in white with small green petals.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has lots of lacy, pink bell shaped blooms.

this flower features a frame of delicate red petals surrounding a yellow center.
the flower has bright pink petals that turn light pink at the tip.
these flowers are large red and fragile with long throat.
these flowers have one round petal and a few stamens.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy at the edges.
this pink flower has a single petal with green sepals and pedicel.
these flowers have red soft petals attached to a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has a large petal that looks conjoined in appearance.

the flower petals are alternately arranged and are light pink in color
alternating oddly shaped yellow and red petals with very long sepals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled and multi colored.
the flower shown has purple and yellow petals and a green pedicel
this flower has a lot of purple petals with a yellow stigma in the center
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white, yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple.
this flower has vertical layers of soft tapered petals in pink and yellow.

the flower petals are alternately arranged and are pink in color with the inner part colored in yellow
this flower has purple petals with yellow stamen in the middle
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow towards the inside
neon pink petals layered together with a yellow star of david in the center.
yellow anther is surrounded by yellow and magenta petals on this flower.
the large fuchsia colored petals surround a bright yellow center with small yellow stamen.
this fuchsia colored flower has petals that are fuchsia on the outer edges, but form a yellow star pattern that matches the yellow stamen in the flower's center.
this flower has bright pink petals that are notched and wide in shape and a bright yellow ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center

the flower has white petals and white filaments with white anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has soft, conjoined white petals and a bright yellow center.
this flower has a large white petal with a white stamen in the middle
the pale green plant has one large flower with white color one rounded petal with a yellow spot on the inside with fewer stamen
this flower has round white petals that have a yellow center
this round flower has soft white petals with neat folds and a yellow center with short stamen.
the white stamen of this flower are surrounded by petals which are bright yellow near the base but primarily white throughout.
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color yellowish.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with one large wavy petal.

the visible petals are on top of the plant and are very thin and small with a purple color
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has purple petals with spikes at the bottom
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the flower has pointed petals and purple stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy stamen
this flower has a disk-shaped grouping of very thin purple petals atop a thick bunch of spiky sepals.
the purple petals are tiny and the pedicel is green with many thorns.
the base of the flower is green and has thorns while the bloom of the flower is purple in color.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

this flower appears to have one large semi-curved petal and a large cone like reproductive structure in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
this flower has one long yellow pistil and one white petal that wraps around the entire flower.
this milky white flower has a whirl of petals with the single pistil covered with the numerous short stamens at the middle
a snowy white flower with a long tan stigma in the center.
the flower has a single white petal with a large, gold colored pistil.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen surrounded by a large thick and smooth white petal with a pointed tip.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower has wide, pure white petals that sweep down around the thick, yellow stigma, while it's sepals are a deep green.

this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals are bended and the stamen and pistil are visible.
this flower has petals that are orange with dark dots
petal colors are orange with purple spots with extruding stamens of deep purple on pale yellow stalks.
this flower has petals that are orange with brown spots, white filaments and burgundy anthers.
the flower has orange petals with purple spots, it has pale orange filaments with purple anthers.
this flower has curling orange petals with plum dots and plum colored stamen.
this bright orange flower has long stamens emerging from its large curled and spotted petals.
this flower has petals that are range and has dark dots
the flower is orange and has what seems to be purple spots. the peetals also curve

this flower features a proimnent ovary featuring thousands of white stamens, surrounded by threadlike purple leaves.
tons of purple anther and filament make this flower look like a puff ball
the flower is purple with a lot of little thin petals.
a round purple flower with odd furry petals and a unique look
this large puffy flower has many purple thin petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has a rounded mound of very thin, hair-like purple fringe.
pointed violet colored petals making up the flower, without exposing stamen and ovule
this flower has a large number of petals which are string-shaped, long and very skinny and purple.
light purple colored spikes that may be petals or stamen are lighter in color closer to the center of the flower.

the flower has petals that are stacked, comb like and red.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen
this flower has bushy red petals as its main feature.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has red petals and green pedicel as its main features
a red pedaled flower with green leaves around it.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this red flower grows up like a bunch of feathers and has light green leaves.
a red flower with many dangling red petals covering it's center.
the petals on this flower are mostly red in color and the inner stamen is the color red.

this flower has petals that are red with dark spots
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has petals that are a mixture of pink and white with pink spots.
this flower has six long large petals in maroon hues with yellow accents.
this flower has six petals are pink with brown dots and green sepals in the center
this flower has six broad and smooth peach- and orange-colored leaves with dark red spots.
this flower has peach petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has red orange petals with dark red spots on each petal.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
this flower has multicolored petals that include yellow orange and red, the petals surround a small grouping of stamen.

the flower with petals that are fused together supporting and surrounding the yellow stamen in the centre
the magenta flower with pale pink ridges on its petals has many yellow stamen and a yellow green center.
the flower has a large purple petal with yellow anther and filaments
this flower contains broad cupped white and purple petals surrounding thin white stamens.
this flower has purple petals and a yellow and green ovule
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has wide, slightly heart-shaped petals in white and pink, with striations.
the flower has a lavendar petals with stamen around the pollen tube

this flower has petals that are purple with orange stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the flower has curled petals that are purple colored and somewhat sparse.
this is a flower that has curled purple petals on it.
the beautiful big purple flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamen forming a bowl like shape
this flower has overlapping wide petals with curling edges in a shade of pale purple.
this light purple flower has rounded petals and orange stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen

the bright pink petals lay gently on top of one another, and suggest that they would feel like velvet.
a flower that has pinkish/purple petals that are tipped in white
this flower has several large, teardrop shaped petals, which are pink with hints of white at their edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has several flat and layered petals that are mostly a deep pink with white edges.
this flower has smooth silky looking pink pedals with a touch color of white along the edges
a pink flower with the white border in the petal and the leaves are green
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are white around the edges.,
the petals are pink and white, and spade shaped with two toned green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together

this flower has lavender petals with maroon stripes and brown anther filaments.
this flower is pink, white and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple-pink petals with yellow inner areas of the petal and dark red stripes on some of the petals.
the stamens are many in number with larger green colored anthers
this flower has a pink petal with a bunch of brown stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading and black dots
curved pink stamen are surrounded by oval shaped pink and yellow petals that have subtle brown spots and lines on the innermost petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink with yellow spots.
this flower has multiple pink with dark pink markings petals and pink with dark pink and yellow and white petals.
this flower has pink petals that include some darker lines and a few yellow spots.

this group of bright purple flowers have waxy pointed leaves and white stamen.
this violet flower has three petals with a long stamen in the middle,having a white small flower in the stamen.
three triangular petals, bright purple, stand in stark contrast to the dull green leaves where they cup three white and purple pistils.
the flower is dark pink with large pollen tube and stamen
this bright purple large leaf flower has three protrusions from the center of large triangular purple leaves with a white flower at the top of each protrusion.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has flowery stigma
this flower has broad purple petals with a pink stamen and white anther filaments in the shape of a smaller flower.
this flower has purple receptacles with small white petals arranged like a ring.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has large leaf shaped pink flowers with a pink and white stamen and pistil.

the stamen on this flower are a bright orange color, and they sit in a ball shape atop white petals.
this flower has several white lacy petals that hand down from the pollen.
this flower has a ball of yellow stamen which sit atop a spread of ruffled white petals.
the egg-white petals of this flower flow outward and down while the stamen is a beautiful sun-yellow ball.
this flower is white and yellow with ruffled petals and green buds
this flower has a bright yellow pistil and a large bulb of yellow stamen, along with large white petals.
this flower has soft, white petals flowering out from each side and a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with wrinkled petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has crumpled white petals and yellow stamen

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with white linesw
leaves are green in color,petals are purple in color,stamens are white in color
a purple and white flower with ruffled petals and white stamen.
these flowers have purple petals with wavy edges and white stamen in the middle of them.
this flower has petals that are a deep magenta spotted with white and have long white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white dots
this flower has dark purple petals with white spots and long, white stamen.
this flower has bright purple petals with white markings and stamen.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower stamen are yellow in color and the sigma is red in color
the flower has bright red petals with yellow stamen in the center
this flower is a radiant red color and its yellow stamen really stand out.
this flower has large red petals and a lot of yellow stigma on it
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright red petals with a yellow center with short stamen.
this simple flower has simple rows of bright red petals, a red ovule, and yellow stamen.
this flower has several layers of heart-shaped bright red petals.
this flower has bright red petals in a ray-like shape with a ring of short yellow stamen.

this bright yellow petals grow upwards away from the short long thin stamen.
the flower is yellow and has soft and smooth petals that are surrounding stamens in the centre
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy at the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has four distinct smooth orange petals whose tips fade to yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded upwards
this yellow flower has rounder petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has a small green sepal and bright yellow petals.

a flower with wide pink petals and green and yellow stamen cluster
this flower has pink leaves with white at the bottom and a large green pistel and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stigma
there are few very large overlapping pink petals surrounding a yellow stamen with a large green stigma.
this flower has soft pink petals with brown and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red and yellow stamen
this flower has papery, light pink petals and a light green stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has green pistils surrounded by large light pink petals.

the purple tint from these petals is extraordinary.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a light pink petal with no stamen in sight
the flower petals are alternatly shaped and are bright pink in color
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
this flower has multiple layers of pink petals that get closer together closer to the pistil.
against a pot of soil, the bright pink petals stand out.

this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
this flower has purple bell shaped petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink bell shaped with white and purple spots.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have speckles in the center.
a light purple multi blossom flower that looks like a cluster of tiny bells with darker purple and white leopard print in the center.
this flower has light purple downturned petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the beautiful pink flower has fused petals that are soft, smooth and has dark pink spots in the inner surface
the inside of the petals have a distinctive spotted pattern that consist of red and pink colors.

the flower has a thick green stem with petals that are orange in color.
this flower has a large yellow petal with a lot of yellow stamen
the pistil and petal is a shade of yellow that nature has marvelously colored with it's on hands.
the flower has two large yellow colored petals that are broad with large stamens with lare anthers
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are large and rounded.
this flower has upturned layers of pale orange petals with very smooth edges.
this bright yellow flower has overlapping leaves with smooth edges and many yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this is an orange flower with large overlapping petals and orange filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are bunched on top of each other.
this flower has a light pink petal and a light yellow stamen
there are several layers of pale pink and yellow petals on this flower with green leaves.
a yellowish orange flower with yellow pistils and anther filaments.
the flower has peach and yellow petals with yellow anther as well
this flower has petals that are orange and is ruffled together
the petals on this flower are mostly orange in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has many layers of oblong pink and yellow petals that are tiny in size.
a large pink flower with yellow petals at it's center.
the petals on this flower have a yellow center with pale pink edges.

a flower with white and yellow twisted petals surrounding no visible stamen and green pedicel.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with yellow spots
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has five petals that are yellow with white edges.
this tower has five rounded white petals with smooth edges and yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five rounded white petals with vivid yellow centers.
deep yellow stigma, yellow interior pedals with a white along the outer half. thick long leaves on the stem.
the flower is small and so beautiful with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in single layer overlapping other petals
the petals of the flower have a bold yellow towards the base, and a vibrant white near the tip.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has long white petals and have a lot of spots on the inside
these are white tubular bell flowers with spotted throats that downward forming a spike at the top of the plant.
the petals of this flower are white and have small brown dots
the petal is like a bell, and with red stains in the interior.
this is a white bell-shaped flower that flexes downwards with red spots on the inside of the petals.
a flower with wide petals that are white.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has many bell shaped petals, which are white with red spots.
this white and red flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

the flower has very smooth purple and white petals with a green pollen tube
this flower has a lime-yellow pistil, and pink-white shaded petals.
a flower with yellowish pink petals accompanied by a large green stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large white petals with pink tips on it, and a green stigma on it
two tiers of lotus-like pink-tipped petals surround a large stigma, rimmed with a collar of yellow stamen.
this flower has many pink, white and yellow petals as well as yellow stamen.
this flower has light pink round petals with dark pink on their outer edges, the flower has yellow stamen with a large yellow stigma.
this flower has pink and white petals with a big yellow style
this flower has many pink and white petals open wide exposing a large thick pistil with many stamen coming off of it to the sides.

this compact orange flower has lance shaped petals and vivid yellow stamens.
the petals of the flower are red and hard, and they are arranged in several rows.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are spotted din some areas black.
the petals of the flower are red in color with pointed edges.
the flower has red petals with black polka dots on the tips.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed.
this flower has petals that are red and has pointy tips
this flower has a number of different layers of red pointed petals stacked on top of each other.
flower with short pedicel, greater than 10 red flower petals with dark colored tips or dark colors near tips, petals distributed in a multi-layer configuration, multiple filament groups.
this dark pink flower, has an orange tint to it, and sharp, spiky flower petals that fall in outward layers.

this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
flower with large pink petals and red stamen
this flower has very tall purple stamen with light pink petals in a star shape.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has pink petals, dark pink anther and filament, and dark pink style.
large pink petals with red spots and long red filaments with dark red anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has wide pink petals with tapered ends and thin pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
theses flowers have small pink petals attached to green sepals.

the lavender petals are flowing outward with green leaves at the base of the stem.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the extra long petals of the tree blossom are lavender on the top a much deeper purple on the bottom.
this flower has lavender tapered leaves surrounded by green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and split apart from each other
this is a purple flower with long petals that flex upward.
this flower has long thin, round-edged pink petals and very shiny green leaves.
this flower has large pink and white petals that look thick in appearance.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and are folded upwards
this flower has massive lavender colored petals that are oddly shaped.

the flowers have fading purple petals that are all connected into one and are flat and smooth, they look like leather.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has large purple petals and a visible yellow anther
this large blossom has conjoined pink petals with rounded edges which curl slightly backwards.
the flower has large round purple flowers with a yellow pistil.
this flower has connected petals and tiny anthers at the end of its stamen.
this flower has purple petals and a yellow pistil, green pedicel.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has large purple petals with a slightly crinkled texture and small yellow stamen.

these flowers are shaped like yellow cones with red speckles on the inside.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red dots
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is trumpet shaped with white petals and purple dots leading inwards to the pistil.
there is several individual flowers that have white petals with purple spots.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has purple dots
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has small green sepals and large bell-shaped petals that are white with purple spots.
this flower has white bell shaped petals with purple spots inside.
this flower has white, bell-shaped petals with purple spots on the inside.

this flower has protruding pink stamen surrounded by five large pink petals with ruffled edges.
this light pink flower with pink stamen has five rounded type petals and leathery, oval shaped green leaves on a woody stem.
th flower has many stamen with large anthers and pink colored petals
a flower that is all pink with pink filaments as well
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has large bright pink petals that surround long pink stamen.
this flower has thick pink petals and long pink stamens.
this flower has five bright pink petals in a wheel-like formation.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
numerous yellow petals are arranged radially with no visible reproductive organs.
it is a flower with a lot of small bright yellow pedals.
this yellow flower has numerous layered petals with stamen for pollination.
the flower has petals that are thin and yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the flower has many tiny yellow petals with thin yellow anther and filament.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant yellow, while the hair like stamens are a light orange color.
this flower has thin bright yellow petals arranged in a disk-like fashion.

this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside
a narow flowwer with cup lilke petals shaded in a lite pink color
this flower has petals that are shaped like tubes and pink and white in color.
this flower has many bell shaped blossoms and is pink and red, with some yellow.
this is a flower with pink petals with red and white spots.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and white
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a flower with long and curled petals that are pink.
a long green flower with pink small flowers hanging from it's sides.

the flower shown has yellow pistil with smooth white petals
a blooming white flower with a lot of petals and yellow pollen tube.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
layered rays of white pointed oblong petals ring a yellow center of clustered pistils.
this flower has cream colored petals which unfold into a wide display, revealing the long yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
very thin yellow and white petals surround the thin yellow stamen of this flower.
a flower with many upward pointing yellow petals surrounding many yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
long, pointed white petals surround a cluster of yellow stamen.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has a wide green and brown center surrounded by long yellow petals with tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are white with red stamen
the petals have a sharp tip and they are yellow in color.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips
this flower has bright yellow petals that have pointed tips and are arranged in a ring.
the bright yellow petals are pointed and encircle a cluster of orange and green stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals on this flower are long and yellow and the pistils are short and red
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen

the flowers has a orange and violet colored petals that vary in shade and hue.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has sharply pointed petals of bright yellow which are angled directly upwards.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals on this flower are orange with a purple pistil.
this flower has long bright orange petals that have pointed ends.
this flower has long spiky petals of orange and a purplish blue with spiky foliage.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has thick and very spiked petals in bright orange and fuchsia.
this flower has has long, spiky, orange petals with white insides, along with bigger, spiky green leaves.

the flower shown has orange and purple petals with purple pistil in the center
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has orange overlapping pedals with red veins and pink anthers.
the petals have red veins through each petal with a light red covering the petal.
this flower has petals that are orange with red lines
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
small red colour bell shaped flower which has soft petals surrounding bunch of stamen
this flower has petals that are orange and has red lines
a flower with long and wide petal that is orange.
this flower has wide and smooth orange petals with deep red veins.

the petals are violet and arranged in disc like manner around the clustered stamen
the flower shown has bright purple petals surrounding blue and yellow anther
this flower has multiple yellow stamen and long, thin purple petals.
these two purple flowers have long petals and a purple center.
these flowers are open looking and have long, narrow petals that are purple.
these flowers have thin purple petals and a dark pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has an indigo center surrounded by round-tipped purple petals.
this flower has purple oblong petals with a ribbed texture.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the blue, thin overlapping petals and long green stigmas
a strange flower with blue petals and green anther filaments and pistils.
this flower is blue and green in color, and has petals that are bright blue and wilted.
this unusual blue flower has layered thin petals.
a delicate sky blue petal in multiple layers lies flat with large multiple pistils and long green stamen.
this flower is blue and green in color, with pointed petals.
the light lavender colored flower has green stems coming out of the center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has blue petals and long green stamen on them
a purple flowers with different shapes of pistils and green pedicel and the leaves are thin and long

this interesting flower has purplish patterned petals that hang downward.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flowers are curved downwards and are brown in color and spoted white
this flower droops downwards and has dark red petals that have a honeycomb pattern.
the petals of the flower are pointed and deep purple in color with some white spots and they curl downward in the form of a bowl.
these bell shaped flowers droop down towards the ground, and have dark red smooth pointed petals.
this flower has maroon peddles shaped like upside down bells.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has wide, slightly tapered petals in mottled plum shades.
the petals form a downward bowl shape and have a checkerboard patter of light and dark maroon color.

the flower shown has green pedicel and small yellow petals
this flower has bright yellow with hundred of condensed, skinny, toothed petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has yellow petals, yellow anther and filament, and green sepal and green pedicel.
this flower has many long thin yellow petals mixed in with the stigma and stamen.
this flower has yellow petals that are thin and have many layers
this flower is yellow in color, with very thin and bunched petals.
this bright yellow flower has many numerous petals shaped like a sphere.
this flower is completely yellow with long, skinny petals sticking out from its center.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has large purple petals with white and purple pistil
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the flower has petals that are dark purple with many thin purple filaments.
this purple flower is characterized by its large purple petals as well as its purple pistil at the center.
this flower has purple petals with smooth edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
large purple petals with lots of anther filament and green stem.
this flower has petals that are blue and has purple stamen

the flower has dense purple petals that are long and thin.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are light pink with dark pink stripes and yellow anther.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and the anthers are purple in color.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with oval shaped and layered petals.
this radially symmetrical, lavender-colored, flower has neat straight petals leading to a ring of brightly colored anthers and deep violent pistils in the middle.
this flower has a tight arrangement of purple petals in a disk formation.
this flower has long pink petals and the pistils are golden yellow
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

the flower has many overlapping petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has a lot of yellow colored petals surround a group of gold colored stamen
several layered bright yellow petals with a shade darker yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are tightly bunched together.
the flower has yellow petals with yellow stamen in the center
a very large and fluffy looking flower with smaller pedals in the center.
this flower has layers of small and very ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has big yellow petals and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has yellow pedals arranged in a bunched up style with no stamen.

this flower is circular in structure and has very dense, small purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are star shaped.
the flower is made from a clump of small blooms that are purple in color.
this flower has short purple petals and no visible outer stigma
the whole flower is an orb made entirely of tiny light purple flowers all evenly spaced.
this flower has spiked purple petals attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower has thin purple protrusions in a globe shape
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are star shaped.
a large ovule covered in many tiny little purple petals.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are small star.
the flower has a long thin pedicel that is green with small purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
this light blue flower pod has many individual flowers each with a large stigma.
the petals of this flower are blue and the pedicel is gray
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are blue and are very thin
this round pom pom shaped periwinkle blue flower is comprised of many tiny five pointed star shaped flowers that have thin grayish stigmas.
a blue circular flower with a grayish stem attached it.

this flower has long yellow petals and a group of brown anther on it
this flower has a brown center surrounded by long yellow petals with rounded edges.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a yellow flower with skinny, long petals and a red center.
this is a flower with yellow petals and brown anthers.
these flowers have smooth yellow layered petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
this bright yellow flower has a brown ovary and green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green

this red flower has a long pedicel with three leaves underneath the petals.
this fluttery red rose has spiraled petals and a long green stem.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely bunched together.
beautiful red petals that are wrapped around each other tightly in the center of the flower but begin to spread open as the reach the outer area of the flower.
the flower shown has red petal and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower has vibrant red petals layered tightly upon each other and small, pointed green sepals.
this flower has spiraling layers of bright red petals with curled edges.
this flower has bright red flowers and a green pedicel.
this flower has deep red petals winding together in a spiral, a thorny green stem and green leaves.

the flower has majority of pink colored petals with it's stamen in a darker shade.
flowy thin pink petals surrounding a pink filament and anther also red ovary.
this pink flower has purple stamen and trumpet shaped pedals which flay out at the end.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled backward.
the flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is reddish brown
the petals are pink and curl back towards the pedicel, the stamen are also pink and extend past the petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curly and skinny.
the long pink petals form a trumpet shape around the pink stamen

this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
there are many white, round petals that surround a group of yellow stamen and a large yellow pistil with red stigma.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth, thick and arranged separately around the bunch of stamen forming a bowl like shape
the flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower has a thick yellow stamen surrounded by smooth white petals.
this white flower has pointed petals that are tipped with pink and a yellow pistil.
this flower has longer white petals with pink tips surrounding a yellow pistil.

this flower has petals that are light pink with pink stamen.
a purple flower with a dark purple stigma and a brown pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wilted and wavy.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft and has separate petals and also the stamen is sticking out from the centre
this flower is star shaped with rounded edges, the petals are light purple with white stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly pink, and white is the color of the stamen.
this flower has five slightly linked pale pink petals with a ruffled texture.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and uneven.
this flower has frilly petals of pinkish lavender shaded to dark magenta at center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple center

a spiky flower with yellow petals and purple inner petals.
flower emerges from sepal spike as a flower with bright orange and purple petals.
this flower has orange and blue petals that come to a sharp point.
the petal are long, pointy, and orange, with some splashes of blue.
a yellow and purple flower with a green pedicel and green leaves
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has bright and very spiky, pointed petals in vivid yellow hues.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very thin
this flower has bright orange and blue petals that are shaped like a bird's head.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the flower has a reddish sepal and bright red petals.
the flower shown has small petals which are red in color and a purple pedicel
this flower has dark red petals with yellow anthers in the center
this flower has petals that are red with short steman
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this particular flower has petals that are red and sharp
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has many red petals and red anthers in the middle.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has bright red pedals with yellow colored anther.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has pink petals and a lot of yellow stamen and anthers
this flower has numerous white stamen surrounded by several large purple petals with white edges.
the flower has dark pink petals and thin pollen tubes.
this flower has petals which are purple and white with white stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has thick purple petals and long stamens.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has multicolored petals that are dark pink and white in color and arranged in an irregular and loose bell-like formation.

this flower has petals that are yellow with short stamen
this flower has bright yellow petals surrounding white stamens as its main features.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flower has yellow petals with white stamen and purple sepal
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower is a dark yellow color with white anthers.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has yellow petals that have small and white stamen
this flower has multiple blossoms at the top of its stem along with bright yellow rounded petals.

a flower with long, tall orange petals, green sepals marred with red, and green pedicel
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of blue
the petals on this flower are orange with a purple pistil.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has orange petals with sharp pointed edges and a green sepal and pedicel.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

the flower has bright red petals arranged in several layers while the stamen is bright yellow and the stigma is brown.
the yellow anthers are around and close to the petals.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has red colored set of petals with most of the stamen in yellow color.
the flower has red petals with yellow anther and a purple pollen tube in the center
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
this flower has bright bold red pedals with a black center surrounded by bright yellow anther.
this flower has large red petals with bright yellow stamens.
this flower has layers of wide red petals with slightly tapered tips.
this is a flower with red petals that are multilayered, each petal is an elongated oval, while the center of the flower has yellow anthers.

this flower has small white rounded petals with a yellowish tone near the center .
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
bright and wide petals with a small yellow center.
this white flower has an outer row of star-shaped petals with yellow in the center
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow with yellow center.
this tropical flower has bright white petals with a beautiful yellow center.
this flower has oval shaped petals that are white with a yellow inner edge.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
this flower has five different petals that have slightly curled edges and yellow at the base with white elsewhere.

this dark purple flower has a a round wide bell shape, there is no gap in the petals even at the end, the center is white with a small pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
the flower is capsule in shape ans purple in color, the anthers are white in color
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower has blue petals and white pistil as its main features
flower with a round set of purple and blue petals containing a visible stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, and has a single large horn shaped petal.
this flower has a funnel-type of shape and bright blue petals with dark purple stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has a purple petal that seems conjoined in appearance. the pistil is small and white.

this trumpet shaped flower has a yellow center and conjoined white petals which bell outwards.
a flower with a large white petal that is yellow at the center where a group of white stamen rest.
trumpet shaped white petals with the most inner parts yellow revealing a white pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
the very delicate white flower has a yellow center with pollen on the stamen and pistol.
this flower has a small white petal with small white stamens.
this flower has conjoined, very soft white petals and a bright yellow center.
this flower's white petals have no space between them and have a small yellow space where the anther is.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center

an array of wavey petaled flowers that are light purple in the center, darker purple in the middle of the petals and white at the end with little white stamen that are curled at the end.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with white edges
this flower is white in the outside of the petal and purple in the middle.
this is a flower that has petals that are pink toward the center and white around the edges.
magenta and white petals form a flat circle around white stamen
a flower with short and wide petals that are white and purple.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a white stamen.
the petals on this flower have an inner ring of pink, followed by a middle ring of purple, and finally an outer ring of white.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white edges

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower is lightish pink petals with stamen that is also light pink
this flower has white pistil and pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this is a flower that is peach in color with ruffled petals and long anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
the petals on this flower are peachy pink and the pistil is a golden yellow
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has peach petals as well as a peach stamen.

the pedicel appears to be purple in color and the sepals are red in color.
this flower has large red petals and orange stamen in the center of it
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red wirh yellow patches
this orange flower has curved ruffled petals and a large brown pedicel.
this flower has red petals as well as a purple sepal.
a flower with long and wide petal that is dark red.
this flower has large wide red petals whose edges are slightly ruffled.
tightly bunched flowers with toothed red pedals and yellow stamen.
this flower is red in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.

this flower has bright round white petals that fade into a bright yellow halfway through.
the petals are a milky white, with bright yellow towards the middle of the petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has oval shaped petals that are white on the ends and yellow towards the middle of the flower.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white and yellow.
this yellow and white flower has five pointed petals with green sepals.
this flower has small white petals with smooth edges and white and yellow coloring.
this flower has five smooth rounded white petals with yellow centers.

a flower with bright yellow, pointy petals and stamen of the same color.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has several layers of upturned petals which are bright yellow and have pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
the yellow petals lie on top of each other and no pistil is seen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered .
this flower has many rows of elongated yellow petals that get smaller closer to the pistil.
a flower with yellow petals and large green leaves.
this flower has yellow petals that have many layers on them
this flower has yellow petals with slightly pointed tips and thick yellow stamen.

an orange and red flower with ruffled petals and a long filament shooting out the top.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this red flower has wide petals and a stigma with stamen attached on its neck
the petals of the flower are red in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has petals that are red with large style
this flower has wide scarlet leaves with dark center and pollen tubes with stigma.
this flower has red petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style
this flower has five wide and rounded red petals with ruffled edges.
this red flower has rounded petals and a yellow stamen with red anthers.

this flower droops down and has large purple petals with white spots.
the flower has checkered patterned petals that are purple and white.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
purple petals with white blotches that droop and form a bell around the stamen and pistils.
the petals of the flower are maroon and have have white spots on them.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a drooping head and wide petals in shades of mottled plum.
this petal's stigma is pointing towards the ground, as a whole the flower appears like a bell-shape. the petals are a dark purple with white hatching.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has a purple pedicel and and purple with white spotted pedals.

the flower has a smooth white petal with a yellow center
a flower that has very flat shaped white petals and a yellow center with white filaments
this flower is white in color, and has one large circular petal.
the flower is white with its petals that are fused together and surround stamen that has white anthers
this flower has one circular and white petal with a yellow center.
this is a white flower with one large petal that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
the petals on this flower are mostly round white, while a flat yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower has has a funnel-like shape with a white petal with a yellow ovary and small white stamen.

a red flower with bell shaped petals and green sepal.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals of the flowers are arranged in clumps and are red in color.
the red flowers has a lot of petals and green leaves on it
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this petal has red petals, dark green leaves, and a dark green stem.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has many bunches of blossoms grouped together, all with bright red petals.
this flower has clusters of small and very rounded petals in shades of red.

this flower has petals that are pink and in a pinwheel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are star shaped.
the flower is pink with its petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamen forming a disc like shape
the flower shown has small purple petals with white pistil
the flower has petals that are pink with pink and white centers.
a star shaped flower that is in a group with purple coloration.
this flower has five small rounded petals in a shade of pale purple.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a pink center
a flower that has short and rounded petals and is light purple.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals are color purple, with long filaments holding yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals arranged in a cup-like fashion with orange stamen.
this flower has a dark red center and purple petals with wide smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
the purple petals are slightly ruffled and the anther is bright orange.
this flower has bright purple petals and yellow-tipped stamen.

this flower has white petals, some upright and some flattish, yellow stamen and a green stigma.
this flower has broad white petals and grows individually apart from others of its kind.
white petals with orange and green middle
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with green stigma
a snowy white large flower with long pedals and tan green stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals as well as a red and green pistil.
this flower has wide and very smooth white petals with rounded edges.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
flowers are alyternating,they are purpl in color with some brown spots
this flower has petals that are purple with dark purple dots
the flowers on the stalk are purple in color and are speckled on the inside layer.
this bell shaped flower has rounded peaks of bluish purple which curl slightly outwards.
this flower has pink petals that have pink dots in the middle
a flower with one petal that is light purple with dark purple and white speckles.
this flower has tube-shaped blossoms of pale purple with mottled purple inner designs.
this flower grows on a tall stalk and has trumpet shaped purple flowers with darker spots in the middle that hang downward.
the flower is light purple with big bell shaped petals whith a lighter spotted inside

the flower with a single petal which is purple has a white stamen.
the flower shown has blue and purple petals and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are blue with white stamen
the petals on this flower are all connected to form a star shape pattern which have a rich blue color and streaks of purple leading to a white center.
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are light in the center.
an indigo flower with a dark purple star shape at it's center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are large and blue colored with purple lines running alongside.
this flower has a large funnel-shaped petal that is very bright blue with purple stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.

this flower has small purple petals with an orange stigma on the top
thus flower has a prominent yellow pollen tube surrounded by three small and three large rounded lilac colored petals.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the edges.
the stigma is long and yellow, and surrounded by anthers.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by white petals with purple veins.
this flower has petals of lavender veined in a deeper purple with bright yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are light around the edges.
the stamen are topped with bright orange antenna and surrounded by small rounded edge lavender colored petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow style

the flower has bright yellow petals around the yellow stamen in the center of the flower
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ovals.
the flower has needle shapd oval petals that are white in color
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has a very wide yellow center surrounded by several layers of long yellow petals.
the beautiful big yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around bunch of stamen in disc like manner
the flower has narrow elongated yellow petals with yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
a large yellow flower with narrow yellow petals surrounding a large ovary with many yellow stamen stemming from it.
this flower has a single layer of yellow oblong petals in a ring shape.

this flower has green pedicel and purple petals as its main features
the petals on this flower are thin and pink with visible pistils
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has purple petals with purple anthers and pollen tube.
a group of purple and white flowers with a green stem.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this reddish pink flower has pointed leaves, red stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has a green pedicel with a low layer of mauve petals and several dark pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma

numerous narrow yellow petals revealing many short yellow stamen surrounding a brown stigma.
bright yellow sunflowers with many long and thin petals and brown seedlings in the center.
this large flower has long yellow petals and a thick black center.
this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower stigama and anthers are large in size and both black in color
this flower has layers of thin oblong bright yellow petals.
a dull yellow large flower with long pedals and a brown center.
a yellow flower with multiple layers of yellow petals with a large dark ovary at it's center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has bright yellow petals and the pedicel is green

this flower has petals that are pink with white edges
the flower shown has white and purple petals, and a white filament.
there are many white stamen with larger black anthers
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
this particular flower has petals that are pink and white with a light green in the center
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
crinkled purple and white petals surround white stamen.
this flower has white filaments with blue anthers, a yellow ovary, and white and pink petals.

the flower is a pale yellow with six petals surrounding a darker yellow open center.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow bell shaped center
this light yellow flower has star shaped petals atop a green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white under a single yellow bell shaped petal and yellow stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has white petals forming a star-like configuration with a yellow trumpet shaped petal at the center.
a yellow flower with yellow filament, anther and the leaves are green and thin
this flower is yellow and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
six sided star positioning of oval shaped light yellow sepals with single bell shaped bright yellow flower with single pistil covered in anthers along its length.

the petals of the flower are purple and white with a light yellow center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the cetner.
this flower has petals that are purple with white and yellow patches
this flower has two purple pedals, four white pedals and white stamen.
the flower has purple petals that are also white colored as well.
the flower has dark purple upper petals and light purple and whit lower petals with a yellow center.
this purple, white, and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has white and purple petals with dark purple stripes on the white petals.

this flower is red and orange in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow shading
the orange petals hide the yellow pistil.
the petals of this flower are orange with a large stigma
this trumpet shaped flower has five conjoined petals with rounded edges in bright orange.
the flower is a orange on the outside red on the inside horn shape.
this flower is red and orange in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this flower has orange and red petals shaped like bells.
the flower has a trumpet shaped petal that is orange toward the base and pink toward the flare.

a small pink and white flower with long skinny filaments and tiny pink anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and very small
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and grow along a stalk.
flowers are alternately arranged,stamens are white in color with larger green anthers
the thin white petals of this flower also has very thin white anther.
this flower has small white petals with a purple sepal and receptacle with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has dark red leaves surrounding tiny and very pale soft pink petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.

pedicel are green in color,petals are oval in shape and are light purple in col9or
this flower has layers of pink petals that turn upwards.
this flower has several overlapping layers of wide upturned petals with pink and white colors and slightly pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
the flower has several close together oval petals that are pink and white.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded in layers
this bright pink flower has curved petals with sharp tips arrayed in a bloom shape.
this flower has many light pink petals that are shaded white in the middle.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has delicate pink petals with ribs showing of a darker pink and several petals speckled with dark pink spots.
this flower has thin pink petals as its main feature.
the flower has pink petals with dark pink spots and six stamen.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have anthers that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has layers of soft pale pink petals with fuchsia accents.
this flower has large light pink petals with darker pink spots.

the flower has smooth yellow petals with some red and white stamen
this flower has small orange petals and white anthers in the middle
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are orange with short little stamen
these small blossoms have five rounded orange petals which curve slightly outwards.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
a flower with short and wide petals that are orange.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the beautiful orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has white stamen sticking out from the center
this flower has small and rounded orange petals with small veins and red accents.

this is a small flower with pink, white, and orange petals.
the petals are colored pink and no stamen or pistil is seen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has four wide rounded petals in bubblegum pink hues with white accents.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma and white patches
this flower has layers of pink tones in its thick petals and a bright yellow accent at its center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
four large pink petals with a smaller one with a yellow edge growing out of the middle.
three pale pink petals with dark shaded line patterns sit around a yellow tipped pedal that hangs above a bell shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines

this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
a flower that has a layer of yellow petals above a layer of white petals all of which surround yellow stamen.
this flower has five rounded petals surrounded by five spiked petals, all in a pale yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the anthers are rich yellow while the inner petals of this flower are a pale yellow with white outer petals.
this delicate flower has sparse white petals with yellow stamen in the center.
a large flower with yellow pedals and a white outer pedals.
this flower has pointed white petals surrounding rounded yellow inner petals.
this flower has yellow and white petals with long stamen
a flower with two layers of petals and the inside being yellow and outside layer being white.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are curved.
the flower is layered with a base of light yellow and a primary layer of dark yellow.
the petals on this flower are pale yellow on the exterior and yellow on the interior.
this unique yellow flower has a bell shaped center with flat light yellow petals around it.
the flower has a circular yellow petal surrounded by long petals around.
the flower is yellow and white and has 6 white petals.
this is a flower with yellow petals and yellow filaments.
the yellow stigma, pollen tube and style are peeking out of a pale white and yellow petal.
this yellow flower has a set of star-like petals along with a center trumpet petal and a yellow pistil.
this flower has a wide ruffled trumpet shape surrounded by paler yellow pointed petals.

the purple flower has large round petals growing around a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this is a light purple flower with upward pointing petals.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are large and thin.
light purple pedals yellow in the middle light green stands dark green leaves
this flower has bright purple petals that are almost paper thin that cover the yellow stamen in the center.
the yellow pistil of this flower is surrounded by several large, light purple petals.
this purple flower has tall, vertical petals forming a shape similar to a butterfly.
this purple flower has purple petals and a yellow colored stamen with green leaves.
this flower has very vibrant purple petals and a very small yellow pistil

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this is a yellow flower with orange on the petals and green leaves.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
leaves are green in color.flower are orange in color with rounded petals
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange tint
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has tiny heart-shaped orange petals with yellow accents.
this flower has small bright yellow petals that slightly overlap each other in a wheel-like configuration.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this yellow orange flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the flower has a bright orange petal with green stamen in the middle
this flower has five large orange petals with slightly rounded edges.
this flower has orange petals with green coming out the middle
this orange flower has five petals with dark veins and yellow anthers.
this flower has a yellow ovary and bright orange rounded petals.
this flower has orange petals and yellow stigmas
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are that are ruffled.
this flower has large orange petals and small yellow stamens.

this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this rounded dome shaped yellow flower has many layers of small and ruffled petals.
the petals on this flower are orange with no visible stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this orange yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched closely together.
the flower had many ruffled, bunched orange petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
a flower with short and narrow petals that are yellow.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower had large purple and green petals that have a hollow area with a green pedicel
the flower has petals that are pink with brown and white dots.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the pink flower is bell shape and has petal that is soft, smooth and has spots in the inner region
a group of white, velvet, and yellow bell shaped flowers with dots inside.
this flower has wide, bell-shaped pale purple blossoms with wide curved mouths.
the petals are light pink and green and have dark maroon spots and are shaped like a vase.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a flower with tube shaped petal that is light purple with spots.

this flower has petals that are pointed and pink, with an upper white layer of petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
the flower has large white petals that fade to a light pink at their tips and multiple white stamen ending in yellow anther.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl shape
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower is many shades of pink and has many stamen.
this light pink flower has many elongated trumpet shaped petals and a grouping of yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
there is an inner ring of white petals, an outer ring of pink petals, a pink protrusion behind the flower and a large cluster of white, yellow tipped stamen.

the flower shown has white petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are white and in a spiral shape
this flower has spiraling layers of overlapping white petals whose edges curl into points.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
a flower with white petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped around the center.
this flower has white petals that fold together in a swirl with a yellow patch
this flower has white petals with a yellow on the inside.
this flower has different layers of light yellow petals that get tighter as they get closer to the center.
this pale yellow-white flower has many petals that fold back along the edges.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy purple stamen
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate stamen.
this flower has hair-like white and purple petals with a yellow stamen.
a flower with many purple petals surrounding many string like purple and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has thick pale petals under a frizzy mass of thick purple hairs.
this flower has rounded purple petals and long, thin, curly purple petals too.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is short and green

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a 3 d event with the yellow and white leaves.
the flower shown has smooth white and yellow petals which are its main feature
this flower has petals that are yellow with white around the edges
this is a flower with large white petals that have yellow on the inside.
a flower with white petals that go yellow towards the middle.
this flower has smooth white petals with yellow near the centers and a brown pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is made up of five white petals that turn yellow closer to the stamen.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has wide brightly orange colored rounded petals surrounding two small stamen.
this large yellow and orange wide petaled flower stands upright on a single stalk.
the flower has pretty oval shaped petals there large and colorful.
the flower has petals that are bright orange with orange stigma.
this flower is trumpet shape with wide orangish yellow petals and long stamen.
this flower has large bright orange petals with crinkled slightly edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has large, wide yellow petals whose ruffled edges are slightly orange.

this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
the flower shown has very small purple petals with green pedicel
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
the flower is pale purple and has many filaments in it.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower has many small and rounded light purple petals in overlapping layers.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and bunched together.
a lavender flower with the green pedicel and the pistil are white and purple
this purple flower has layers of petals with a green pedicel

this flower has petals that are pink with ruffled tips
the flower shown has pink petals that are pointed at the tip.
a flower with pink petals and no visible anther filaments or pistils.
a flower with rippled pink petals, green sepals and green pedicel
this flower has layers of unusual pointed pink petals and a cluster of v-shaped stamen on top.
this bright pink flower is a sphere shape with funky, spike-like, flare petals.
this flower has a long narrow stem, bright magenta petals and a green and plum ovule.
this bright pink flower has densely packed, thin, pointed petals, with a darker pink stamen, a bright green pedicel, with two darker green colored leaves containing some bright pink accents in the veins.
the flower has many magenta colored petals and green and purple colored sepals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pedicel.

the flower has a long green pedicel and overlapping red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and folded in
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has a lot of dark red petals and no visible outer stigma or stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled closely around the center.
the beautiful petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green with thorns
this flower has petals that are red and is folded together
this flower has layers of bright red petals atop a green pedicel and green sepal.
this flower has dark red petals and a light green pedicel.

this flower has bright fushia petals with green stem and leafs with an inner yellow stamen.
this flower has a single light purple petal that gives the flower a trumpet like appearance.
the flower has petals that are pink with a green pedicel.
this flower is pink, white, and orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals on this flower are pink going to white and yellow.
this pink and yellow flower has rounded conical petals and green sepals.
a group of purple flowers with an orange and white spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow patches
this flower has pink petals in varying shapes including a trumpet-like petal.
this flower has large pink petals with a ruffled pink and yellow mouth.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a center made of yellow filaments.
pedicel is brown in color,petals are pink in color,and yellow stamens
a pink and yellow flower with pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has pink and pointy petals that has yellow stamen
this flower has a wide yellow center and upturned pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has pink pointy petals facing upward which turn lighter the further down you go.
a flower with a long and narrow petals that are pale purple.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has purple petals that are oval shaped and small.
this flower has petals that are pink with many yellow stamen.
this light purple flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen, which surround a lighter yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
a large pedaled purple flower with dull golden center stigma.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has small purple petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by rounded pink petals.

the petals on this flower are white and have a long white stem in the middle.
the pedicel is seen and a single white petal while the stamen and pistil are seen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this is a white flower with a yellow stem and white stamen.
this bell shaped flower has conjoined white petals with ruffles and pointed tips.
this flower has white attached petals and long white filaments.
this flower has a large white petal and long white stamens.
this flower has connected white petal and a long white stamen.
this flower has white bell shaped petals, with light brown stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
lavender petals of varying sized with a pretty jagged petal in the middle.
this flower has white petals white are both narrow and oval in shape.
the flower has three type of petals, one petal has purple and yellow decorations.
this flower has petals that are purple with a small patch of yellow
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has three different shaped lavender petals, one with yellow and dark purple highlights.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow patch
this flower has light purple-blue petals, which are all different shapes - three are narrow elongated ovals, while the other are a like a crepe paper and much more closer to circle shape.
this is a light purple flower with six petals and gets yellow and dark purple toward the receptacle.

this flower has petals that are red with short stamen
this flower has a lot of red curled petals with a red anther in the middle
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched close together.
this flower has numerous small red petals with rounded edges which slightly overlap each other.
the flower shown has thick red petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
flower with a green pedicel, cluster of small red petals comprising a dome pattern, almost non-visible pistil or stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has red clustered petals on a green pedicel.

scalloped white petals with deep light pink petals under them with a bright yellow pistil and large deep green sepals.
a primarily white petaled flower with purple outer petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has bright white petals with yellow anther and purple sepal
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
flower has pink petals at the bottom and white petals above the pink ones and teello pistils in the middle
this flower has pink oblong sepals underneath layers of white oblong petals in a cupped formation.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals, pink sepals and yellow stamen.
the flower has yellow stamen and white oval pointed petals.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled upward.

the flower has layers of green and purple petals which are triangular shaped.
purple petals sit atop a green sepal and pedicel on this flower
the flower has petals that are thick, smooth and dark pink in color with brown regions at their tips
this flower has a curled pink petal with a green tip on it
this flower is in pink and green color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.
this flower has purple petals with green tips, green sepals and a green pedicel.
this flower has pink petals with green tips, as well as green sepals.
this flower has upturned layers of thick pink petals with pointed tips.

this flower has large orange petals and a bulbous stamen with yellow tips.
to s flower has numerous yellow stamen surrounded by several large rounded petals which are orange in color.
this flower has orange petals, orange pistil and purple and white anther.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are curved inward.
a closed up flower with orange petals plus orange anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has yellow rounded petals surrounding the same color stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are curved in.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower is bright orange and features short fluffy stamen topped by orange anthers.
this flower has many bright orange stamen, surrounded by a few large, bright orange petals.

the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
the petals of this flower are purple with long green stamen.
this flower has long thick green stamen surrounded by flat and pointed layers of pale blue petals.
this is a flower that has dark blue pointed petals and green anthers.
this flower has large green stamen with flat layers of blue petals with pointed edges.
these flowers have purple petals, green pistil and yellow anthers
this flower has green stamen and tapered pointy-tipped petals in a dusky blue.
a flower with purple petals and long dark green stamen sticking out of it's center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a green stamen

the flower has pink petals that are dark around the boarders of the plant.
this flower has petals that are pink with a patch of yellow
this flower has five petals with different shades of pink.
the flower has pink petals with a pink and orange stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
this flower has five wide pink petals with dark ruffled edges.
the slightly ruffled petals are light pink with dark pink edges and the stamen are long and light pink.
this flower has petals that are piink and has a yellow center
a flower with long and curly pistils that are pink.
a simple row of five pink petals are arranged around a prominent ovary.

this flower has pointed bright pink petals on the outside with lighter pink petals on the inside and a large yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
the flower shown has pink and white petal, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and white with yellow stamen
this flower has the outer row of purple petals and the inner row of pink petals holding the stamens with yellow anthers at the middle
this flower has a yellow stamen and five rounded white petals surrounded by five pointed red petals.
a white and pink flower with one layer of petals forming a star and another five white petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple and white in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

what is so unique about this flower is bright canary color and also how it reminds me of a scrunchie
this flower's petals are yellow and toothed, and they are arranged in large globular clusters.
this flower is a bright yellow bulbous shape with no visible stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has petals that are yellow and has ruffled edges
this flower has a globe-like shape that is make up of many small yellow petals.
this flower has a rounded mound of thin yellow petals which are very ruffled.
the petals of this flower are yellow and bushy and the pedicel is green
this flower has light yellow petals, with greenish stamen in the center.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have a center that is yellow in color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
this flower has white pedals with yellow in the inside and green leaves
this flower has large white petals and yellow anthers in the center of it
this is a flower with round white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and layered.
flowers white with a big yellow thing in the middle with some yellow pencils on it
this flower has a thick clump of yellow stamen surrounded by a shallow cup-like arrangement of white petals.
a large white pedaled flower with a golden center stigma.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and rufled.
this flower is bright pink with a fluffy petal and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower has large pink petals with yellow anther as its main features
a flower with red petals and a long yellow stamen.
this flower has five large and very rounded red petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
this flower has yellow and red stamen, a coral anther filament and coral petals.
this flower has large pink petals with a wrinkled texture and a large pink pistil with a yellow stigma.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has two upturned layers of tapered white petals with vivid purple dots.
here is a flower with long slender white leaves that have purple spots and long filaments and anthers.
this flower has petals that are light purple with purple dots
the flower shown has star shaped purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has an umbrella shaped stamen top protruding out of purple petals embedded on a large green leaf.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this purple and white flower has petals as well as a pedicel.
this particular flower has petals that are short and small with white and pink
this flower has blue petals that have small purple dots

this flower has petals that are pink with black and white lines
the flower shown has pink petals with purple anther and pink filament
the flower shown has thin pink petals as its main feature.
this flower features pink and purple petals with yellow and dark red markings.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
a bright pink flower with two petals striped in yellow with a black dash design.
this flower has bright pink petals, two of which are solid and three that have small lines and yellow sections.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that have little spots.
this particular flower has petals that are dark pink on the outside
this flower has petals that are pink and yellow and has dark lines

these flowers grow in clusters upwards surrounding a single stalk, with petals that are yellow and pale pink.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the petals on the flower has alot of colorful petals yellow, brown, white and a pinkish color.
the flower shown has white and yellow petals with green pedicel
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and bunched together.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are yellow with shades of orange
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has multicolored petals that are varied shades of peach and yellow.
many pale peach blossoms open to reveal a smaller yellow center.

the white flower has petals that are soft, thin and separately arranged around stamens and forming bowl shape
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
petals are rounded in shape,sepals are green inc olor
the flower has thin pollen tubes that are yellow and white petals.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of white paper-like petals and a bunch of orange stamen.
a large white flower with large white petals surrounding many stubby yellow stamen.
these flowers have either pink or white petals surrounding the yellow stamen.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are bright pink with purple filaments and yellow anther.
the deep purple small and long petals of this flower surround the small yellow men in the center.
flower with many long purple and pink petals and a yellow and purple stamen.
the multiple pink elongated petals of this flower surround a cluster of black filaments with yellow anthers.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this pink and pale purple flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this is a purple flower with oval-shaped petals and yellow filaments.
a round flower with large, stiff, narrow petals surround purple and yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are yellow with purple stamen
the petals of the flower are white in color and have thin white filaments with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white with purple filaments and green anthers.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this white petal flower has a green stigma and purple and white filament.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
the flower shown has a large green pollen tube with white sepal and white and purple petals.
the busy stamens on the white and purple petals around the green pollen tube

this flower displays green sepals connected to the red petals all together
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
sepals are green in colorpetals are red in color and ropunded in shape
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled over the center.
this flower has petals that are red and closed together
this flower has red petals attached to green stamen and a brown pedicel.
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
the deep red petals are tightly wrapped and the sepals are green.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled around the center.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together

this flower has long hard looking red petals with white in the middle
the petals on this flower are spiky and overlap one another and the middle is closed off
this flower has petals that are red and pointy at the ends with white stamen
this flower has a red and yellow color scheme on its pedals and a white pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
there are long pointed yellow and red pedals coming out of a base of white stamen which form a thick dome.
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
the petals on this flower are mostly sharp red with yellow at the base.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has orange petals and purple pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange and folded together
the flowers has an orange color on most of its petals that are varying in shape.
this flower has petals that are orange with a burgundy pedicel.
this bright orange flower has rounded petals and a reddish purple pedicel.
this flower has large bright orange petals that are folded in an asymmetrical arrangement.
this flower has petals that are orange and folded upwards
this flower has wide and rounded orange petals which are slightly ruffled.
there are orange pedals which droop slightly and a brown stem and pedicel.

flowers are alternately arranged ,they are purple in color
the petals are bell-shaped and bright purple with black and white dots in the middle.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
a bunch of small funnel shaped purple flowers on a green stem.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a multitude of long purple petals and a hollow stamen.
a flower with curled petals that are purple with speckled dark purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, with bell shaped petals.
this trumpet shaped flower grows in clusters along the stem are light purple and have black spots on the inside of the petals.
the beautiful pink flower is bell shaped has fused petal that has dark red spots in the inner surface

this flower has yellow petals, green pollen tube, and yellow anther and filament.
this flower has petals that are yellow with green stigma
the flower shown has petals a large green pistil with large green and white petals
a light green flower with a dark green stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has soft yellow petals with round smooth edges and green stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a prominent green pistil surrounded by smooth yellow petals.
this flower has a pineapple-like center surrounded by large, round-edged yellow petals.
the stamen of the flower emulates the shape of a pineapple, and has various shades of green and yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a green style

the petals are purely white, long and oval shaped with yellow stamen.
these flowers have long white petals that point outwards with yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals that point straight up and has yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has oblong white petals arranged in an upright position with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
this flower has yellow stamen and upturned white petals with rounded edges.
these flowers have long, white petals, white filament and yellow anthers

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen in the center
the petals are large and bright orange and semi-circular in shape while the stamen are orange with green anthers.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow around the edges
the flower has round petals that are orange and red orange in color.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals tat are wavy.
wow this flower is just so beautiful its so orange and peddles are drooped in such a awesome way.
this flower has round orange petals which are smooth and veined.
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow
this flower has orange and yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
long, slender white petals spread out around a bright green pistil and multiple stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white with tan stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with wavy oval shaped petals.
this flower has distinct, narrow white petals with a pronounced green and brown pistil.
a flower that is white and a very long pedal and a dull tan center.
this flower has thin and white petals with yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
this flower is peach in color, with petals that are ruffled in appearance.
this flower has five ruffled whitish petals surrounding a protuberant yellow pollen tube.
the flower has petals that are light pink and is dark red in the centre, and also they are separated and arranged in disc like manner
a flower that has salmon color petals and a dark red center with yellow filaments
flower, 5 very pale pinkish petals with deep red origins, long style with filaments and 5 very small anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
the petals of this flower are pale pink and dark red at the base, and there is a prominent yellow pollen tube and orange sigma.
this flower has a tall yellow pistil in a red ovary surrounded by five floppy pink petals.

this flower has petals that are white with orange lines
the flower shown has yellow petals with a red line down each petal.
this sun-shaped flower has brown and yellow colors and it has a flower head that contains a bunch of yellow stamens.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by large yellow petals with vertically striped red centers.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped in the center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower has bright yellow and red petals with a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has a single ray-like layer of yellow petals with red stripes down their center.
this flower has elongated waxy yellow with maroon striped petals and yellow stamen.

the flower has fused pale purple petals and a trumpet like shape with no stamen or stigma visible.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple in the center
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this large flower has a fuchsia center and five large, pale purple petals with veins and ruffled edges.
a flower with tubular interconnect purple petals, a central opening, and green pedicel.
this flower has five wide, slightly heart shaped pink petals which are ruffled.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and hasp urple center
a light pink flower tat has light pink petals with a dark pink center
this flower has pink petals that cover the entire stamen and leave it in the shade.

the petals of this flower are red/orange with a short stigma
this funnel shaped flower has red petals that has stamen with also around same color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
these are orange trumpet flowers that grow on very tall vines.
this particular flower has petals that are large and dark red
the red petals form a vase shape around red stamen and the sepals are green.
the petals are red in color with the anther filament a light yellow in color .
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

the flower has a bright purple petal with a purple pedicel as well
this pink-purple flower appears to have a single petal, and grows on a vine.
this flower has a large purple flower with a single white stamen in the middle
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cone.
the flower has petals that are purple with white centers.
this flower has petals that are purple and pink and has a white center
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has deep purple petals, a white ovule and short, bright green leaves.
this flower has a white ovary, a funnel shape, and bright purple petals.
these flowers have purple petals with white stamen in the inside of it.

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this is a large flower that grows on a stalk with yellow and blue petals.
the flower has pointy orange petals that point in many directions.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower is yellow, blue, and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has pointed orange and purple petals that look like feathers.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are bright yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are orange colored with tapered tips.

this orange and red flower has layered petals and yellow and orange stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
broad oval petals pointed at the end and deep red, with small yellow pistils
this flower has petals that are red with floery stigma
the petals of the flower are red in color and have yellow and red anthers in the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has large red flowers and small yellow stamens.
this flower has a grouping of very short yellow stamen and pistils surrounded by bright red petals in varying large sizes.
this flower has wide and thick red leaf-like petals with small veins.
this flower has flat petals of orangish red and stamen that are yellow and orange.

this flower has small white petals and white pistil as its main features
the flower has wilted petals that are small and pink with white.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white and pink petals with a long green stem.
a widely spaced white petaled flower with white stamen and a long green stem.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
four white petals have large white stamen coming out the center.
this flower has small white and pink petals with long white stamens.

this flower has very dense, yellow, ribbon like petals with thin leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched togeher.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
flower has many small wavy yellow petals with a few green pistils in the center.
the petals of the flower are yellow with curly petals and green leaves.
this flower has layers and layers of yellow petals.
this bright yellow flower grows in clusters, and you are unable to see the individual stamen of each flower.
this flower has a ball-like shape that consists of very many small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
a flower with narrow and short petals that are yellow.

this flower has several large, oddly shaped white petals with faint yellow hints at their centers.
this small puffy flower is white with a yellow tint at the tip.
the flower of the plant is made of white petals that have a small detail of yellow.
a flower that has white petals with some tones of yellow and green filaments
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has large and very smooth white petals whose surface is slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
a light yellow flower with light yellow petals that wrapped around it's center.
this flower has white different shaped petals that get some yellow on them closer to the pistil and stamen.
this flower has light green pedicels and smooth white petals.

a flower with its petals that are separated and are arranged around the stamen that are clustered in disc like formation
the petals are orange with yellow tips while the stamen is a deep red.
a large orange flower with pointy petals and a large deep orange center.
the petals are red that slowly fade to orange and red.
the pretty flower has red petals that change to yellow at its tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow tips
this flower has thin orange petals that are yellow towards the tip.
this flower has a thick brown center and long orange petals with tapered yellow tips.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower has a ray-like arrangement of bright orange petals that have pointed yellow tips.

this flower has yellow curled inward petals and pointed leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and closed up
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this is a small circular yellow flower with yellow petals.
this flower has a closed petal structure, and it is a dull yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and curled around the center.
this flower has bright yellow petals that are rounded in shape and wrapped tightly together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has a spiral of wide and very rounded petals in shades of yellow.
the flower has yellow petals with many stamen around the green pollen tube

a ring of overlapping, oblong, bright yellow petals surrounds a center with many yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has many yellow petals with brown center and yellow stamen.
this flower has a brown center and layers of long yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this is a yellow flower with long, oval-shaped petals that has a black pistil.
a flower with yellow petals and dark brown stamen
this flower has a few layers of bright yellow petals with a slightly ridged surface and an oblong shape.

the petals on the flower are purple and yellow with black strips.
the flower has petals of a both purple and yellow colors with brown stripes.
the pretty flower has 2 small purple petals and one bigger yellow one.
has multicolored petals, lavender at the top and yellow petals on the other side, with delicate pistils and purple accents.
irregular shaped flower has yellow lower petals and purple upper petals with dark purple nectar guides.
this flower has yellow petals at the bottom and purple petals at the top.
this flower has yellow and purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped and striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and yellow and has dark lines
this flower has yellow and purple petals with dark purple stripes.

the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with pink in center
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the flower has two colors white and pink with no stamen seen.
the petals are broad and white, with a bright purple color near the center.
this flower has white petals that are tinged with magenta in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a pink center
a set of pink and white flowers with floppy white petals.
this flower is characterized by its light pink petals coupled with a dark pink circular band on the inside of each petal.
this flower has small smooth petals that are white with pink at the base.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
petals are rounded in shape,they are red in color with amny stamens
a round puffy flower with pink petals and many long white stamen with black tips.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has clusters of red petals with wavy edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals of this flower are a bright pink and overlap each other and the pistil is yellow.
this flower has layers of very ruffled red petals around short yellow stamen.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large purple petals and long purple stamen in the center
the flowers have purple petals that are long and oval shaped.
outer petals are larger and broader,inner prtals are needle shaped
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
there are many stringy stamens purple with white tips and purple petals
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and are skinny and curly.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower's petals form a pinwheel shape and the petals are white with a bit of light yellow near the center.
this flower has think white petals that turn yellow at their base.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white shading
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is white and has petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged overlapping each other and forming a disc like shape
this flower has a spiraling configuration of five smooth white and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this tree flower has five spade shaped petals that are yellow toward the center and whiten toward the tip and are aligned in a spiral.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with yellow center.

the flowers have pink petals that are delicate and pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has very pale pink petals which are wide and smooth.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower is pink in color, and has one petal that is spotted.
this flower has thin stamen inside a five-pointed arrangement of light pink petals with darker pink spots.
the petals on this flower are mostly soft pink, and pink is the color of the stamen.

a flower with large individual red petals and cluster of central brown stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy in appearance.
this red flower has circular red petals and yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are orange with green anthers.
the flower shown has orange petals which also has green stamen
this flower has bright orange petals with yellow ends near the center and beige stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals wavy and ruffled.
the petals are red in color with green pistils in the center of the flower.
this flower has bright orange petals that have a wrinkled texture and rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a long stigma
the flower shown has orange and purple petals with pointy tips
the top petals on this flower a very beautiful orange and gradually turn to pink lower on the flower.
this flower has large pointy orange petals and an orange stigma in the center
this flower has orange, pink, and green petals, with orange on the innermost portion and green on the outermost tips.
this flower has purple and yellow petals as well as a green sepal.
overlapping pointy petals are purple on the tip, pink, and then yellow and orange at the bottom.
a flower with red and orange petals and long green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and has many layers

this flower has interesting, frost-tipped petals that are blue-purple in appearance.
the flower has a pine cone shaped center with leafy point petals surrounding it
this lavender flower has feather-like petals and a small pine cone looking center.
a sharp flower that is purple and green in the center
a spiky, white-and-green, pineapple-shaped center is surrounded by long, thin, spiny pale purple petals on top of a ridged gray stalk.
this flower has petals that are purple and very spiky at the end
this flower has a thick spiked green center from which protrude pale purple spikes.
diverse green pineapple like style with purplish pedals fanning out.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has pointy purple petals and a large cone-shaped pistil.

the flower shown has yellow pistil with a purple and pink petal
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker around the center.
this flower has pink petals, and whitish anther and filament.
the flower has petals that are light pink and dark pink in the most inner part.
this flower has pale pink flat broad petals around a darker pink center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a darker pink center
these flowers have light pink petals that are dark pink around the middle.
the flower has six large pink petals that turn dark magenta toward the center.
a flat row of pink petals with a brighter pink center around the receptacle.
this flower has connected pale pink petals which are rounded with fuchsia centers.

