this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
this is a flower with long purple petals and a dark pistil.
this flower has petals that are flat and pink with a purple center and yellow stamen.
the flowers have large purple petals that are thin and dense.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
there are numerous purple, rounded petals on this flower with a dark purple cluster of stamen.
thin, rounded, pale purple petals and purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple and has blue stamen
a purple flower with black disc floret bud and the leaves are green
a flower with pink petals and purple stamen.

this flower has five petals with varying shades of pink that darken as they reach the edge of the petal.
this flower has five individual petals with very soft stamens.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
lavender petals with a deeper darker fringe, only a few petals with a deep well in the center harboring long delicate stamen.
a bright purple stamen flower with skinnye long stamens in the middle
this flower has five large, pointy-tipped petals in gradating shades of pink.
this flower has large pink and white petals with pink stripes leading to the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has five ruffle-edged and pointed petals that are a true pink.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and multicolored.
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are orange with yellow stamen.
the flower is orange with soft, smooth, thin petals that has curly edges
this flower has large yellow and orange petals with twisted and wilted edges and long yellow stamen.
the pedals have a wavy appearance with varying changes from light orange to red.
large complex wavy petals of yellow and red with long yellow stamen coming from the center.
this flower has orange and yellow petals with crumpled edges
a flower with red and yellow petals and a green stem.

this flower has several pale purple petals with ruffled edges.
three long, thin purple petals form a background to two ruffled purple petals, which form a background to a cone-shaped purple petal that is a dark red and orange on the inside and has ruffled lips.
the flower shown has light purple petals and is orange, red, and pink on the inside.
this bright pink flower has several fluttery petals and a tubular center.
this flower is pink and red in color, and has petals that are multi sized.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pink patches
the petals of this flower are flowing and pink and the pistil is dark red and orange
an odd looking purple flower with very large purple leaf like petals surrounding a dark purple center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled on the edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.

this flower has one purple rounded petal with a hallow poka dot inside
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the violet bell shaped flower has petal that is fused, smooth, thin and has spots in the inner region
the petals of this flower are magenta with a short stigma
this flower has many purple bell shaped petals with spotted insides on a single stem.
this flower has purple bell-shaped petals with yellow and brown spotted interiors.
this flower has cone shaped pink and lavender petals with tan and brown dots in the inside hanging from a green vine.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has many long trumpet shaped flowers on a single stem, bright magenta with purple spots inside the trumpet.

the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are wavy and multi colored.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with white pistil in the center
a cluster of flowers with purple petals accompanied by white pistils and anther filaments.
this flower has a cluster of purple and white petals extending down the pedicle.
these flowers grow in bunches with bright purple petals that fade into a pale yellow/white toward the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading
this flower has white stamen and light purple petals with uneven edges.
soft purple pink pedals with white highlights and a long white stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with bits of white
a purple flower with ruffled petals and a green pedicle and sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple with green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are dark purple with no visible pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
these deep purple flowers have round petals and there are multiple receptacles on a single pedicel.
flower with large oval navy blue petals and hidden pistil
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wilted in appearance.
flower with green pedicel, multiple flowers radiate off pedicel in a alternating pattern, petals are small deep purple, extremely short stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together

a small blue flower with white anther filaments and pistils.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are shaped like a bell.
this light blue cornet shaped flower has petals joined into one segment.
the petals on this flower are light purple with a distinct star pattern throughout.
the flower has purple petals that grow from a green pedicel.
this blue and white flower has rounded petals and a white pistil.
this is a light blue flower with one large petal that turns white toward the receptacle.
a flat light blue flower with a cream colored center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white center
a periwinkle flower with overlapping petals that form a cone, and heart-shaped leaves on a vine.

the petals of this flower are lavender with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together and wavy.
this light purple flower has a lot of small petals on it
the petals on this flower are purple with tiny purple stamen.
this flower could be described as a "burst" of lavender petals with the stamens mixed in amongst the petals.
the petals on this flower are violet purple and the pedicel is green
a fluffy pile of flower that is purple and packed with pedals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled at the edges
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are uneven and bunched closely together.
this flower has an irregular ring of small oblong light purple petals and a disk of many short stamen at its center.

this flower has petals that are yellow with orange spotting
the flower as seen has two colors being yellow and orange.
this flower has four petals that are yellow with red spots.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals on this flower are yellow with red dots.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower has yellow petals with orange and red spots all over the petal, a yellow ovule and green leaves.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and red
this flower has brightly colored large petals that are yellow with red markings.

flower has petals that are yellow with many yellow stamen.
pedicel is green in color,petals are rounded in shape and are yellow in color
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has very wide, rounded yellow petals which are slightly shiny.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has round yellow petals that have thick stamen
this is a bright yellow flower with small yellow anthers coming from the middle.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a smooth texture arranged in a cup-like fashion.

the flower petals are light pink in color, the stamens are long in lenghth
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this trumpet shaped flower is pale pink and has conjoined petals traced with deeper pink veins.
this flower has large pink petals and long white stamen on the inside
very thin light pink petals with veining and long stamen with long pink anthers.
this flower has purple and green petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has pink and white petals with dark veins.
this flower has wide and rounded pink petals which have visible veins.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that have little veins.

this flower has purple petals that are small and pointed, surrounding a lighter center.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
the petals are aligned radially below short purple petals like needles.
the flower is so big and large that has petals that looks like sepals and has disc like arrangements of stamen and petal
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with long, narrow, and pointy petals that are purple.
this flower has a unique star shape with light purple and white petals and five yellow stamen.
light purple petals, many thin, purple stamen, and purple and yellow stigma.
the pedals on this flower alternate in length, and thus give it a rather prominent look to it.
this pale purple flower has 10 thin pedals coming out, forming a star-like shape.

a flower with large individual red petals and a central cluster of white and orange stamen.
the flower has a red petal with red stamen in the inner flower
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
the flower has petals that are dark orange, with yellow stamen.
this flower has large, overlapping red petals which are wide and rounded, with slightly ruffled edges.
flower has a yellow hollow interior and five roundish red petals laid flatly around it.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow center
this tropical looking flower has large red petals with a yellowish orange center.
this chili red flower has the alternate petal arrangement and prominent yellowish center part

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the long yellow anthers are visible in middle of the white petals.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged in different layers around the stamens that are yellow
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
layers of long slender white petals surround a cluster of yellow stamen.
the multiple layers of white petals and a bright yellow stamen adorns this flower.
this flower has long pointed white petals with yellow stamen and stigma.
rows of bright white pointed petals with prominent yellow stamen.

this flower has white pointed petals and no visible stigma
this flower has several upturned layers of white petals with tapered tips.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow steman
the petals of the flower are thin and pointy, and they have different tones of yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
petals are a delicate pale yellow in contrast to the vibrant golden stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has many layers
this flower has upturned layers of pale yellow petals with pointed tips.
this flower has longer white to yellow petals surrounding a yellow pistil.

this flower is rose shaped with yellow overlapping petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
the petals are fluffy and yellow and there's no visible stamen or pistil.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has layers of wide and rounded petals which are pale yellow in color.
this flower has multiple rows of petals that get darker towards the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are fodled together

this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower shown has pointy white and purple petals with green sepal
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower has a ball-like shape with many small white petals.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white with purple tips.
the petals of this flower are furry, white, and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower is characterized by its white and purple, sharp petal like projections that surround the entire flower.

this pink flower has wide, overlapping pink petals with rounded edges.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and pink in color
this flower has large pink petals and a dark pink anther in the middle
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower is made of pink petals with a pink center and green leaves.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
the bloom of the flower is hot pink in color and the leaves of the flower are green in color.
this is a round shaped flower with dark pink petals on it.
this flower has bright pink petals with smooth edges and prominent veins.

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has petals that are red yellow ane white and shaped like a tube.
these flowers have dark red petals with yellow and white markings.
this red and yellow tubular flower, flowers out vertically and has an upper lip.
these curved flowers have white petals with accents of yellow and bright red.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow patches
this flower has multicolored petals that have irregular white, red, and yellow coloring.
this flower has different sized red with yellow petals that are almost bell shaped.
this flower has layers of bright red petals with bright yellow accents.
this flower is white, yellow, and red in color, and has petals that are wavy and multi colored.

this flower has petals that are orange with red lines
a flower with a hanging ribbed red and orange petals and cluster of red stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this downward pointing flower of five orange and red petals has a just barely noticeable cluster of stamen.
sepals are green,petals are rounded in shape and are brown inc olor
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that have dark veins.
this flower hangs upside down with petals having net like patterns.
a flower with long and wide petals that are orange with purple lines.
this flower hangs down with yellow and red highlighted petals with a darker red stamen.

this flower has large white petals and a few white stamen in the inside
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower is white with petal that is soft, smooth and fused with stamens sticking out from the centre
a white flower with star shaped petals and tiny stamen in the middle.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are green near the ovule.
the flower has fused white petals that are soft, smooth and has bunch of stamens sticking out from the center that has white filament and light brown anthers
this flower has a rounded trumpet shape and its white petal is very smooth.
this flower has a large, sheet like white petal, with hardly any divisions.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are green and has a yellow center

sepals are green in color,leaves are green in color and the petals are red in color
this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the red petals on this flower face upward and stick out all around it.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers bunched together
this flower has a vertical chevron pattern of smooth shiny red petals.
this flower has bright red petals, a large green pistil, and long yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has red petals as well as a red pistil.
this tropical plant has large green leaves and thick red petals that appear to climb each other straight up.
this flower has petals that are red and is bunched together

the petals of the flower are purple and has purple filaments and anthers.
light lavender petals form a surround for stamen and pistils of the same color.
the flower shown has purple petals and anther as well as purple filament
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
the flower has petals of a pink hue with pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a star-like configuration of light purple petals, some with dark orange spots on them.
this flower has petals that are purple and has purple stamen
this flower has thick petals in hues of pink and purple, with semi-conjoined bases.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have leaves that are green and waxy in appearance.

this flower has large pink petals and stigma that is white
the flower has longer stamen with larger and oink colored anthers
the flower has pink and white petals with green sepal and pink anther
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has wide white petals whose pink edges are slightly ruffled.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
bright pink and white petals which have a round appearance sit on thick green pedicels.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has multicolored petals that are white with bright pink edges.

this flower has thin star shaped purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink in the centers
flower has petals that are white with a purple stripe with many white stamen.
this is a flower with white petals that have a pink stripe down the petals.
a flower with white and purple pointed petals and a long green stem
seven long pink pedals with a brighter pink strip surrounding the yellow stamen.
this flower has petals with two different shades of pink around white stamen and a white pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a small grouping of short stamen surrounded by a wheel of pointed white petals with pink stripes.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines

the flower has bright purple petals and its pistils are dark purple.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled and curved.
this flower has lavender petals with dark purple anthers.
this flower has protruding purple stamen surrounded by long purple petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has long purple petals and a lot of purple stamen in the center
a large velvet flower with a large purple center with dark tips on the stigma.
this flower has an irregular ray-like configuration of light blue petals with wavy edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
the flower has a row of elongated rippled lavender petals that surround the lavender pistil and stamen.
the petals of the flower are long, and have ruffled edges, and some petals have a single colored dot.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this bright orange trumpet-shaped bloom has a five petals surrounding a yellow throat and smooth green leaves with pale veins radiating out from the center.
this bright orange flower has a center of yellow filament and anther.
the flower shown has orange petals and green pistil in the center
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow wavy and wrinkled in color, with petals.
this flower has orange petals with yellow in the middle
this flower has orange petals independent of one another and a yellow middle.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are skinny and long.
the flower is big with its stamen formed like curly human hair on top of the petals that are pointed down wards, and the pistil is sticking out
this exotic purple flower has thin delicate petals and an obvious pistil in the middle.
this purple flower has very large, prominent stamen and many thin, curly petals.
double purple ringed petals that fray outwards in a lighter shade of purple with white in their innermost centers and a yellowish green pistil.
this flower has wide green petals and a fringe of purple frizz under thick green stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a stringy purple stamen
the flower has green and yellow stamen and purple and white petals.
this is a purple flower with petals that look like they are strings, and it has a large pistil.

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this petals on this flower are white with pink stamen.
this is a white-petal flower with pink and green stamen.
the plant stamens are pink in color with white peta;ls
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has smooth, large white petals and a dense pink and yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled and oval shaped.,
this flower has a thick clump of pink stamen surrounded by a wheel of white oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink stamen
there are simple brilliant white oval shaped petals in a star configuration surrounding a cluster of pinkish yellow stamen.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have small white anthers in the center.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled over at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigma
this trumpet shaped white flower has conjoined petals with pointed tips.
five conjoined white petals turn down at the edges around a small cluster of white stamen.
this flower has five tiny white stamen visible inside what looks like one single pinwheel shaped petal with colorless creases.
this flower has a broad white head with tiny white stamen and many dark green leaves.
this flower has white petals that have five points on the ends
this flower has petals that are all connected and are white and curl outward.
this is a flower with a single, white petal, white stamen, and multiple green sepal.

this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
the petals on this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has a thick white pistil surrounded by a thick and sturdy red petal with a pointed tip.
one larger petal that is red in color,with a prominent larger white pistil
this flower has petals that are red with long style
this flower has petals that are red and has a red style
this flower has a very large red petal that is heart-shaped with a white thick pistil.
this blood red flower has a heart shaped petal with a yellow and white pistil.
this flower has a red petal and a light yellow stamen.
this flower has one heart-shaped petal with a white and yellow spiked pistil

the petals are join together to form, and are arranged symmetrically.
the flower has a smooth white petal with white stamen in the center
this flower has large white petals and a bright yellow center with white stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this trumpet shaped flower has five large conjoined white petals with a bright yellow center.
flat looking white colored flowers with a golden yellow center.
this flower has small white petals and a small yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with a petal that surrounds the pistils and is white.

the flower has petals that are pink and the stamen and pistil are green.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the flower has petals that are overlapping and pink with green stigma.
clusters of light pinkish-purple petals with a bulbous green pistil.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has large pale pink petals with smooth edges and curving textures.
this flower has multiple petals fanned out from center, shaded from dark to light pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this flower has a green receptacle and bright pink petals with smooth edges.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are lighter around the edges.
this flower has large purple petals and long yellow stamen in the center
the flower has a bright purple petal with yellow anther and white filament
this is a beautiful purple peddle with yellow seedlings flower.
this flower has the simple row of purple petals with the short pistil and the stamens holding the yellow anthers at the tip
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five small rounded purple petals and short yellow filaments.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals are purple with white edges and the anther is golden colored.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

pretty red petals with white in the center and a long pink stamen.
the flower has petals that are starting from sepals as a tube and getting suddenly separated and forming a disc like shape
the flower has petals that are white with red edges and shaped like a tube.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this large open flowering bloom has shades of from white to light pink to dark pink on its petals with a long thin pollen tube.
the deep pink flowers has a light pink pedicel and the inside is yellow
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has large white petals that are pink on the ends and the center of the flower is a bright yellow.
this flower has a trumpet-shaped petal that has bright pink edges and white near the center with yellow ovaries.
this flower has wide white petals whose ruffled edges are bright pink.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals are a pastel pink color, while the stamen is a green color.
the petals on this flower are red with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
the flower has red petals and the stamen can be seen.
this flower has red leaves which have veins and tapered tips.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has long red petals that get smaller closer to the yellow and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
the red petals are sharply pointed and have dark red veins and the sepals are green.

the flower is big with petals that are separate and overlapping each other and forming a shape of funnel
the flower has petals that are dark pink with pink stigma.
this flower has five pink petals surrounding a pink stigma.
a hot pink flower with five scalloped edged petals and a pink stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are large and rounded.
the petals of this flower are huge and pink and the pistil is small and pink
this pink flower has large petals and short pink stamen in the center.
this flower has protuding pink stamen and a single layered pattern of pink petals with slightly darker striping.
this flower has large pink leaves that have darker pink lines in them and a large pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pink stamen

the flower has an orange petal with yellow spots and a green pedicel
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has several large, wide bright orange petals with ruffled, rounded edges.
dark yellow pistil surrounded by yellow and deep orange petals.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have curled edges.
the flower has five petals that have an orange, red, and yellow marbled appearance.
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has orange and red petals that are large and broad, a red and orange ovule and bright green leaves.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are mostly orange with a bit of yellow.

the petals of the flower are pointed in shape and have an inner layer that is red in color.
a large fire work shaped flower with reddish yellow petals, yellow stamen and a white stigma.
this flower is yellow ad black in color, with petals that are striped in the center.
this flower has long yellow petals with red stripes and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has two rows of pointed yellow, orange and black petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner around yellow stamens
this flower has yellow petals, each with a dark red stripe down the center.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the flower has longer stamen and larger anthers that are brown in color
this flower has down turned yellow stamen surrounded by long thin red petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow patches
this flower has long red petals and long yellow stamen on the bottom
this flower has mostly red and tints of yellow petals.
this flower has long yellow and orange petals with long yellow stamens.
this is a flower with elongated red and yellow pedals and stamen underneath the pedals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
this flower has long petals with jagged edges and a red and yellow coloring.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has long skinny yellow petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
a flower with tiny yellow petals and very few yellow pistils.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many stamen
this flower has long skinny bright yellow petals in a ring.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and small yellow stamens.
yellow pistil are in the center of this flower with thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.

the inner portion of the petals is purplish red, while the outer portion is white.
this flower has petals that are red with white edges
stamens are larger and are with in color,petals are white oink in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
the flower has five dark pink petals with white ruffled edges, it has white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
a flower with petals that are wide and have purple centers and white edges.
these flowers have petals with red or purple interiors that quickly turn white at the outer edges.
this flower has white outer petals and dark pink inner petals.

many red colored stamen with anthers and ared colored petals
this flower's petals have dark red color in the middle and lighter color on the outer part accompanied by a bunch of pistils.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
the flower shown has several layers of white and pink petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this bright pink flower has a short pedicel with no noticable stamen or stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has several layers
this flower has white and red petals, and large, leather-textured green leaves.
a flower with bright pink petals and four white sepals.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are red with veins.
the flower shown has wide flat flowers in a uniform shade of fiery red.
this flower has several small peach colored blossoms along the stem.
this cluster of blooms is a coral orange in hue with a backdrop of curled green leaves.
this bold red flower has many beautiful petals with matching stamens.
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has small stamen
these flowers are grouped in a bunch and have rounded red petals.
this flower has tiny red petals whose edges are smooth and rounded.
these small bunch of flowers have red rounded petals

this flower has small, bright yellow petals - the outer layer lies flat and the inner petals curl over to conceal the center of the flower.
the flower has petals that are large and dark yellow.
this flower has many yellow petals and small green sepals.
the flower has needle shaped green leaves with yellow colored petals hat are rounded and aclosed
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has very large yellow petals which are wide, smooth, and rounded.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals of bright yellow and bright green foliage.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this bright yellow flower has open petals and closed petals.

the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow spots on the center
the flower has five oval-shaped petals that are white at the ends and yellow in the middle.
the flower petals are star shaped and wih white colored petals with some yellow marks
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval.
the flower has five petals that are oval and yellow in the center with white edges.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five rounded, very smooth white petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has overlapping white petals with dark yellow bases.

this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
the red colored flower has red altrnatimng many petals and large red colored stamen
multiple red petals surround a darker red pistil with cone shaped stamen.
the flower has red petals with red stamen scattered in the middle.
this flower has a red colored petal and a very dark red stigma
this flower has petals that are red and has purple stigma
red petals with deep red, short stamen.
a flower with short and wide petals that is red.
the petals on this flower are mostly dark red in color and the inner stamen is the color black.
this flower has many randomly scattered red petals with ruffled edges.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this trumpet shapes flower has five conjoined white petals with pointed tips and ruffled edges.
this flower has it's petals shaped into a star with ripples edges.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has white petals with crinkled edges and a green ovary
a flower with white petals that are pointed at the tip.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has five linked white petals with ruffled edges and green veins.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have edges that are curled in appearance.

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
petals are oval in shape,they are orange inc olor
there are several pointed bright orange petals surrounding yellow stamens.
this flower has orange petals that has many yellow stamen
the flower has deep orange petals that are oval and yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by tapered orange petals.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has pedals and a pedicel that are almost the same color purple.
the flower has petals that are dark pink with pink pedicel.
the large dark pink flower has multiple large overlapping petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded and large.
this flower has numerous upturned pink petals which taper to a slight point.
this flower has bright magenta petals, a magenta leathery textured stem and broad green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are dark magenta and the pedicel is a dark pink
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has tiny green sepals that hold the smooth largely upright petals that are pink in color.

the outer layer of the flower is made of triangular shaped petals that are green in color.
this purple flower has pointed protrusions in place of petals and pale green leaves.
this petals on this flower are green with long purple stamen.
this petty flower has a lot of thin purple petals.
this flower is purple and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has green petals with long purple and stringy stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly light purple in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has a fringed center of hair-like lilac colored petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
five large, flat, orange petals with yellow edges and stringlike yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower shown has smooth yellow petals with yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange tint.
this flower has four bright yellow petals surrounding bright yellow stamen.
this flower has four wide and very smooth yellow and orange petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this yellow orange flower has rounded petals and a bright green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange center

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is [pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has nice pink petals along with a green and red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this is a flower with long and curled pink petals on it and a long pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long skinny purple petals and purple stamens.
style and stamen stick out prominently from the center of the petals, which are pink and curl back towards the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.

the petals on this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is red and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
the flower shown has a large red petal, and a yellow pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
the petals on this flower are red with a yellow pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has one single shiny petal.
the large, bright red petal is flat and encircles the thick, tall, yellow stamen.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and a shiny, thick and pointed red petal.
this flower has wrinkly red petals and the pistil is tube like and white
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style

this flower has a cactus like appearance on the bottom and numerous amount of tiny pink petals sticking out of the top.
this flower is in color, with petals that are pointy.
a pink flower with tiny petals and small stamen that sit on top of a green sepal.
the flower has thin petals that are pink in color on top of a base that is prickly.
the ovary of this blossom is very large, green and has many spiky thorns growing from it, the stigma looks like purple hair.
this flower has small spike-shaped thin purple petals and a bright green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very skinny and pointed.
this flower has petals that are green and has pink stamen
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is big and green
this flower has bright purple petals that are very skinny.

this flower has petals that are red with a long flowery stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals on this flower are red with a red stamen.
this flower is bright red with petals leaning outward with yellow anthers.
the flower has round red petals that have wavy edges and pink pistil.
this flower has has petals that are a bright red color with an extended red stamen with a yellow tip.
the flower has a few broad red petals that connect at the base, and a long pistil with tiny yellow stamen on the end.
this flower has red petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery style
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery style

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, with petals that are pink along the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink and white and yellow with a long stigma
this flower has many brightly colored petals featuring purple, white and yellow with a purple pistil.
the flower has a pink and yellow petal and a long green pedicel.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has large white petals that are pink towards the tips.
this flower is pink, white, yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the flower is composed of two rings of smooth petals, one outer and one inner, with each ring consisting of three petals, where each petal has a dark pink fringe that lightens to white as the color approaches the center of the flower, with the center of the flower a light yellow color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading

this flower has thin white and purple petals as its main feature.
the flower has petals that are purple, yellow or white.
the flower has two solid purple petals and four white petals with black stipes.
this flower has purple petals, yellow petals, as well as green pedicel and sepal.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the ovule.
the flower has purple and white petals and white pollen tube with little stamens
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines
this asymmetrical flower has purple petals and yellow petals with black stripes, and rounded petals.
this flower is purple, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored.

this flower has prominent green and purple stamen and pollen tube, surrounded by two layers of thin purple and wide white petals.
the flower has green sepal with green anther and purple filament
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has light petals and purple, white and burgundy as its main feature.
this flower has large yellow petals and long and blue stamen in the middle
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has beautiful purple and black petals and the pistil is green
this unique flower has a lower row of white petals and an upper row of long, thin purple petals.
this flower has a open row of green petals under a row of lavender white and maroon needle shaped petals.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and pink towards the center.
this flower has white petals that turn to pink the closer they get to the ovary.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with purple shading
this flower has petals which are very large and white and smooth as well
this flower has smooth oblong petals that are white with a purple ovary.
this flower has very smooth large white petals which grow backwards from a purple center.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white petals with small splashes on pink under the petals.

the flower of the plant is pink and folded inward and has a green sepal.
this soft peach colored flower has petals that fold into a bell shape.
the flower shown has orange petals as well as green sepal
the petals are a light orange color, and they come together in a bowl shape.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curved inward.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has a thin stem with prominent green sepals surrounding a bell-like formation of light orange petals.
this thin, peach colored flower has veins running through the petals and grows in a bell shape upside down.
this flower has petals that are orange and have red lines
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are barely opened.

a flower with purple petals and lavender anther filaments.
this flower has a pink petal and a pink anther filament
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is a gorgeous pink, with the shape that is reminiscent of a firework exploding outward toward the sky while it's center tangles it's way toward the outside world.
the stamens ar longer and pink in color with larger anthers
this pink and dark red flower has rounded petals and pink and black stamen.
there flowers have pink petals with stringy stamen in the center attached to brown pedicels.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this flower has bright pink petals, a pink stigma, and a black stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots

this flower has one large white petal surrounding a bright orange pointed pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
the petal is closed and it appears white and the stamen is orange.
the flower has a visible pistil and a unique petals that covers it
this flower has a long yellow stamen and a white petal with pointed tip.
this flower has one large, conical-shaped petal with a large orange stamen in the middle and green pedicel.
this white flower has rounded petals and a yellow orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma
the petals on this flower are mostly green in color and the inner stamen is the color orange.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with white stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with white style
this flower has a long stamen and a single large white petal encircling it and giving it a trumpet like appearance.
leaves are green in color,petals are white in color,larger anthers
this flower is a white trumpet shape with white filament and bright green leaves.
this flower has a funnel-like shape with an all white petal as well as white stamen.
this flower is characterized by its white, continuous petals as well as its tiny green-white pistil.
this flower has a large connected white petal with a longer white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a small style

this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
the flower is yellow in color with green sepals.
this flower has large yellow petals and a few bright yellow stamen on it
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
there are only a few yellow pedals on the flower.
this flower has three yellow, long petals with a sort of mouth in the middle containing 3 stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this flower has wide and long petals in shades of pale yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with thin oval shaped petals.
this flower has mostly yellow petals with small sections of white and darker stripes.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange with flowery stamen
this flower is fluffy orange with yellow stigmas and brown marks on its petals.
the flowers has a strange looking set of petals that looks more like leaves than petals.
this flower has the yellow large petals with the row of tiny white petals at the middle
there is a beautiful yellow flower with petals and more little flowers growing on top of it.
this flower has larger curved light pink leaves, as well as smaller white petaled flowers, with long slightly lumpy stamens and somewhat translucent tawny leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are orange and has flowery stigma
this flower has large yellow sepals and very small white petals.

this flower has petals that are red with white shading
the flower shown has white and pink pistil with white and pink petals
five side red coated, flower.
this flower has soft, floppy, large petals that are mostly white but have dark pink edges around one long pink pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
this flower has pink and white petals as well as a pink stamen.
pink and white petals and a white and pink stamen and pollen tube.
this flower has pink and white petals that has a long style
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
a flower with long and wide petals that are whtie with red edging.

the flower is soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming a disc like shape
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
the flowers are pink in color with white edges and a green center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white edges
the flower shown has white and purple petals with white pistil
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a ring of multicolored petals that are purple near the base and white at the slightly jagged edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
this pink, white, and purple flower has toothed petals and white stamen with blue anthers.
this flower has purplish pink petals with white outside edges.

leaves are dark green,petals are yellow and maroon in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with red lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
this flower has bright yellow petals with brown stripes down the center. the middle of the flower is brown and round.
the stamen on this flower is yellow which are surrounded by yellow and red petals
this flower has yellow petals that all have a red stripe going down the middle with short brown stamen in the center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
a flower with many yellow and red petals that surround a yellow ovule.
a beautiful flower with bright yellow and red petals and a light yellow stamen

the petals of the flower are red in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has very bright large red petals and a green stigma.
this flower has large red petals with spots of white all over them.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
a flower with pointed leaves that are red and green.
group of red flowers with leaf like petals tat have white spots and marks on them.
this flower has broad pointed petals with yellowish stamen and arrow shaped leaves.
this particular flower has petals that are pointy and long with red
this flower has red petals with a few white spots and green stamen

the flower shown has purple bell shaped petals which are its main feature
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower has a bell like shape with petals filled with dots and specks of black.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
these bell shaped flowers feature dark purple petal markings.
long thing tube like flowers that resemble cheatah print inside the petals.
this flower is pink an white in color, and has petals that have black spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the flower has lavender bell shaped petals with dark purple spots
this flower has a horn shape with lavender petals with white and darker purple spots on the inside.

this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
the flower has petals that are light blue with green filaments.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has blue petals with a point with green in the middle
this flower has layers of wide, tapered petals in bright blue.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
a broad short flower with light blue layered petals surrounding green wavy stamen.
this flower is characterized by flat, blue petals, and green stigmas emanating from the center.
this flower has different layers of light blue petals with pointed tips and long green stamen.

this is a flower with pale pink petals and a white center.
the petals on this flower are purple with more of a white color in the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
the flower has flowing purple petals and very small pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with white in the middle
this flower is purple with umbrella shaped petals.
this bright purpley-pink flower has one layer of ruffled petals with a white center that has off-white stamen coming out of it.
the flower is one solid petal, with white lines through it with a yellow tint, the petals are a purple color.
this flower is has large, flat purple petals with a ruffled look at the edge, surrounding an off-white center which houses a mostly hidden pistil, leaving only the yellow stigma visible.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a small stamen

this flower has small white petals and no visible stamen in the center
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
a wilting flower with white petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has petals that are white and very wide
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled downward.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a drooping head and wide, soft white petals.
this flower has a downward facing cup shape and has petals of cream veined with green.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

the flower is white in color and has thin green filaments with white anthers.
this very elegant white star shaped flower is satin like with an interesting point on each of the leaves and the pistil, style and stigma are green and white.
the flower has petals that are white with white anthers.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
these thin white petals make a pentagonal shape with white anthers and green fillaments.
this flower is tubular with tiny white stamen in protuding and a single layer of white flowers resembling a five pointed star with long tips.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has five conjoined, veined white petals with pointed tips.
this flower has white petals with very thin points at the end along with white stamen.
this flower has very bright white petal with points and green anthers.

this fluttery light purple flower has a long white stamen and rows of petals.
the petals of the flower are folded inward and are light purple in color.
five ruffled purple petals overlap each other in a swirling pattern, while a star-shaped white stigma rises slightly above tiny yellow anthers.
this interesting-looking flower has swirly, large purple petals.
the flower shown has purple petals which look very think and frail
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stamen
a purple flower with yellow stigma and pistils and green leaves
this flower has large purple petals and a yellow and white pistil and stamen.
this flower has light purple petals that spiral out from the center and yellow stamen with a white pistil.
this purple flower contains pedals that spiral around a focused center where a small white star resides.

this flower has a single white petal with multiple points and a center cream colored stamen.
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with white stammen
this flower is white in color, with petals that are green near the ovary.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are green near the center.
there are white pedals with small creases and a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a small style
this flower has a beautiful white petal surrounding it's white pedicel
this flower has funnel-like shape and a large white petal with very thin points coming off of it.
this flower has funnel-like shape and a large white petal with very thin points coming off of it.

this flower has one row of white petals and densely packed yellow stigma in the center.
there are overlapping white, toothed petals surrounding a prominent bundle of stamen in this flower.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and flat at the ends.
this large white flower has long thin petals with a bright yellow center.
this flower has white thin-like petals with yellowish green stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has rectangular petals and a yellow ovary.

purple and white petals with a large rounded stigma and thin yellow stamen.
these magenta flowers have tear drop shaped petals with a slight rough looking texture to the edge.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker in the muddles.
this flower has large pedals with dark pink in the middle and light pink on the edges along with pale yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, separated and has curly edges and also the petals are arranged around the stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has large tapered pink petals with vertical stripes and ruffled sides.
this flower has pink and red petals with yellow stamen
this flower has reddish-purple petals with a wrinkly outline and white filaments.
the flower has long, dark pink petals with slightly ruffled edges and it has yellow stamens.

this flower has very thin petals that are purple at the base, white in the center, and blue at the tips.
this flower has prominent green stamen and piston surrounded by a fringe of thin purple, and long white/purple petals with rounded edges.
the flower shown has light thick petals and purple, white and burgundy anthers as its main feature.
a flower with large waxy green petals, purple and white stamen, and a bright green stigma.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner below the disc layer of stamens
this flower has wide rounded green petals and quills of thick white and purple.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has white petals and blue/white stamen radiating outwards from the center in a circle.
this flower has long green petals under a ring of lavender white and dark purple needle like petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow with a big style
this flower has lime green petals and a darker green stamen.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a green pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a large central pistil surrounded by large yellow petals with slightly tapered tips.
the flower has milky yellow petals surrounding a spiky, green pistil.
this flower is a light yellow green color, with smooth rounded petals, and a spiky, pineapple shaped green stigma.
the petals of the flower is a vibrant light green color, and the stamen is a light green color.
this flower has light yellow green elongated petals surrounding a darker yellow and green stamen.
a flower with long pedals that are lime green with a large stigma.

the flower has light blue petals and the stamen is a greenish colour
this flower has petals that are dark blue with white stigma.
this flower has dark blue petals with streaks of green on them.
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovule.
this flower has a baby blue color to the petals and has green leaves
this flower has a large bell-shaped blue petal with a smooth texture and a small yellow stamen in the center.
simple wide blue star shaped petals with yellow in the mid center. a yellow pistil comes from the center of the flower.
this flower has blue petals with spotted blue and green sections in the middle.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green shading

dark purple pedals long scans dark and light green leaves
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are facing upward.
this flower has petals that are dark pink with burgundy pedicel.
a brown pedicel holds this small pink flower with smooth pink petals.
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and dark red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a bell shape
the petals are deep pink, almost purple, with a brown pedicel.
this flower has long magenta petals surrounding a darker pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this pink flower has rounded petals, green sepals and a red pedicel.

a pink and white flower with curved petals and a brown pedicel.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the supporting pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the pedicel holds the flower in an upright position with the petals being pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has smooth petals that are light pink with irregular white shading and they are tightly arranged in an upright fashion.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a red and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has very smooth pale upturned pink petals with white edges.
a group of red and white flowers with a dull green stem.

this is a flower with many red petals and yellow anthers.
the flower is red with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around a disc of stamens
the petals of the flower are red in color and have a center that is made of yellow anthers.
an orange flower layered with petals and a brown stigma.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
{}
layers of bright red oval shaped pedals surround golden yellow circle of stamen with predominant anthers around pistil.
this flower has red petals with many layers and yellow stamen
this is a red flower with a dark red pistil and yellow stamens.
the flower has multiple layers of long oval shaped red pedals with a brown and yellow center.

this flower has pink petals and green sepal as its main features
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
the flower has a orangy pink petals that start in the middle and bloom out.
the reddish orange colored rose flower has many concentric layers of petals, small green calyx, a strong and firm pedicel, and its bud is orange colored and protected by calyx.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrapped closely around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red color, and the exterior leaves are a dark green color.
a salmon colored rose outside on a bush with many other buds about to open.
this flower has layers of pale pink petals with smooth and rounded edges.

multiple narrow petals with pointed tips fan out around the center of this flower. the petals fade from deep orchid at the tips to pale, creamy yellow at the center.
the flower shown has purple and white petals, and several white anthers.
pedicel is green inc olor,petals are light purple in color,and are oval in shape
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has pink petals that are yellow on the inside that curve upwards.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed with purple tips.
this flower has slightly pointed petals that are light pink and yellow in color.

light green pedals with dark green middle
the light green petals of this blossom are large and cupped like spoons and they surround a large central ovule of the same color.
this flower is green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with green stigma
petals are green yellow in color,many green stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has wide and very smooth yellow petals and a thick green stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
a flower with long and pointed petals that are light green.
this flower has green petals as well as a green pistil.

the soft purple petals of this rose-like flower surround a dark flower center highlighted by filaments and bright yellow anthem that look a little like popcorn.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has overlapping rounded petals in a shade of vibrant purple.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has a series of interwoven purple rounded petals with a black and yellow interior.
dark blue purple and black flower with round overlapping petals, and light yellow and white stamen and pistil.

flower has circular white petals and oblong violet petals.
this flower is a combination of two shapes of petals consisting of an outer ring of purple pointed petals and an inner ring of white rounded petals with yellow stamen.
the flower is big and it has white petals on top of blue sepals, and bunch of long stamens in the centre
this flower is very beautiful white petals on the inside and purple on the outside, this would make a nice gift.
the flower has alternating petals of purple and white with anthers that are yellow.
the beautiful flower has white petals that are so soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming bowl like shape
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are blue and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a row of elongated lavender petals that are under a cup of white petals.
a star shaped flowers with a white and purple pedals and a golden stigma.

this flower is a six-petaled purple variegated, star-shaped flower with a large fuzzy pistil.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has six white and purple spotted petals and a prominent pink pistil.
this flower has a purple petal with white spots on it, and a large pink stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are purple with white spots.
the petals of this flower are pink and dark purple and the pedicel is green
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with purple spots.
a pistil and purple petals are what distinguishes this flower.

medium-sized white petals surround teethy yellowish green stamen and anthers.
this flower has a long white petal, with a group of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower petals are white in colo with yellow colored stgma and anthers
the staggered white petals surround the large yellow stigma in the center of the flower.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are long and white and the pistil is yellow
this flower has many small white overlapping petals, green stems and leaves with abundant yellow anthers.
this flower has many white petals that are arranged in a ray-like shape around the yellow center.

the petals are white in color withe the inside part being yellow.
a yellow flower with small pointed petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are upright and pale yellow.
the flower has long vertical petals that are yellow colored.
this yellow flower does not have an apparent pedicel, and instead, lays upon green lilly pads.
this light yellow flower has pointed petals and dark yellow stamen.
a small pond flower with pedals that stick up into the air. pretty yellow color
this flower has petals that are yellow and has point tips
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curved upward.

these beautiful looking flowers has white pink and purple petals and shaped like elephant ears
this flower has pink and white petals spread to look like a butterfly
this flower has a few large petals with the top ones being purple and the bottom ones being white.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
there are white, pink and red petals with green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of white
these pink tri colored petals are mounted like an hourglass
variegated white and maroon delicate rounded petals with a downward curl.
a flower with short and wide petals that are white with purple edging.
this flower is white and pink in color, with multi colored petals.

the flower has red petals and yellow anthers in the center.
the flower has two overlapping rows of red petals and a circle of short stamens with bright yellow anther in the middle.
this bright red flower has layered red petals with pointed ends and yellow stamen.
this flower is bright red in color, and has petals that are layered.
the petals of this beautiful flower are the most radiant red. the stamens are yellow, and the sepals are a brick red.
this flower has a bright red color petals about a dozen and yellow stamen with dark green stems.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stamen
this flower has red clustered petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this bold red flower has many round petals with small but bright yellow color stamens.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.

this aquatic flower has curved pink petals and grows on the water.
a flower with pink and white petals curled up on each other.
the petals are a pinking hue with splashes of white as well.
the flower has bright pink petals that are curling upwards with variants of white.
the flower shown has purple and white petals as well as green sepal
flower with pink and white petals that are long and curved towards the center of the flower.
this flower has different rows of long pink and white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
a red and white flower with a curled up center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.

this flower has purple and pink petals with with stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower is pink starting as a tube near the sepal and suddenly flaring out as a separate petals on the top portion and stamen are sticking out of it
this flower has petals that are white with shades of red
this flower has petals that are pink with a dark pink stripe and white filaments.
this flower has both dark and light pink on its petals along with irregular spots of white.
this flower is pink and white in color, with spotted multi colored petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has five wide ruffled pink petals with darker pink accents.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines

this flower has multiple layers of pale orange petals that turn more yellow the higher layer they are.
a peach colored flower has many whorls of pretty petals, and the innermost petals are smaller and yellow colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the flowers has multiple petals and neither stamen nor anthers are visible.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large light orange and yellow petals.
this flower is in peach and yellow color, and has petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this particular flower has petals that are light red and yellow
this flower has many small oblong peach colored petals arranged in multiple layers.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals are color red and they have different sizes.
the flowers have long red petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has large red petals and green stigma in the center of it
this flower has varying sizes of leaf-shaped bright magenta petals with green leaves and a little cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has red leaf-like pointed petals with pronounced veins.
large green oval-shaped sepals can be seen beneath overlapping layers of reddish-pink pointed petals of varying sizes, and the center is a small clustered yellow stigma.
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are bright red.
this flower has a green sepal and red petals all over.
this flower has large red petals at the bottom that get smaller the closure they get to the pistil.

a flower with conical opening, five pink petals and an orange interior on the cone
this flower has a yellow center and is surrounded by dark pink crinkly petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow center
the petals on this flower are pink with a yellow center.
the center of this flower is yellow and it has five pink petals.
this flower has bright pink petals and the stamen are an orange color; the sepals are green.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
large pink flowing petals surround a inward cone shaped orange center.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with long purple petals with a black center.
this flower has shiny green leaves and lots of long slender lavender petals surrounding a dark center.
the multiple pink petals of this flower open wide above dense green foliage and other buds.
a large number of sharp, straight, purple to pink colored petals surround a cluster of yellow stamen on a grey background.
these tiny purple flowers have blue and yellow centers.
these flowers are light purple in color with many petals around a dark purple stigma
this flower has a disk shaped head with many purple petals and a small green sepal.
this flower has an indigo center surrounded by long purple petals with rounded edges.
the bright purple flower plenty of oval shaped petals as well as bright yellow and blue colored stamen.

several long, thin, grasslike pinkish purple petals with long thin white stamen with purple anthers.
this flower has very long pink stamen and long skinny pink petals that give the flower a trumpet like appearance.
a pink flower with long curled petals and a thick green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
these flowers are thin and delicate, with slender light violet petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and curled.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this flower has pointed thin pink petals and a single stamen.
pink and white striped long, narrow pedals emerge from a pedicel with equally lengthy filaments with several large dark pink anthers.

this medium sized flower has rounded pink petals in a spiral.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
the pink flower is blooming and has a button in the center.
a delicate pink rose with large petal and green leaves
the pink petals on this flower are concentrically arranged for numerous layers forming a bud-shaped middle area that conceals the pistil and stamen.
this flower has a spiral of bright pink petals which curl slightly.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the petals of this flower are bright pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has bright pink pedals that are wrapped very tightly around the stamen.
this flower is characterized by its bright pink over lapping petals and its deep green leaves.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this large orange bushy flower has clusters of small orange petals.
the flower shown has orange petals as well as green sepal
the flower is a furry cone of orange and yellow, shiny, on top of a bundle of pale green leaves, with no traditional petals, pistils, or stamens visible.
this flower features green leaves surrounding a lush, red or yellow interior.
this flower has a cone shaped configuration made up of many yellow or orange petals.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are orange and are bunched together
the petals of the flower are orange in color and the leaves are green in color.
this unique flower looks like orange and yellow crystals sitting on the bright green sepals

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and many golden pedicel.
the flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted and ruffled.
the petals are rounded and are white,stamens are many and white in color
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has large white petals that have a very wrinkled texture.
the petals of the flower are very wrinkled, and a dull white color, and the central clusters of the flower are a vibrant orange color.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a ruffled cluster of round yellow stamen and very wrinkled white petals.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovary.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
the flowers have round petals that are pink and purple colored.
sepals are green in color,flowers are light purp[le in color
this flower has petals that are pink with green in the center
flowers have a hollow center with recessed stamen and a single layer of five pale lavender petals.
this flower has five conjoined and ruffled white petals with pale pink tips.
this flower has large light pink flowers and small white stamens.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this light purple trumpet shaped flower has small leaves and a yellowish center.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
these flowers have five yellowish-orange petals that have one spur and a unique petal arrangement.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the flower shown has yellow petals with wrinkles and a yellow center.
the flower shown has yellow petals with yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has five small and rounded yellow petals which are very ruffled in texture.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are a soft tone, and pale yellow in color.
this flower has round petals with an uneven texture that are bright yellow and arranged in a ring.

this flower is orange, and the petals are rounded, with a slight point at the tip.
the bright yellow petals of this flower circle in layers around the stigma and anthers, completely concealing the pistil and forming a yellow ball atop a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the center.
this flower has small round yellow petals that are curled up around the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has small, bright yellow petals that form a sphere.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has many shell shaped yellow petals that close up around the pistal.
this flower has small, smooth, rounded petals that are yellow in color.

this flower has petals that are purple with white steman
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
this blossom has six large narrow petals which are purple with darker purple in their centers and many white stamen in the center.
the six petals of this flower are light lavender with a darker purple center.
these flowers has dark purple and light purple on there stems .
this flower has six petals which are blue, purple and white.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
flower with broad purple petals and a bright white pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has purple stripes
large purple colored arrow shaped petals with a large pistil with tricolored stamen.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are purple on the edges.
the petals are a bright purple on the edge and fade to white about halfway.
this flower has petals that are white with purple edges
the flower shown has blue and white petals, and purple anthers.
the flower has a single pedicel and has many stamen and its very colorful.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has white filaments with dark anthers and white and purple petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and purple along the edges.
the flower has a lot of pedal with purple and white paddle

the flower has petals that are pink with yellow filament.
a flower with large crimped pink petals and central cluster of black and yellow stamen.
the flower is pink with petals that are smooth and arranged in a single layer of disc and has clustered stamen at their centre
a wide open faced pink pedals with a yellow stigma.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
the bright pink petals flow away from the vivid yellow anther.
this flower has a yellow center and wide, long pink petals.
this flower has large pink petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pinkish purple petals with rippled edges and yellow and black stamen.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have a darker red center.
this flower has petals that are red with a white stamen
a flower with red petals that over lap on top of each other.
a small orange flower with dropping petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has red petals that has small and yellow stamen
many small, almond-shaped, bright red petals surround yellow anthers and a red and white pistil.
this flower has red petals with a yellow stamen on a brown stem.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has droopy, vibrant petals with short, red stamen in the center.

the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
a flower with twisted white and yellow petals and no visible stigma
this flower has a single layer of swirled petals that are white towards the edges and yellow in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
pinwheel shaped petals start with a bright yellow in the center and then change to white towards the outside of the petal.
these flowers have white petals with a yellow middle with a deep orange base.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white and yellow petals shaped like a egg.

this flower has a single white petal with pale orange stamen.
the flower shown has orange pistil with a very flat white petal
the petals of the flower are white in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
this flower has a thick stamen surrounded by a thick, pointed white petal.
these flowers have white petals, green leaves and something pale yellow in the middle.
this white flower is delicate and a beautiful white color with strong green leaves that surround it.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this particular flower has petals that are circular and white

this flower has a pink and white petal with white pistil
this flower features floppy pink petals framing a group of long white stamens.
the flower is made of multiple petals and are light pink in color.
several blossoms come from a single pedicel with five overlapping petals, and long stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
the peachy pink trumpet shaped blossoms form a vertical row down a long stem.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and thin.
the petals of the flower are a light pink color, and various shades of white throughout.
the flower has many light pink petals with similar colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma

this flower has yellow pistil with smooth white petals as its main features
the flowers has a set of white petals that are dozens in number at a set of yellow colored pistil.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
a large snowy white flower with spiky pedals and a large long yellow stigma center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellowstamen
this flower has yellow anther filaments, white petals, and a brown pedicel with green leaves.
this flower has white petals with bright yellow stamen with a tan pedicel extending in the water.
this flower has tall bright yellow filaments and a few layers of white pointed petals.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this small flower has four smooth red petals with a round shape.
the petals on this flower are red with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower has four red petals and a white stigma.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has bright read petals that are rounded in shape and very short white stamens.
this flower has red petals that have small white stamen
four large red oval pedals from a branched pedicel with white stamen.
four large red oval pedals from a branched pedicel with white stamen.

the flower is made of orange petals with a yellow filament and yellow anther.
this bright orange flower has wispy stamen and fades into yellow.
the flower shown has orange petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a smooth edge with orange pedals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are prange and has yellow stamen
this flower has rounded bright orange petals that have a wrinkled texture.
the orange petals surround red stamens and the sepals are green.
this flower has very wide green leaves and five orange petals with dark center with pollen tubes and stigma.
this flower has five wide and slightly overlapping round red petals.

this flower has 5 wrinkled, yellow petals that change to white and then finish with a red star.
the petals are curving outward and irregular at the tip and yellow-orange in color while the stamen is red and the stigma is orange.
this flower is orange white and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange with a red center
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
a flower with wide and long petals that are curled.
the flower has five creamy orange petals that turn dark magenta in the center, it also has a large pistil.
this flower has a long pistil with dull yellow stamen protruding surrounded by a single layer of 5 dull yellow flowers that turn white then maroon in the center.
large, thin, pale orange petals with a red/white center, yellow anthers and a pink pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a flowery stigma

this bright pink flower has yellow pistils and anther filaments.
the flower has pink petals along with yellow anther and filament
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and small.
wide open pink flower with yellow anthers in the center.
this pretty flower has big pink petal with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
the petals of the flower are hot pink in color and have green leaves.
this flower has ruffled layers of rounded and wide pink petals.
the flower has many round pink petals that have wavy edges.

the flower is attached to thin green stalk that is light pink in color with red details.
the flower has small white petals with a green pedicel
this flower contains small white petals surrounding long white delicate stamens.
the pretty flower has white petals and a long stem.
this flower has a small white petal and a lot of red stamen
this flower has small purple sepals and small white petals.
a flower with white petals that are mixed into white stamen.
this flower has small white petals and long white stamens with a thin green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has red tips
this flower has a thick green stem and vertical blossoms of pale, sheer white.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has pink pedals, but some are yellow with pink edges and have maroon stripe marks.
this flower has long pink stamen surrounded by several large pink petals which curl slightly outwards.
this flower has petals that are pink with long stamen
the flower shown has a green pistil with pink petals
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has patches of green
a flower with long and narrow petals that are curled outward and purple.
a flower with pink petals with stripes and green leaves.
this flower has ruffled petals that are pink and yellow.

the flowers petals are spiky and needle shaped,they are purple in color
this flower has long pointed blue petals and a green stigma that looks pointed
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are purple and are stringy
this flower is grayish purple in color with a pistal that resembles a pine cone surrounded by petals that are feather like.
this flower has petals that are purple and spiky at the ends
this flower has long spike-shaped purple petals and a cone-shaped pistil.
this flower has a thick pistil surrounded by thin blue jagged petals.
the flower has spiky blue petals with an equally spiky pistil.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.

this flower has a large brown center and numerous purple petals, which are long, thin, and downward-facing.
this flower is pink and brown in color, with petals that are skinny ovals.
the flower has purple petals which are drooping with red anther and a green pollen tube
these large flowers have long droopy thin purple petals and dark brown centers.
with the purple's flower petal falling off you can see the pedical underneath.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
the petals on this flower are long and pink and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping downward.
the pink petals are long and form a disk around a cluster of orange and brown stamen.
this flower has long purple petals in a ring configuration.

this flower has large white petals and has yellow in the center of it
this flower is characterized by petals that are white and yellow that spiral inward.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow towards the inside
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped and multicolored.
this flower has five very smooth white petals with graduating yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has smooth white overlapping petals with a yellow blush at the centre of the petals.
the petals of this fragrant flower are white with pale yellow in the center.
the petals of the flower are white and yellow in color with green leaves.
there are five simple white and yellow rounded petals that meet in the middle with no visible stamen and pistil.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
stamens are longer with larger brown colored anthers
this is a large flower with pink petals with dark red spots.
this flower has petals that are pink with dark dots
the petals on this flower are orange with brown dots.
this salmon color flower has dark salmon dots on the long pedals with long stamen and long pointed green leaves.
the flower has six pink petals with bark spots, and large purple anthers.
this particular flower has petals that are red and dark dots
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has light pink petals with black dots scattered across them.

the flower is yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around the sepal forming a disc like shape
this flower has yellow petals with a tad of orange and a green pedicel.
the flowers are small have petals that are yellow in color with green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has small yellow petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
these flowers have broad yellow petals that turn more orangish toward the middle.
the yellow petals have small orange stripes and the sepals are wrinkled and green.
a flower with wide and short petals that are yellow.
this flower has heart-shaped orange petals which are small and smooth, with yellow-tinged tips.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals are pure white while the pedicel is light green.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this is a small white flower with a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has white funnel-like blossom with white petals and a light green fuzzy receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
a flower with long and white petals that are curled outward.
this flower has white paper petals with light green veins.

this flower has petals that are purple with white and yellow patch
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals of this flower are lavender with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are purple white and yellow.
the flower has three colors white,yellow and purple.
this purple, white and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has small purple petals that turn yellow towards the center with dark stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple and has black lines
these flowers have light purple petals with yellow coloring towards the center and dark stripes.
this flower has smooth petals that are white and purple with a few dark lines.

this bright orange medium flower has a center with dark red and veins
this flower has wide, ruffled orange petals with rounded edges.
the leaves are boad and green aand the petals are pink in color
these flowers are red and orange in the midst of green lily pad like leaves with several rounded overlapping petals that surround and open area in the middle lined with what appear to be yellow stamens.
this flower has a bright orange petal and a very dark orange circle with yellow stamen in it
this flower has orange petals and has patches of red in the middle
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals in varying shades of orange with irregular edges and arranged in a very tight circular shape.
this flower has orange petals with dark orange or red veins.
this flower has petals as well as a sepal. it is red with yellow hues

this flower has a central small white blossom surrounded by several leaflike purple petals.
the petals on this flower are light purple and surround a brown pistil.
wide purple flower with a small white flower inside.
an almost neon colored set of leaved seem to hide this small white petaled flat flower.
this flower has purple petals and a large stigma with a flower on it
this flower has thick purple petals and a pistil that is dark purple on the exterior, but white on the interior.
white flowerlike stigma with purple petals
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stigma
this flower has large purple sepals with a dark purple receptacle and white petals.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that pale pink with pink stamen.
a small flower with pink petals and a long green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this pink flower has curled petals and pink, white and purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
these flowers have long pinkish-purple petals that curl backwards.
this flower has a green pedicel with lavender petals around a lavender pistil and lavender stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

on a green pedicel are some horizontally oriented pink petals which have pointy ends and inside that are some white petals and some yellow stamen.
the petals are pink and the inside of the petals are white.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are overlapping, wiht pink petals on the bottom layer and white on top, and many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink and white petals with yellow stamen in the center on a green pedicel.
this flower has pointed pink petals surrounding paler, rounded inner petals.
this unique looking flower has pink petals and many yellow anthers.
this flower has pink petals and a lighter pink layer on the inside

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spikey.
this is a spiky oval flower with a purple stigma emerging out of the top.
a flwer with a thorn sepal and pedicel and large cluster of purple stamen.
the flower has petals that are green and spiky with pink filaments.
the flower shown has purple stamen which sits atop green thorny petals
this flower has green petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are spike like.
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are purple.
this flower has a thick spiked green bulb topped with a pink fringe.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has a green bulb and yellow fringe like stamen surrounded by large purple petals.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are magenta shading to white edges around stamen of yellow and white.
this purple and white flower has yellow and white stamen and rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and lighter around the edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this is a white flower with yellow on the petals near the ovary.
the petals of this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
thick waxy petals that overlap each other, yellow in the center with white borders.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
the oval petals are a gradient of bright yellow and white and the sepals are green.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has several layers of lavender to darker purple petals with a center stamen of yellow.
this flower has petals that are purple with white steman
the flower has many violet petals and a long green pedicel.
this flower has bright orange stamen and oblong purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the purple consists of broad, smooth petals curling upwards and slightly inwards with yellow pistils and stamen, and narrow green leaves.
this flower has big purple petals with orange filament and anther.

this flower has petals that are overlapping and light pink.
this pale pink flower has pale pink petals to match that hide and contain the stigma.
a flower with concentric white and pink petals wrapping in on each other.
a flower with light pink petals and no anther filaments or pistils visible.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has lighter pink petals that get darker and wrap tighter closure to the pistil.
this flower has pink layered petals on a green vine.
a light pink flower that is half way open and it has 3 other blossoms on the same stem ready to open.
a flower with many tightly knit pink petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together

the petals on this flower are orange and have buds around it.
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of orange
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
this flower has large, condensed, orange rounded petals.
this flower has reddish yellow petals with oval shaped balls in the middle
this flower has short white stamen surrounded by four smooth and rounded orange petals.
this yellow orange and red flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.,
the flower has small round petals that are yellow and orange colored.

the flower shown has purple and white petals and a greed pedicel
the flower has pink spotted petals with a green pedicel.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink spots
this interesting flower has purple polka dot petals which hang downward.
this flower has burgundy and tan petals hanging from a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
the petals of the flower are purple speckled in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has a curved green stem with an upside down blossom consisting of dark pink pointed petals with white markings.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple with spots.

this flower features long yellow stamen surrounded by broad reddish orange petals.
the flower has petals that are red in color with yellow anthers in the center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
the flower has petals that are burgundy with yellow anther and burgundy filaments.
this flower has purple petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stamen
this flower has large deep red petals that overlap each other and many yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has smooth white petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are going upward and are white while the pistol is orange
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are curved upward and oval shaped.
this flower has large bright white petals, orange stamens, and a white pedicel.
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft, and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming bowl like shape
this flower has all white petals with orange stamen.
white petals with orange anther filament in the middle.
the petals on this flower are white and the pistil is golden orange
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has a yellow color ovule with petals that are vanilla color.
this flower has a bright yellow center surrounded by upturned layers of pale yellow petals with pointed tips.
two beautiful flowers with yellow petals surrounded by dark green leaves
this flower has a thick clump of yellow stamen at its center surrounded by layers of pointed white petals in a cup-like formation.
this pale yellow flower that grows out of the water has layers of long thin leaves and dark yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curved upward.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and vonnected.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen.
this flower has red petals and green pedicel as its main features
the red flower has petals that are starting from green sepal as a tube and gradually flaring out as separate petals
sepals are green in color,flower is red in color and capsule in shape
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower has red petals, a light green ovule and bright green short leaves.
these flowers are a bight pinkish red and are trumpet shaped.
this flower has a light colored receptacle and a very large petal that is bright pink in color.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a pink petal and a light green stamen
this flower has several overlapping layers of thick, smooth petals in shades of pink.
broad, dark pink colored petals that fade to a pinkish-white throughout the petal itself.
flower has petals that are large overlapping and dark pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has oblong petals that are varying shades of pink and white in color.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
there are several slightly mottled pink oval petals in a cup formation with no visible stamen or pistil.

this flower has a lot of thin yellow petals and have brown anthers in the center
the flower has small yellow petals surrounding the dark stamen in the center
this flower has a very wide brown center surrounded by several layers of long yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are curled slightly back.
a bright yellow big sunflower has green sepals, two whorls of yellow petals and dark brown center.
this flower has a double row of long yellow pedal with brown stamen and stigma.
this flower has bright long yellow petals and a brownish filaments.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by long yellow petals.
this flower has a ring of bright yellow oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen

this flower has petals that are dark pink with a pink stigma.
the flower has purple colored outer petals and white coloerd inner petals
this tiny bloom features rounded white petals, pointed purple leaves, and tiny purple berries.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are small and wrinkled.
this flower has purple stamen and large, triangular purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma
this flower has triangle-shaped pink sepals and very small oblong white petals.
a large purple flower with white stigma center and a green stem.
this flower has spade-shaped purple leaves surrounding tiny inner white flowers.
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are purple.

the pedicel has a bunch of flowers on it with the stamen not being tall.
this flower has long white petals with ruffled edges and a purple mouth.
a flower with purple and light purple petals and no visible anther filaments or pistils.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow center
the petals on this flower are purple with white centers.
this flower has ruffle-edged petals in hues of varying purple and lilac.
this flower has pink and purple petals that form a bell shape
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped and ruffled along the edges.
a flower with one curved petal that is white on the outside and purple on the inside.
this flower has white and light purple outer petals with a darker purple coloring on the inner petals.

this flower has pale pink petals with dark pink edges and a yellow style with white stamen clusters.
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has a large pink petal with a lot of yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has thick pink and white petals with white and yellow stamen.
the flower is made of layered petals with white anthers in the center.
the petals of the flower formulate a distinctive pattern, and the stamens are a light yellow color
this flower has big pink petals and a yellow pistil, with a skinny green pedicel.
this flower has wide yellow pistil in the center of layers of light pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma

the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens
petals are white in color,a prominent pistil with yellow stamens
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow with flowery stigma
this white flower has a yellow stamen with yellow anthers and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery yellow stigma
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and drooping down.
this flower has soft yellow petals that form an umbrella shape attached to a green sepal.
this flower has a light yellow sepal and a tall thick pistil and large white petals.

this flower's long, oval-shaped petals are dark pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upwards
this flower has bright purple petals in a simple tear drop configuration.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and curled.
a small pink flower with curved petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are a bright pink color, and some petals have a white outline.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this small flowers has only a few deep pink petals on it and a green pedicel.

the flower is dark pink in color with with petals that are rounded in shape
this flower has petals that are pink and has short steman
this flower has large purple petals and no visible outer stigma
this small flower has five rounded flat petals in shades of pink.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are curled backward.
these flowers have purple and pink petals arranged in a mushroom shape around the pollen tube.
this flower has five very rounded pink petals with fuchsia centers.
this flower has petals that are colored varying shades of pink and they're arranged in a slightly overlapping fashion.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
the flower has round soft petals that are purple and pink.

leaves are gren,flower is beige in color and is capsule shaped
a small flower with yellow and orange petals that surround a long orange pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are yellow, with a white and red center and large yellow stigma.
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and also the edges are curly and separately arranged and forming disc like shape i the upper region
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are pink near the ovary.
this is a yellow flower, with a long yellow pollen tube.
this trumpet shaped flower has three toned petals, red in the center, white in the middle and yellow at the base; the style is long with the stamens coming off of it.
this flower is yellow, white and pink in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a flowery stigma
the petals are cream in color and changes to a white ,the stamen is a pale yellow changing to a pink color ,the petals are large curvy.

the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around stamens
the flower has four petals which are yellow in color.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
the yellow petals of this flower have small stripes of orange and yellow stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals, a green ovary, and a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with rounded and wavy petals.
the fower has round yellow petals with red marking on them and yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are dark pink with white edges and dark pink stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has pink filament with pink petals as its main features
this multi-color light and dark pink flower has several flowers attached to one stem. with tall stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and ruffled.
the petals of this flower are bright pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long pink petals and long pink stamens.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are star shaped.
this flower is white with rounded petals and a light green and purple center.
this flower has petals that are white with a long stigma
this flower has a large white petal circling the pistol and comes to a point at its five corners.
the flower is white and the petals are soft, smooth and fused together and has stamen sticking out from the centre
the beautiful white flower has fused petals that are soft, smooth and the stamen with white filament and brown anthers are sticking out from the center
this white flower has pointed petals, green sepals and white stamens with pink anthers.
this flower has large white petals with long white stamens.
the flower has a white petals with many stamen around the green pollen tube with stigma at the top of flower
this flower has petals that are white and has a satellite shape

this flower has pastel orange and yellow petals that are somewhat cup-shaped.
this flower has peach colored petals surrounding it's yellow anther
this flower is peach and yellow in color with a lot of petals close together.
the flesh colored petals of this flower are curved and cluster around a small, almost hidden pistil.
a light orange flower with a lot of pretty petals
this flower has several layers of peach colored petals that are a light yellow towards the center of the flower.
this flower has peach petals as well as a green sepal.
the petals are light orange and arranged in layers and the sepals are green with jagged edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has many layers
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
what is unique about this flower is the rigid leafy petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this star shaped white flower has conjoined petals with ruffled edges.
the white flower has petals that are starting as narrow tube and suddenly flaring out like a star shape
the flower has a single, five lobed, white petal with white anthers.
a flower with white petals and green leaves.
this flower has white petals, green veins and white stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are long and white

the petals are thin at the edges and are yellow and orange in color.
this flower's stamens are placed outside of its red and yellow petals.
the flower is wild and has orange petals on it.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
this flower has orange and yellow petals, a green stamen and green and yellow ovule.
this flower has many petals with orange red in the middle and yellow on the edges.
so pretty and bright makes you think of a fourth of july firework.
this red and yellow flower has pointed petals and a dark green pistil.

the flower shown has small rose colored petals which are its dominant feature
leaves are dark green in color,flowers atre red in color
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
a flower with broad red petals, red epals, and green pedicel.
this flower has bright pink petals that are smooth and rounded.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
a large group of medium sized red colored pedals with a green stem.
this flower has small red petals which are rounded and very smooth.

this beauty has small yellow tube like petals all around this flower.
these fluttery orange and yellow flowers have rows of small petals.
the flower has many yellow and orange petals with a dark interior
this flower is bright yellow in color, and has petals that are closely together.
the bright yellow petals are plentiful, densely packed and cylinder shaped.
this flower has a rounded mound of small ruffled orange petals.
this flower has a dense amount of tiny orange and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and are ruffled together
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have edges that are curled.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.

this flower a rounded yellow petals with a long pointy yellow and brown stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy at the edges.
the yellow flower is bowl shaped with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has a few bright yellow petals with bright yellow filaments.
the dark red pistil of this flower is surrounded by yellow stamen and bright yellow petals.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a number of short yellow stamens at its center.
this flower is yellow in color, with thin and wavy petals.
this flower has ruffled yellow feather that have orange stamen
this is a bright yellow flower with round petals and long yellow anthers.

this flower has petals that are yellow with a large stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the outer petals are oval shpaed and green in colore, stigma is longer
this flower has yellow petals and a large yellow stigma in the middle
this flower has a yellow pollen tube surrounded by a trumpet shaped yellow blossom, which is ringed with pointed yellow petals.
this flower has a light yellow petal and pistil that looks like a corn.
the flower has petals that are bright yellow in color and stems that are green in color.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
this flower is yellow in color, with thin and wrinkled petals.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a yellow pistil.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
the flower shown has smooth purple petals surrounding yellow anther
this flower features a prominent ovary surrounded by a ring of yellow stamens, framed by five broad yellow petals.
the flower is made of pink petals with a green center surrounded by yellow anthers.
this flower has large light pink petals, multiple small yellow stamen, and a large green pistil
round tipped lavender petals with yellow stamen and green pollen tube tip.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has two rows of lavender petals with yellow stamen and a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of thin and soft petals in a very pale purple.

the petals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
the flowers have orange and yellow petals that are clustered together.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are orange with redpatches
this is a strange flower with orange and red petals.
this flower is orange and red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.
this orange and red flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
the petals of this flower are red and orange and the pedicel is green
this flower has small, rounded orange petals which are smooth and accented with red.
this flower has petals that are oranhe and has yellwo edges

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
the flower shown has yellow petals with orange lines on each petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark yellow lines
these flowers have small yellow petals attached to green leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has light yellow petals with an orange stripe on each one.
this flower has small light yellow petals with darker yellow near the base.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines

this is a light purple flower with large petals and small stems.
this flower is light purple in color, with petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has nice purple petals and a green pedicel
this is a flower with pink outward facing petals on it.
this lavender flower has large petals that protrude from the center in a bell shape.
a light purple flower with three large oval petals on a thin green stalk with five pointed leaves
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin and wavy.
the petals of the flower are very wide, and have a rugged texture on the end.
{}
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled at the edges

the flower is made of white petals with thin stringy petals that are purple, white, and dark purple in color.
this colorful flower has white petals, purple and white filaments, a yellow, black and purple center, and yellow and lavender pollen tubes.
the flower has whoite colored oputer petals with purple needle shaped petals
the flower has large white petals with small blue and white petals.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped
a large flower with a clear base and a very colorful stigma.
this flower is green, white, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower has white, blue, and purple petals that are stringy, and a green pedicel
the prominent pistil of this flower is complex, with concentrated circles of purple, white, green and black, and broad whitish petals extending from the bottom.

this flower features large floppy yellow petals with red speckles and a narrow yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange dots
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has bright yellow petals with orange spots and a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
a golden flower with red dots and a deep center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.
a flower with yellow and orange spotted petals and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower has bright yellow petals with orange spots on them.

the flower has small yellow petals that are dense and thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a large number of yellow petals and a prominent collection of orange stamen and pistils in the center.
the flower has several layers of long skinny yellow petals.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and a dark yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of extremely skinny yellow petals in a ray formation.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
these flowers have yellow string yellow petals with orange stamen in the center of them.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow lines
this is a large flower with yellow and pink petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower shown has several multicolored petals with spots on each petal.
this flower has large ruffle edged petals in shades of pale pink with yellow accents.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has a pale yellow interior fading to a cream exterior with maroon spots toward the outside of large petals.
this flower has large white petals that have purple specks scattered towards the tips.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with a dark purple edging.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red edges

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has thin pointed purple petals with a center of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the golden color filament is above the lavender colors petals which droop downward.
this flower has a textured brown center surrounded by down turned pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has a single layer of light purple petals that are long and pointed.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has lavender petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
there are some sparse long thin deep pink petals in a star configuration surrounding a cluster of deep yellow stamen covered ovule.

this pink flower has veiny and pointed petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are large, overlapping and pointed with yellow stamen.
this flower has a few layers of pink leaves and occurs in clusters.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals of the flower are red in color and the leaves are green.
this is a pink flower with defined lines on the petals and many yellow stamens.
a group of red, pink, and white flower with golden center.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stigma
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
the flower has many oval shaped pink petals that come to a point.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this white flower has toothed leaflets and a flower head that contains stamens and pistils.
the flower shown has several layers of white petals and a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a wide yellow center and long thin white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a bright yellow disc center with layers of ray-like white oblong petals.

this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with purple patches
the flower shown has smooth white petals with some purple at the bottom
this flower has long white and purple petals that are closed.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has thin white petals and a bit of purple at the center
the petals on this flower are mostly clean white in color.
this flower has long and thin white petals with a deep pink ovary.

this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
this flower has a tiny white center blossom surrounded by triangular hot pink petals which are leaflike and veined.
this flower has only a few dark pink pointed petals with miniature flowers in the middle with stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
outer petakls are larger and pink in color,inner petals are white and small er
this flower has pink petals with white and flowery stamen
a deep purple flower with a white center that is small.
these flowers are hot pink with tiny yellow stamen in the middle of them.
a pink flower with pink pollen tube and stamen and the leaves are green
this flower has large, bright purple petals and bright purple stamens.

this flower has five flat rounded petals which are a lilac purple with white centers.
the petals on this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
the petals on this flower are purple with a white center.
this flower has rounded purple petals with white at their base.
the petals of this flower are dark pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white in the center and purple toward the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pedicel.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the petals are pure white with little tints of pink, while towards in the inside of the petals there are brown dots.
the petals on this flower are purple with white and brown spots.
the flower shown has white petals and brown spots on the inside of each petal.
this flower has a number of different bell shaped petals that are white with spots.
the petal of the flower are a spotted pattern, which consists of pink and brown.
the petals of this flower are white and light purple and have brown and white spots on them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.

this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has one large petal, whit a large tube in the center.
large pink leaf showing white veins with a pink pisil that has white spots all over it.
this flower has a large pink pistil surrounded by a wide pink petal with pointed tip.
this flower has petals that are pink with long stigma
a flower with a large petal that wraps around the pollen tube.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green
this pink flower has one large petal and a long, thick pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has only one large shiny petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style

this flower has prominent green and purple stamen, yellow anthers, and pollen tube surrounded by two layers of thin purple and wide white petals.
this flower has long and pointy purple petals, purple stamen, and a large green stigma in the middle
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has larger purple petals on the outside of smaller spiky purple petals and green and yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner below the disc of stamen
this lavender flower has a few layers of petals in a circular formation and an intricate pistil that is both green and yellow.
this flower is white, pink, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a layer of light purple petals surrounded by a layer of purple spikey petals and a large white stigma with yellow anther.
this flower has pink petals with long purple stamen and a green style

this flower has many yellow petals and very dark stamen.
this flower is black and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny ovals.
this flower has long thin yellow petals with black anthers in the inside
this flower has a domed brown center surrounded by long yellow petals with pointed edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower has a brown pistil surrounded by many long, thin yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petlas that have bushy and black stamen
this flower has long thin slightly rounded bright yellow petals with a nickle sized black stamen.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with very skinny oval shaped petals.
this flower has many long and skinny yellow petals with a black center.

this flower has petals that are overlapping and white with many yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the flower has white petals with a yellow stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower has many white pointed petals surrounding golden stamen.
this flower has many white petals as well as yellow stamen.
the pointed petals are white colored and the stamens are bright yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has long and pointy pink petals that are pointed downwards, and a lot of red anthers on top
the flower has purple petals with red stamen on top
this is a purple flower with long petals forming a pinwheel around a spiny sharp reproductive center.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed at the end.
the flower has petals that are pink with red stamen.
this flower has a rounded brown center and down-turned pink petals.
this flower has long purple ribbed petals in a ring configuration.
this flower has thin pink petals and a small cone-shaped pistil.
this pink flower has long thin petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens in bowl shaped manner and also in many layers
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
the sepals are opening up allowing the flower to bloom.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has long, white petals with purple centers and a bright yellow stamen.
these floating flowers consist of a double layer of white petals which are oriented upwards, with numerous shorter yellow stamens.
the flower has pure white petals with a bright yellow stamen and green petals on the outer edge.
the flower has white tapered petals and thick green sepals with yellow anthers.

this flower has hot pink petals with yellow and white stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and ruffled.
this flower has bright pink petals and a yellow pistil.
the p[etals are alternatly aranged and p[ink in color with yeelow lage anthers
this flower has a long round pink petal, and a long yellow stamen
this flower has pink pedals that curve down, and it has yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has thin yellow stamen and layers of very soft pink petals.
this flower has petals, stamen, and pedicel.
many yellow stamen are located in the center of brightly colored purple petals of this flower.

this flower has petals that are blue with purple lines
this flower has large white petals and a white stamen in the middle of it
what are the different colors that are present on this blooming flower?
the funnel shaped blue flower has fused petal that is soft, smooth and enclosing stamens
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are all connected.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white, purple, and pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has light blue petals that have pink lines on them
a flower with one petal that surrounds the inside of the flower and curls outwards.
this flower has a funnel shaped blossom with white petals that have a faint pink stripe.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
five sided white, flower.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the flower shown has green pedicel and sepal with white petals
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower has white petals that are curling at the ends with no visible pistils
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
these are cup-shaped flowers that are white with green receptacles and petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this white petal flower has no visible stamen but a very clear and prominent sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines

what is so unique and special about this flower is its rich ruby red colored petals.
skinny with multi petals, and dark brown pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
petals are red in color and are oval in shape
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
this flower has layers of red petals and dark red stamen
this flower has long thin red petals that burst out from the center.
the long skinny petals are on the furthermost outside edge and shorter petals inside next to the center of the flower.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with shades of yellow and layers
an orange and yellow flower with green sepal and a green pedicel.
this flower has orange and red petals that fold inward on themselves.
the petals of the flower are layered in shape and are pink and orange in color.
the burnt orange flower has many different layers of petals.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
a dull pink flower with green leaves attached to the flower.
this particular flower has petals that are short and pointed with light brown and yellow

the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and are light pink and yellow in color.
this flower has long and pointed light red petals with a center full of yellow anthers
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has very light pink colored petals with the inner part, yellow in color.
the flower has peach and yellow petals with yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has a yellow center and small layers of peach colored petals.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has several rows of smooth almond shaped petals colored in pink then yellow towards the center.
this flower has oblong petals that are yellow, peach and pink colored.

this flower has several large overlapping petals in yellow with slight orange accents.
this flower has large yellow petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dots of orange
this is a strange flower with white and orange spotted petals.
this flower has clusters of pale yellow blossoms with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has spots of red
a bright yellow flower, with many pedals, and splashes of red in the center of them.
this yellow flower has ruffled petals with speckled red dots.
this flower has light green sepals which hold yellow petals with orange spots on them.

a pink flower with pink floppy petals surrounding it's stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the flower shown has purple pedicel with bright pink petals
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has pink rolled up smooth layers of petals.
a flower with big droopy petals that are red and fade to white towards the edges
this reddish pink flower has rounded petals with green and white sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards together
this flower is made up of a few floppy red petals surrounding a darker stamen.

the petals are yellow and orange and layered and centered around a clump of stamen.
this flower has orange and yellow petals and brown stamen.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
the flower shown has small peach and yellow petals with red pistil in the center
these flowers have overlapping yellow and orange petals attached to green leaves.
this flower has many layers of oblong petals that are small and yellow and pink in color.
this flower has a dense set of light orange petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
yellow and peach petals form a round spherical poof and yellow stamen poke out of the center of this flower.

the flower shown has thorny petals with purple pistil on top
the petals of the flower are made from long purple filaments and are on top of a thorny base.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has a cactus like appearance on the bottom with a large amount of very thin purple petals on top.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen
this flower has thin, tiny purple petals that extend directly up from a bulbous green, spcky stem.
this flower has a porcupine look with brown spikes and purple stamen on the top of it.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
a prickly spherical pod with a purple poof stamen like petals on top.
this flower has a thick spiked green base topped with purple fringe.

an orange flower with large ruffled petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow in the middle
the yellow flower has petals that are soft and has petals that are separately arranged around stamens overlapping each other
this orange flower with red veins has large heart shaped petals.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has large full bright orange petals on a green pedicel
this flower has bright orange petals that are rounded with a wrinkled texture.
this flower has wide and very rounded petals in bright orange.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has large orange petals with a slight red tinge leading to the center.

these yellow flowers are round in shape and have many petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together and wavy.
the flower has many little yellow petals with a green pedicel
this round flower has very bright yellow petals and green receptacle.
this flower has multiple yellow petals bunched together in a roundish clump.
this yellow flower has many dense yellow pedals that are small and rounded.
this flower has a ball-like appearance made up of a large number of small petals.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny yellow ruffled petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has bright white petals with a bright orange pistil
this is a flower with white petals and yellow anthers.
the petals and delicate and white and tissue-like in appearance and the stigma and stamen are bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals that look like paper and a bunch of yellow stamen in the middle.
the flower has bright yellow stamen and wavy white petals.
this flower has fan shaped white petals surrounding the bright yellow stamen.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of sepal
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stigma or stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has very waxy and smooth pink petals growing backwards from the center.
a group of beautiful flowers with purple petals and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upwards
this flower has very bright pink petals that are oblong in shape and positioned upward.
this flower has dark pink petals that curl into themselves, and a light brown stem.

this flower has petals that are white with pink shading
a pink and white flower with think stamen and pointed petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the beautiful flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens that are yellow
the petals of this flower are white and pink with a long stigma
large yellow stamen are located in the center of the pink and yellow petals which are pointy in shape
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of petals, gradating in color from a soft pink on the outside to a silky white in the middle, to a soft yellow at the core.
this flower has a center of bright yellow stamen surrounded by rows of white and pink petals.

the alternating leaves are green in color and the smaller flower petals are yellow in color with yelloe sta,men and lage anthers
the sunny yellow petals frame the stamen of this stunning floral beauty.
the flowers has very bright yellow colored petals and a long and thick stamen in the middle.
this flower has five yellow petals with a yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that form a star.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has a single row of bright yellow petals and a matching prominent bright yellow pistil.
this flower has a tall yellow pistil with rounded bright yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
five bright yellow petals with a long and prominent pistil which has multiple stamen branching off toward the tip of the stigma.

the bright yellow flower sits upon the top of a deep green fern base.
the flower has a yellow petal sitting on top green sepal and a green pedicel
the petals of the flower are light yellow and the sepal of the flower is green.
the yellow petals are feathery and soft while the solid green stem is so rigid and smooth.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped together.
this bright yellow flower has rounded petals, a green pedicel and sepals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled closely around the center.
this flower has yellow petals and the pedicel is bright green
there are yellow and slightly wrinkled pedals with a bright green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are scrunched together

this flower has vertical purple stamen surrounding small shiny yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very tiny
this flower has yellow and pink petals that are layered and growing upward.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has small light yellow petals and purple sepals and pedicel.
this flower has thick dark red stems holding thin yellow petals.
the petals are yellow and dainty and the sepals are long and green.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped and layered vertically.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped and layered vertically.

the flower has bright orange petals with a yellow inner ring
this is a semi-double orange-peach flower that has a yellow ring around a circular center.
the petals of this flower are orange and have a short stigma
these flowers have multiple layers of peach colored petals with brown centers and peach colored stamen filaments.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and only yellow around the center.
this flower has many brown and orange stamen, with many narrow orange and yellow petals.
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has orange petals that had red and black stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange with a yellow center.

there are several stamen , followed by purple and yellow petals, that are round, on the flower.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy.
the leaves are needle shaped and smaler in size with large petals with lower side colored yellow and upper side red in color
this flower has purple and green petals a two tone
the red petaled flower has a soft yellow edge with sepals in the shape of stamen.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
this flower has very long yellow stamen with green and red petals.
this flower has dry frail burgundy and yellow petals with brown and green pistils.
this purple and yellow flower has pointed petals and brown stamen.
this flower is made up of elongated rippled petals that are yellow with red stripes.

this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has orange petals with purple specks and a prominent stamen.
this flower has long coral colored stamen surrounded by coral petals with red spots which curl slightly downwards.
this flower has petals that are red with black dots
the flower has many long peach colored pollen tubes.
this orange and dark purple spotted flower has curled petals and pale orange and burgundy stamen.
the petals are long and curved and orange with purple spots on them.
this is an orange flower brown spots on the petals with long, thin stamens.
this flower has long prominent filaments with dark anthers rising out of bright orange petals with purple spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

the petals of the flower are pink and yellow and layered in shape.
flower has petals that are pink white yellow and overlapping.
they pink highlights of the petal on this multicolored gem of a flower distinguishes it from the pack.
this flower has petals that are in rows, and they are white in the center and pink on the edges.
this flower is pink, and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has layers of wide yellow petals with pink edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are pink along the curled edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is a vibrant pink with highlights of orange near the center, and has layers of rounded petals that overlap from the center to the outer edges.
this flower has layers of smooth tightly wrapped rings of petals that are yellow and pink in color.

six long pink petals with yellow and orange spots with long yellow stamen on a long filament.
this flower has six pink and yellow petals with long thin and yellow pollen tubes sticking out of the style.
the flower with smooth petals that have circular red spots all over it and has lengthy stamen
this flower has six pink petals with polka dot markings around three tall yellow stamen.
this flower has long, rounded petals that are yellow and pink with darker pink spots.
this flower has petals that are red and as yellow stamen
this flower has a few purple and yellow colored petals and just 3 visible anther in the center.
this flower has small pink and white petals with yellow stamens.
this flower has six delicate petals which are yellow with pink accents.
there are six oblong petals which are mottled colored primarily pink, but also darker pink and yellow shades, and has three yellow anthers surrounding a prominent pistil.

the petal is white and the inside of the flower is yellow.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has large white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a rounded white star shape with bright yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are only yellow near the ovary.
a group of white flat flowers with a yellow center.
the flower has white stamen and round petals that are white with alittle yellow.

the petals on this flower are very smooth and white
there are large white petals which form a cylindrical gathering in which the light yellow to brown stamen sit.
this flower has petals that are white with long stamen
the flower is white with petals that are fused near the sepal region and has stamen sticking out in the central region
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled over on the edges.
this flower has white petals with curved edges and brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower is very beautiful and soft looking, just by looking at it i can almost feel how soft the texture is and the color is a very pretty white with pink.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stigma
this flower has a large white petal that curves downwards and exposes the thin green stamen coming out of the ovule.

the flower shown has yellow anther with smooth white petals
this flower has bright white petals and long stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen and green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming saucer like shape
this flower has thin yellow stamen around a short green pistil surrounded by a wheel-like configuration of white oblong petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
green and yellow stamens stand out against flat white petals.

this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this purple petal butterfly shaped flower extends from a yellow pedicel.
the flowers stems are a darker green and lead to overlapping bright purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin and rounded.
the petals of this flower are lavender with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded upward
this flower has upturned pale purple petals with delicate veins.
this flower has lavender petals that are broad shaped lifting from a thin green stem.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a very thin stem and light purple petals that point upward and overlap each other.

a dark purple petal flower with a yellow center and black stripes.
this flower has overlapping purple petals with a white and yellow pistil which goes inwards.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow and white
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has deep purple petals and one petal that has a yellow spot and brown lines.
this is a purple flower with five petals that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large purple petals and a bright yellow center.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.,
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading

this flower has black stamen and a few large red petals circling the center.
petals are red in color,large prominent yekllow pistil
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are rounded and ruffled.
bright red ruffled flower pedals centered with eye catching spikey black stamen with white centers.
this flower has petals that are red and in a bell shape
the flower has red petals with a brown stigma, and black stamen.
a flower with red petals and is brown around the stamen.
this flower is red and black in color, with rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
the petals on this flower are mostly pure red in color and the inner stamen is the color white with black.

the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are green on the tips.
this flower has green stems with white feathery petals and multiples of white stamen at the center.
this is a flower that has long white petals and white anthers.
this flower has petals that are green with flowery stigmas
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are green on the tips.
a large white bloom with green tipped white petals and a large airy cluster of white florets.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has numerous white petals with green pointy tips.
this flower has white petals with pink and flowery stamen

seaplas are green in color,flower is blue in color with a propminent pistil
this flower has blue petals along with a green and purple pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are blue with green patched
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are spottednear the ovary.
the flower shown has bright blue petals, and a white pollen tube.
royal to cobalt blue petals in a flaring trumpet enclose a pale yellow pistil.
a flower with blue petals and green leaves.
this flower has very blue petals with yellow and green stamen in the middle that look sort of furry.
this flower has blue petals with green lines and a bell shape
this flower has bright blue petals in a trumpet-like shape and prominent yellow pistils.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pink flower has petals that look like perched butterflies
this is a flower with pink upward pointing petals on it.
a bright pink flower with tiny a brown and red pedicel.
these flowers have dark pink petals that are sparsely place on the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
these bright fuchsia flowers have pedals that do not grow in the conventional concentric circles.
these bright fushia flowers have oval petals protruding back from the center of the flower.
this flower has straight pink stems holding the upturned bright pink petals with a smooth texture.
this flower has rounded, purple petals and light purple pedicels.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
petals are rounded in shape,they are light pink in color
this flower has petals that are pale pink with yellow stamen.
the flower has very light pink petals with gold colored anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are so soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming a bowl like shape
this flower has pink petals and a yellow ovule .

this flower has petals that are purple with white patches
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
small purple flowers with purple petals and purple stamen.
the flower is pink and has fused petals forming a bell like shape and has spots in the inner portion
a violet bell shaped flower with red spots on the inside of the petals.
this flower has a round trumpet shape and a wide mouth in shades of pink.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this series of pink flowers faces downward and is in the shape of a bell.
this flower has many purple, bell-shaped blooms and the interior of each is spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center.
this is a pretty flower with white petals and yellow petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has wide and rounded white petals with bright yellow centers.
the flowers has oval shaped white pedals with a bright yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and the pedicel is green

this is a purple flower with white on the petals and anther filaments.
the flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has an overlapping wheel arrangement of light purple petals with slightly irregular edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the purple petals have light veins and the stamens are yellow.
this five petaled purple flower has short yellow stamen in it's center.
this flower has large petals with long white stamens.

a thin and long pink pedaled flower with a green stem.
this flower has backward curling narrow pink petals and long pink filaments with narrow maroon anther.
light purple and white petals green middle
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
the pistil is very busy with pink petals at the bottom and many stamens
this pink flower has curled petals and pink white and purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has very thin pink petals, a green stem, and a white pistil.

this flower is simple, with purple petals separated by steaks of white and pink, surrounding a white center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the centers.
the flower shown has a very large purple petal with white stamen
this rounded purple flower is bell shaped with conjoined petals which have small white centers.
this flower has circular purple petals as its main feature.
this is a purple flower with purple pedals that turn white next to a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red dashes
a circle purple flower with a deep white stigma and red markings.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are light in the center.
this flower has a large light purple and white petal with a white pistil.

this flower has many yellow stamen surrounded by five round pale pink petals and give pointed petals in a much darker pink.
the petals are pink in color while the stamen are yellow.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has long yellow stamen and white petals with red spots on them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the dramatic and large flower features an outer row of petals that are light maroon and pointed while the inner row of petals is light pink on the outer edges and purple in the middle while the stamen is bright yellow.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

the flower has petals that are yellow or orange and red.
the bright color reminds me of sunny summer, and has a warm look to it.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that have small veins.
yellow petals with a hint of orange clumped together with white anthers.
the petals of this flower are yellow with many white stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white staen
an orange flower with a berry like structure in it's center.
this yellow and red flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has four petals that are rounded, smooth, and yellow.
a large group of yellow and orange flowers and a gray stigma.

the tropical flower has orange blooms that grow horizontally from the branch of the flower.
this bird-like flower has orange with white petals and a blue and orange pistil.
the flower has pointed petals that are the color yellow, blue, and pink.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flowers are yet to bloom and appear purple before reaching maturity.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are dark yellow.
this flower has orange petals that seem to curl up around the edges to make tubes.
this flower has thin orange petals and are pointed upwards
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower consists of several long, vertically dispersed petals as well as some surrounding green leaves.

this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has a sparkly exterior composed of white and pink colors.
the pretty little flower is white in color and has small thin petals.
the flower has white petals with lots of white stamen
the petals of the flower are white white a pink center and anthers that are white and pink.
there are pointed white petals with a ball of purplish-white stamen that have purple filaments.
this flower has pointed white petals surrounding thin pale pink blooms.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
this flower has many white pointed petals with white and purple anthers.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.

the red-orange petals hide the lighter ovule.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
a group of flowers with bright orange petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has 5 wrinkled, red petals that surround a yellow center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are orange and the pedicel is green
this flower has small orange petals and green stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this particular flower has petals that are small and round white with a yellow center
a flower with orange petals that surround a large yellow pistil.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are curved downward.
this flower has pinkish petals, pinkish-green sepal and greenish pedicel as well as light pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with pink dots
petals are oval in shape are brown in color and are folded
this flower has dark pink petals that are pointed downwards and no visible outer stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
a flower with red petals and a brownish green stem.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
the flower has a large drooping purple petal with pink spots and a green pedicel.
this flower has a drooping head and wide, thick purple petals.

this flower has bright pink petals as its main feature
this is a flower that has many layers of pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has pink petals that wrap around each other.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this pink flower has petals that overlap as they head in toward the center.
this flower has broad pink flowers formed in a curved shape, with bright green leaves and also has a stem with thorns on it.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is long and green

these white and yellow flowers have petals that look as if they are spiraling around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white tips
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a smooth white and yellow petal in the shape of eggs
this flower has five petals that are white at the tips and edges, but pale yellow in the center
this flower has several large petals that are white around the edges and yellow as they get closer to the pistil.
the cream colored petals of this flower form a star shape around the yellow stamen.
orange center that fades into yellow and finally fades into white petals
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the petals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with yellow patches and folded together
the flower shown has yellow and red petals that turn upwards.
the flower shown has green sepal and yellow and orange petals
sepals are green in color,petals are orange and yellow in color
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow
a flower that is long and wide petal that is yellow with red spots.
this flower is yellow red and orange in color, and is attached to a pedicel.
this flower has a green pedicel, green sepals, and a bright red and yellow petals.
this multicolored flower has yellow and pink petals folded onto each other with a large green sepal.

leaves are green in color,outer petals are white green in color
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this purple flower has regular petals and noodle-shaped petals accompanied by one big pistil.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are green with purple stamen
this flower has thick green petals surrounding a layer of thin hairlike purple petals.
this petal has purple and light green colors throughout its long, string-like petals.
a flower with long and narrow pedals that are white.
an odd looking pinwheel shaped flower with wavy stringy pedals and a large center.
this flower has white petals that has longy stringy and purple stamen

this flower has skinny stamen and large light pink petals.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have vains.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded in a bell shape
this flower has pink petals and a green pedicel covered with green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and have veins.
this flower has bright pink petals that have rounded edges and overlap each other.
this flower has large, dark pink petals and green leaves.

broad, bright red petals pulled together into an almost star shape, with a yellow pistil area.
the flower has red petals as well as green sepal and pedicel
these medium flowers have thin red petals and white centers.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
a flower with red petals and no anther filaments visible.
these flowers have red petals embedded on layers of green leaves.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has round and red petals that have yellow in the middle
the pedals of the flower shown are the color red.

the flower has a smooth pink petal with white anther and filament
this flower has five large, slightly ruffled pink petals with darker pink striations.
this flower has white petals that turn pink as they reach the edge.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink with veins.
you can see a glimpse of the stamen on all 4 flowers.
a small pink flowers with alternating green leaves and the stamen are white and the green pedicel
the petals are a brilliant dark pink with a white center and green sepals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a white pistil.
these flowers have about five light purple petals with darker purple veins, a white center, and a couple short, white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center

this flower has a rounded brown center surrounded by long pink petals which angle downwards.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower has pink petals that droop downwards, and an orange center.
petals are oval in shape ,they are poink in color
a flower with purple petals and yellowish red pistils in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has orange stamen
this flower has droopy thin pink petals and many orange and red tipped stamen.
this flower has a brown spiky center and long, tapered pink petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink creased petals and orange clumped anthers.

the flower has petals that are pink on the edges and the rest white.
the pedicel has many flowers on it and are pink in color.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow with pink edges
this flower has the simple row of white petals shaded with pink color at the sided with the black anthers at the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
the white petals with pink edges surround the light green pistil and the dark brown anthers.
this flower has large white petals with yellow centers and ruffled pink edges.
this flower has cream colored petals with salmon colored tips, brown anthers and a white filament.
these flowers have ripply looking petals that are white towards the center and pink on the edges.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the geographical shapes of the bright purple petals set off the orange stamen and filament and the cross shaped stigma is beautiful.
the purple petals have shades of white with white anther and filament
this flower has large pink petals and a white stigma in the center
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow stamen
a flower with short and wide petals that is light purple.
this flower has small pink petals with a yellow center.
this flower has large rounded pink petals with curved edges and purple veins.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower has the purple petals with the reddish stamen at the middle
this flower has petals that are purple with pink style
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a tiny white blossom in it's center surrounded by triangular end pointed pink petals which have a leaflike, prominently veined appearance.
the petals are yellow and the stamen can be seen in the flower.
this flower has very large bright purple sepals and extremely small white petals.
the flower has two stamen with long filaments and three purple, leaf-shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
a dark purple pedaled flower with a white long stigma.
this flower has only a few bright purple petals and a long protruding pistil.

this pretty flower has yellow and orange petals with a white center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wrinkled slightly.
the flower has large sized ptlas that are red and yellow in color
a wide yellow petal with a white pistil and no stem.
the orange petals are tinged with red and compose two opposite petals in several layers around a purple pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this particular flower has petals that are small and yellow and red
this flower has many round shaped yellow petals and white anthers.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are yellow and orange and nearly round in shape.
the petals are bright orange and red and the small stamens are white.

the flower has yellow petals with yellow filaments and red anthers.
this light yellow flower has scarlet markings toward the center of the flower and yellow filaments.
the petals are yellow with dark red in the middle with multiple feather-like yellow filiments.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has yellow petals with red markings and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower has five rounded petals which are yellow with red accents.
this flower has yellow petals with bright red "paint splash" like colors towards the center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that have ridges.
this is a round shaped flower. the petals are two colors, yellow with red in the middle.

a broad star shaped flower with light green petals and thing blue and yellow stamen surrounding a twirly stigma.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has green pistil and purple and white petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with long purple stamen
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are ovalshaped.
this particular flower has petals that are white and blue
this white, blue, and purple flowers has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has large white petals and a large green pistil.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy stamen

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has a lot of yellow colored petals with some patches of red color.
the flower has white petals with red and yellow markings and a green pedicel
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
yellow petals with wrinkled edges and a bright orange to red spot inside the petals.
this flower is white and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
the flower has white stamen and white, yellow and, red petals.
this flower is made up of light yellow petals with bright orange spots on the inside.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is a very dark red
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches

this flower has green sepal and purple petals as its main features
a flower with purple wavy petals with a yellow center surrounding a green stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow center
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
the flower has petals that are dark pink with white center.
bright pink tube like flower has pale yellow centre part
this flower has petals that are pink and is yellow in the center
this flower has wide pink petals with rounded and ruffled edges.
a favorite among many people, the bright fuscia colored petals pop against its green sepal.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and uneven along the edges.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple spots
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has spotted purple tubed petals with a white base.
the flower has pink petals with white and purple patches and green pedicel
the unique bell-shaped pink petals of this flower hang down and display mottled dark pink spots on the insides.
the plant has many flowers that are clustered together with pink petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
this flower has multiple bell shaped petals that are purple in color and they have dark spots outlined in white.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this drooping flower has a singular tubular petal that is lavender with spots on the interior that are maroon with white around them.

this flower has purple petals and green sepal as its main features
this purple, white and yellow flower has rounded petals of the varying color with black streaks surrounding the orange anthers.
this flower is purple, white, and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has a single purple petal in the back with a layer of three white petals on top that are yellow at their base.
this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
there is one yellow rounded petal with black streaks on the bottom of two white round petals with black streaks and two violet round petals with no visible stamen.
three petals on a flower that is white and yellow and purple.
this flower has petals that are white and purple and has dark lines
this flower has petals that are blue, pale blue, and yellow, with black stripes.
this flower contains yellow and white petals with brown streaks and two purple petals behind the white and yellow petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower pink petals which are long and disheveled and thick brown stamen.
flower with many spaced out long pink petals on a green stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and very skinny
this is a flower with a brown pistil and many long and stringy pink petals.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are curled and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
this flower has two towers of pink staggered pedals along a skinny tan stem.
this flower has long, narrow & lavender colored petals complete with a very widened brown center.
the petals of this flower are reddish pink and the pedicel is off yellow

a really weird looking flower with green curly blooms pointed red tips that point straight up.
the flower has outer petals that are green yellow in color and inner petals that are red in color
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are curvy and pointed.
the petals on this flower are yellow and purple with yellow anther
this flower has petals that are green with red stamen
this yellow and red flower has spiraling pedals and green and orange stamen.
this flower has long and very thin red petals with ruffled yellow edges.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are orange with a purple pisitl.
this flower has pointy yellow petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of purple
the tropical flower has orange blooms and has petals that are pointed in shape.
this flower is orange ad blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has thick, very pointed petals in bright hues of yellow and indigo.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
a bird shaped flower with purple and orange pointy flowers stemming from it's ovule.
this flower has tall and pointed upright orange petals with a white receptacle.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are dark around the edges.
the flower has petals that are in a trumpit shape and that are pink.
this delicate looking flower has large, rounded petals with a trumpet like shape.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow center
this flower has five large petals which are pink with brighter pink edging.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the pedicel on this flower is thick but the pink flower petals are paper thin and open in the sun and close in the night.
this pink flower has five rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, with horn shaped petals.
this flower has bright pink petals that come in to form a sort of bell.

white petals are very prominent for this flower and can barely see the stem.
the petals of the flower are white while the anthers are bright yellow.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are connected together.
this is white flower with yellow in the ovary and a green steam.
large ruffled cone shaped one petaled flower with light yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are that are ruffled.
this flower has five connected white petals that surround a yellow pistil.
this flower has a large funnel shaped petal that has uneven edges and is colored white.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the ruffled, white petals encircle a tiny cluster of yellow stigma.

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several layers of red petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has dense red petals that are long and thin.
the mixture of bright yellow and a soft red make this flower absolutely stunning.
the flower has red petals with yellow filament and anther
a flower with multiple layers of red petals surround a yellow stamen.
long slender red outer leaves with spiky yellow filaments on the inside
the petals of this flower are red and the pistil is small and yellow
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright red colored.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this cluster of pink flowers has soft petals and a white center.
the flower is pale orange, grows vertically down a stem and has yellow stamen.
the leaves are needle shpaed with alternating flowers of light yellow colored petals with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends,
thus us a flower with pink and white petals and whitish/pink stamen.
this light peach colored flowers feature large rounded petals and pale yellow stamen.
climbing cluster of flowers having four large light pink pedals and cluster lengthy whitish pink stamens.
this flower has wide and slightly overlapping pink petals with paler white accents.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
a light pink flower with yellow anther and filament and the leaves are thin and long

the bloom of the flower is white with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and make a circle
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
the petals on this flower are white with a yellow center.
the petals of blossom are white with no space between them the center bowl of the flower is yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a funnel shaped white petal with a bright yellow ovary and small stamen.
a flower with a connected petal that is white with a yellow center.
this flower has five soft conjoined white petals with yellow centers.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow only near the center.

this flower has yellow petals with no visible outer stamen on it
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are drooping.
this flower has small yellow petals and red pistil as its main features
a single brown pedicel sprouts out and has many yellow and red petals coming off of it from the side and extends upward.
this flower has small yellow petals and occurs in clusters with other flowers.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower look like a wheat blossom with yellow and maroon tiny petals.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has thick red stems which surround thin and soft yellow petals.

this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pink in the center.
the petals on this flower are orange with an orange pistil.
the flower's petals are yellow with a pink/red center, and it has a prominent pistil.
one larger pistil with amny yellowstamen,petals are beige in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with red center
this flower has large yellow petals that are dark pink at the center, and also has a long prominent pistil.
this flower has yellow petal and has a big orange style
a cream colored funnel shaped flower with a long stigma.
the yellowish white flower has petals that are soft and separately arranged around the pistil which is sticking out from the centre
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

a green and dark purple pedaled flower with a green stem.
this flower has a single layer of upturned petals that are red on the edges and light green toward the center with extended stamen.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are green with red stamen
the flower has petals that are yellow with red ends.
the flower has green and burgundy petals and long green stamens.
a flower with green and red petals.
this flower is green, yellow, and red in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
the petals of this flower are yellow and burgundy and the pedicel is green

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange with many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this is a flower with five large orange petals on it.
the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the flower has five light orange petals with a yellow pistil in the center.
this flower has thick orange petals and a light yellow pistil.
this orange and red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen.
there are 5 petals that have a peach color and are large and round.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this yellow color flower, called a ranunculus, has rounded petals that will soon open into a tight bloom, complemented by the fern-like leaves on the stem.
the flower has petals that are yellow with green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are yellow and the stem is dark green.
the petals are rounded in shape and are yellow folded in color
this flower has wide, thick yellow petals with rounded edges.
a soft yellow flower with petals that turn upward toward the center of the bloom.
the flower has many close together soft round yellow petals.
a flower with short and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow nad are bunched together

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this is a flower with six white petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has small white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
the flower has six large white petals growing around a small green center with yellow filaments.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has thin yellow stamen, a short green pistil, and white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are white and yellow
the petals on this flower are white, the pistil is yellow, and the pedicel is green

this flower has large purple petals with yellow centers and two visible white anthers
the flower has unique petals that are a mix of purple and yellow with visible veins
this flower has petals that are purple with short black stamen
these flowers have five petals ranging from dark purple to light blue, with yellow and black stripes in the centers.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the slightly crinkled petals are purple and white with dark brown stripes and the sepals are dark green.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has dark lines
this flower has white, purple, and yellow petals with black stripes
this flower is blue, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has has purple and white petals that get yellow closer to the pistil.

the flower is yellow with its petals arranged around the stamen that are clustered like a disck
the flower shown has yellow petals to go with darker anther and filament
this bright yellow large flower has thin yellow petals and a dark center.
the crinkled yellow petals, narrow on the ends but wide in the middle, are dwarfed by the pad of brown-and-green pistils that they surround.
this magnificent flower is has a large center with pointed yellow petals.
this flower has a very wide center and thin tapered yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
large flower with numerous small yellow petals with a large pistil and surround by large leaves.
this flower has yellow petals and green leaves attached to the same color green stem.
this flower has yellow petals separated from each other coming from a large brown and yellow stamen.

the flower has petals that are pale purple with white filaments and purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
this flower is blue in color, with petals that have black spots.
this flower has a blue petal with white pistil in the center
rounded violet petals surrounding a violet, white and light green pistil.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant blue color, and have a light white strip in the center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wilted.
this flower has bright blue petals with subtle white stripes down the center.
this flower has seven long purple petals that yellow and white pistils.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow stamen

this flower has yellow pistil and purple petals as its main features
white petals white and purple inner pedals green purple and white middle green leaves
the flower is unique because the middle has filaments in squiggles
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with stringy purple stamen
this flower has long light green petals and purple filaments with a prominent star-shaped pistil.
this flower has rounded pale petals beneath a fringe of purple and white.
this flower is green, white, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has rounded white petals and wavy purple filaments.

the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has many pointed bright pink petal that point outwards.
this flower has petals that are white and very ruffled at the edges
flower consisting of many white blooms with white pistils, while the sepals are green on the bottom and tips with a purple line surrounded by white leading to the tip of the sepal on top.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has pointy tips
this flower has white pedals with a slight purple hue. the leaves at the base of the plant are green and white with purple veins running through the middle.
this flower has white petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has white petals as well as a pistil.

the petals of this flower are white with long stigmas
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has a set of white colored petals with its stigma in yellow color.
it has a star shaped blossom with six long, slender white petals with a number of yellow filaments protruding in the center.
the flower shown has a white petal with yellow anther and filament
a flower with white petals and bright yellow stamen and very visible anthers.
this flower has white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
the flower has six white petals with white filaments, and yellow anthers.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and six very smooth, large white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has petals that are white with a pink stripe on the underside.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by upturned white petals.
this flower has long white petals with pink bottoms on them
a flower with long and large white petals with pink overtunes
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are large and oval shaped.
this flower has a light pink ovary with upright oblong white petals.
this flower has white petals with a slight red coloring towards the base and yellow stamen.
this flower has long thick white petals with pale pink centers.
a white flower with pink highlights with it's petals pointing upwards.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is has yellow pedals and off white stamen.
pale yellow petals revealing a white pistil and green sepals.
this is a small yellow flower withgreen leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a cluster of small flowers with pale yellow petals and faint yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this flower has yellow petals layered over the other with tan stamen in the center.
this flower has small rounded, smooth petals in a pale yellow shade.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has light yellow round shaped petals. it is open and it's stamen are also yellow.

this flower has petals that are purple with small yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five purple petals terminating in a gentle angle around a recessed pistil with stamen protruding.
this bright purple flower grows in bunches and does not have a prominent stamen.
leavesa re green in color,petals are oval in shape and are pikn in color
this flower has bright pink petals and only a few small stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with wavy and oval shaped petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
these tiny flowers are light purple with five thin petals.
this flower has bubblegum pink petals with yellow anthers in the middle.

this flower has orange petals that have a lot of little yellow stamen in the middle of them.
this flower has dark orange petals that open up o show the multitude of yellow stamen.
the flower has an orange petal. the flower has a yellow ovule and ovary.
this bright orange flower has petals with folds and they flip under and it also has dark yellow anthers, most of which, have yellow filaments, though some filaments are white.
the orange flower has ten petals and many yellow stamen.
this burnt orange flower has ripped pedals with a bright yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has a wide yellow center and thin orange petals.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has a ring of small orange petals that have a ribbed texture.

the flower has five petals that are golden with red anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the flower has a brightly colored yellow set of petals.
the flower has petals that are soft, separated and arranged in a disc like manner around the sepal
the five petaled flowers is yellow in color with rounde petals having more stamen with large anthers
this flower has a green pollen tube with red anther and large yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stigma
the flower has round soft petals that are yellow and white.
this flower has a prominent stamen in a white ovary surrounded by five bright yellow petals with a rounded shape and wrinkled texture.

this flower has pink and white petals, and several yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are layered and pointed at the tips.
this is a strange flower with many pink flowers and yellow stigma.
these flowers are blue or pink and have several alternating rows of pointed petals.
this flower has small pink petals with a strange shaped pistil.
this flower has multiple layers of pink or blue petals and tall green stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pointy ends
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pistil.

the flower shown has several red petals, and yellow anthers.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the flower shown has a bright red colored petal with green pedicel
the flower has large red petals that are round and overlapping.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with wavy and curled petals.
this flower has rounded bright orange petals in an overlapping ring formation with small yellow stamen.
this red flower has multiple trumpet shaped petals and yellow stamen poking out the center.
this flower has jagged red petals with a yellow stamen
an orange pedaled flower that has some yellow in center.

the flower is made of a large bloom that is white in color.
the flower has a large round white petal and a white stamen
this beautiful white flower with fanned petals with highly visible and long stigma and anther is quite seductive.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are connected to each other.
a white flower with white anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has petals that are white and has a small stigma
the petals of the flower emulate the shape of a fan, and the tips of the petals are pointed.
this flower has a rounded star shape of conjoined white petals which are soft and smooth.
there are white pedals that spiral slightly from the base of white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.

the flower shown has smooth purple petals with yellow pistil
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin and large.
this flower features broad delicate purple petals surrounding small yellow stamens.
this is a small flower with a pink pistil and upward pointing pink petals.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with yellow stigma.
this flower has small, pale upturned purple petals with smooth edges.
this flower has purple petals that are very thin in terms of thickness and fan shaped.
this flower has light purple petals that are widely shaped and arranged in a slightly cupped position.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
large, light purple petals with small yellow anthers in the center.

this flower has yellow petals with red tips that fold inwards towards the ovule.
a yellow partially opened bud atop yellow petals with orange color on tips of outer petals.
the petals of this golden yellow flower gradually darken to vivid orange at the edges.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are curled at the edges.
a yellow rose with yellow petals that are red at their edges.
this flower has a large number of smooth petals that are yellow with red edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has thick yellow and orange petals leading to a yellow center.

this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower shown has blue petals with green sepal and pedicel
this flower has petals that are blue with stringy green stamen
petals are oval in shpae ,they are blue in color
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
this flower has blue petals with long green stamen on them
this flower has layered blue petals, divided spiky sepals, a round pedicel, with long thin protruding stamens.
this blue flower has pointed petals and purple and green stamen.
this flower is blue and green in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has multiple rows of blue petals with pointed tips and thick, upright pistils.

several white filaments with yellow gold anthers in the middle of many white smooth petals.
this flower has petals that are white with white filaments and golden anthers.
the petals are white, toothed around the edges, and are triangle shaped.
this flower has a white colored petal and a long white stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin.
this flower has white filament and yellow anther with a smooth white petal.
this flower has layers of long white petals with tapered and smoothly ruffled edges.
this flower has a thick green pedicel underneath layers of smooth white petals with pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.

the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow towards the center
the petals on this flower are very smooth and white and yellow in color
the flowes are white in color with some yellow patches on the petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five overlapping white petals with smooth edges and yellow centers.
this flower has five mostly white petals with yellow centers and no discernible stamen or stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of yellow
a group of flowers with white pedals and a center is yellow.
a flower with five petals that have a yellow center.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower shown has thin white petals as its main feature.
the flower has petals that have wavy ends and are white.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the petals of the flower are white in color with veins that are green in color.
this flower has wilted white petals with deep green veins and a bell shape.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this particular flower has petals that are long and white
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

the petals of the flower are white in color and have curled edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this white and orange flower has ruffled petals and a ball of stamen.
the flower is so big and has white petals that are soft, thin, wrinkled and separately arranged around the clustered stamen
this flower has a large pistol with many yellow stamen that make it look like ball.
this white flower has broad wispy petals and one rounded gold center
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center ball surrounded by very ruffled white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
a white flower with floppy petals and a ball of stamen at it's center.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curled downward.
this flower features broad floppy orange petals, completely covering the ovary.
a orange flower on a tall pedicel with long and wide pistil
flower with large yellow/orange pets and no immediately visible stamen.
two flowers with three large orange petals on each.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has orange petals and a very small green pedicel
this flower has large, broad orange petals, a reddish orange ovule, and brown pedicel.

this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
the petals of the flower are pink and purple with green leaves and a hollow center.
these flowers are similar but have two different colors
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that have purple veins.
the blossoms are a horn shape and can come in different colors, with veins protruding from the center out to the edge of the blossoms.
a bright purple flower with sepals in veined fashion
this light purple flower has 5 delicate, non-uniform petals and looks like it has a veiny darker purple star shape coming out of the center with a non-prominent pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink lines
these flowers consist of pink and purple petals with darker stripes of color in between the petals.
the five petals of this flower form a star shape with a darker color in the middle of the petal.

this flower has long and skinny yellow petals and a group of brown anthers on it
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by long yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals on this flower are yellow and they surround the dark brown stamen in the center
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the bright cheery flower has yellow petals, with a large, round, brown, pistill filled with seeds.
this flower has yellow petals with with a brown stamen in the center of it.
the bright yellow petals form a disk shape around a cluster of dark brown stamen.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

pedicel is green inc olor,petals are oval ib shape and are orange in cololr
the flower shown has little orange petals with red pistil
this pretty flower has orange petals with brown in the middle and green stems.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have a center that is brown.
the dark orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner in many layers with bunch of stamen in the centre
this orange circular flower has several layers of petals that widen as they get closer to the sepal, it also has a pistil that is brown with specks of orange.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright orange.
this flower has orange petals that have layers and red stamen
this flower has thin orange petals, almost like strips with a very brown center holding the stamen.

a dark and light pink shaded petaled flower drooping down towarss the ground
this flower has a drooping head with slightly pointed petals of purple and white.
this bell shaped red and white flower is droopy and low.
these flowers have purple petals with white spots and a purple pedicel.
this flower has a large pink petal and a pink pedicel
this drooping bell-shaped flower is spotted dark purple and white.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are drooping down ward.
these pink petals with pointed ends have a scaly like appearance and no sepal underneath.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
medium sized, bell shaped, red with white spotted petals and brown pedicels.

what i like about this flower is candle lit flame shape petals.
pdicels are bown in color,the petals are white in color,and larger in size
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with purple patches
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a purple pedicel along with upright white colored petals that have smooth edges.
a flower with many white petals with a purple center and long brown pedicel.
whit & pink flower blooming fromt he center
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.

this flower has petals that are red with dark dots
a flower with broad spotted pink and black petals, white and pink anter and green sepals
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, separate and also with curly tips
the speckled pink petals have a green stem and dark anthers.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this is a flower has pink petals with burgandy spots and pink stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark spots
this flower has pink petals that have black dots on them and a very small green pedicel
this flower has white petals with red spots over them and pink tips along the petals, dark pink stamen and cream anther filaments.

this flower has well-spaced purple petals and a plethora of yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged in single layer forming a disc around stamens
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower has a long, thin green pedicel and purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and lighter around the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple shaded to almost white on the edges surrounding stamen that are white and yellow.
this flower has a pale green and yellow center and very smooth pink petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals that are smooth and rounded.

this flower has petals that are red with red stamen.
the flower has red petals with a red stigma and dark red stamen.
petal are rounded in shape ,they are red in color
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are red with black dots
this flower has large red petals and small red stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
the flower has soft round petals that are bright red.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has broad red petals with black stamen in the center.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this is a round flower with bright red petals on it.
the flower is red with petals that are starting as tube and gradually flaring out as separate petals forming disc like shape
this flower has a large red petal with green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has red layered petals with white stamen in the center of it.
this flower has large red ruffled petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has a funnel-like shape with very bright red petals that have slightly irregular edges.

this flower has petals that are white with purple patches
the petals of this flower are white and purple with a short stigma
the flower has white petals and also purple and no stamen is seen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled and the edges.
this large flower has smooth white petals and a bright purple mouth.
this flower has different shaped purple and white petals with a little yellow closer to the pistil.
the petals of the flower are purple colored near the tips, and the base of the petals are a vibrant white.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
a flower with five white petals that surround an inner layer of purple and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a patch of purplw

a star shaped flower with yellow and white petals and a long green stigma.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow wit a long stigma
the flower has two layers with the bottom layer being light yellow and the middle being dark yellow.
the flower is yellow with its petals that are fused together and enclosing the stamen in the centre
this flower has six light yellow pointed petals surrounding a brighter yellow trumpet with yellow stamen in the middle.
a flower with outer petals that are long and narrow with a point and pale yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma
the center of the flower is bright yellow in shape with light yellow petals surrounding it.
this flower has pale yellow petals out to the side and one large bright yellow petal that circles a yellow stigma.

the flower petals are yellow in color with large hanging stigma
this flower has several large conjoined petals in shades of orange and yellow, with ruffled edges.
a flower with yellow and orange petals and yellow pistils.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has light yellow petals with orange ovules, and yellow filaments.
this flower has pale yellow petals with ruffled edges and red accents.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange patches
this flower has yellow and red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large yellow petals that turn orange towards the center.
this bright yellow and red flower has pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are small and oddly shaped.
this flower has skinny red petals and a bunch of stamens.
this flower has long red petals, and has small red stamen hanging off of it
this flower has a fringe of very thin red petals which protrude in multiple directions.
this flower has reddish color with spiked tips
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pink stamen.
the flower has thin long bright pink petals and long stamen.
the tiny magenta petals are curled and the stamen are light pink and brown.
a large dark ovule covered in many red string petals out of it's top.

the pedicel has a single flower which is red and white.
this flower has petals that are red with white lines
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has red and white petals, and several with anthers.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has red petals with a white stripe down the middle and long green and white stamen
this flower has multicolored petals that are red with white markings and they curl downward away from the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stripes
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red, with stripes of white throughout the petals.

this bright yellow flower has bright yellow stamen in the middle.
the flower has four yellow and orange petals with small orange stamen
this flower is okay its a basic flower with bold yellow petals.
the flower is made up of four petals that are yellow and orange in color.
the pretty flower has four yellow petals that lay flat when it is open.
this flower has small yellow petals attached to a green pedicel.
the beautiful small yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape with small bunch of stamens in the center
a flower with long and wide petal that are bright yellow.
this flower has four triangular orange petals which fade to yellow at their edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this is a strange flower with pink petals and white stigma.
this bowl shaped pink flower has pink petals with the clumsy stamens at the center
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has a wide textures white center surrounded by pointy tipped pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with pointy edges
this flower has pink petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has a double row of triangle bright pink petals with lighter pink stamens.
a flower with hard, long, and narrow petals with pointed edge.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has pink petals along with a green pedicel.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the disc of stamens
pedicel is green in color,petals are oval in shape and are pink in color
this flower has petals that are pink with black stammen
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen
this flower has a dense amount of thin pink petals and a dark center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a couple of rows of small bright pink petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

the flower has petals that are overlapping, orange and golden
this flower has thick yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has small bright orange and yellow rounded petals with hints of red coloring near the center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have orange details with green leaves.
this flower has broad overlapping yellow petals and a green-yellow colored stamen.
this flower has broad yellow-orange petals, a yellow ovule and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has bright yellow petals that are rounded in shape and arranged in a slightly overlapping ring.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.

outer petals are purple in color,inner petals are white in color
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and white with yellow stamen
large purple petals protrude from the center white petals and there are many long yellow anther.
this flower has yellow pistil with smooth white petals and purple sepal as its main features
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has a bright purple sepal with smaller white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has purple and white petals as well as yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pistil is bright yellow
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has yellow stammen

this flower has pink leaves with green pointed tips and a burgundy and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
there are two flowers whose petals are red with yellow tips.
leaves are gree,petals are pink and yellow in color
this is a small flower with pink petals that are tipped with yellow.
the flower has dozens of pink petals that have yellow tips and red veins running through them.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
a large and small multicolored flower with a green center.

the flower has petals of a white color with a many yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and rounded at the ends.
this large white flower has a bright yellow center and thin flat petals.
long white petals with lengthwise furrows form a neat circle around a close-cropped base of yellow stamen.
many white elongated oval petals with white ridges surround a central circle containing orange anthers.
this flower has many white petals with rounded edges, surrounding a large yellow center.
a large flower with white pedals and a tan coloration center.
this flower has thin and white petals with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is big and golden yellow
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has petals that are pink with patches of white
this flower has a pink petal and a green colored stigma in the middle
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a tiny white blossom surrounded by pointed pink petals with leaflike veins.
the flower shown has pink petals as its main feature.
this flower has white petals that have very vibrant pink tips half way through them
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink and white.
the flower has three pedals that start white then gradually become purple at the tips.

very large stamen surrounded with pretty thin yellow petals.
a big flower with yellow petals and a brown stamen.
a large yellow flower the petals are yellow, the pistil is orangeish brown.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends
a large flower with thin yellow petals and many many yellow stamen covering most of the flower.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower is so big with yellow petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around a bunch of brown stamen in disc like manner
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and skinny.
this flower has a wide green center and layers of thin yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has pink petals with a small amount of yellow in each petal along with a pink and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow style
this flower is trumpet shaped with pink petals and lime green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow at the center.
the petals of the flower are extremely curved, and possess a bright pink color.
a pink flower with pink floppy petals that surrounding a light yellow center.
this flower has petals as well as a pistil. petals are purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and has patches of yellow
this plant has many different flower heads on the same upright stem, each with light pink petals.

the petals on this flower are purple with dark purple veins.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are purple on the edges.
the flower has three dark purple petals facing down and three light purple petals face up.
this beautiful iris flower has purple and white petals with yellow insides
this flower has petals that are white with purple edges
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has large white and purple petals with a light yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower has white petals with purple edges.
this flower has large petals that are white and purple with crinkled edges.

this is and odd shaped trumpet style flower with a purple, lavender and white color.
the flower has purple and white petals and it is slumped over
this flower is pink and white in color with droopy petals, and brown pedicel.
heavy pink and white patterned petals hang from the pedicel on this solitary flowered plant.
the flower is shaped like an umbrella and is purple and white speckled in color.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals with many large white spots on them.
this drooping flower has a brown stem and purple and pink splotched petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled downward.
some large yellow petals surround some smaller yellow petals. the large petals have brown dots.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
the petals on this flower are yellow with a few brown dots.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this flower has large yellow petals and a dark stripe pattern leading to the center.
the yellow petals are curled downwards and slight wrinkled with brown spots.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large yellow petals with a semi circle of small brown dots on the petal.

a flower with small thin yellow petals and central pentacle cluster of yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has large and skinny yellow petals and yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
a large light yellow small pedaled flower and golden center stigma.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals with large yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a ray-like arrangement of extremely thin bright yellow petals.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected.
this flower has umbrella shaped white and gold rippled pedals.
the flower has petals that are white with green pedicel.
this white flower has several fan shaped petals and small yellow stamen visible.
this white flower has one large petal and a few yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower with a wide petal that is white and curl outwards.
these flowers are trumpet shaped and white with a pale green center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are green near the ovary.
white flower with trumpet shaped petal and light green stamen visible.

this flower has rugged red petals with and no styles.
the flower has hard red petals in layers, the petals underneath the button are big.
a flower with waxy red petals and with small brown stamen
this flower has several layers of red petals it also has several sapels surrounding the bottom.
this waxy flower has red curved petals and long green leaves.
petals are waxy and red colored and the sepals are waxy and green colored.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
a red flower with three different sets of different shaped petals.
this flower has many red petals which also have some white on them.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are shiny and oval shaped.

this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this trumpet shaped blue flower has ruffled petals which point upwards.
the pretty blue petals on the flower is not open yet
this flower has petals that are blue and in a bell shape
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
a vase shaped flower with mostly dark blue colored pedals.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green sepal.
the petals of this bell-shaped flower are a brilliant blue with bright green sepals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green patches
this cone shaped flower has violet petals that surround it's enclosed core.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
stamens are many and are yellow in color,peals are light pink in color
a large purple pedaled flower with a sunflower looking center.
the flower shown has several pink petals, and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink flower has rounded petals and orange stamen and anthers.
this is a light pink flower with a yellow receptacle and yellow stamens.
this flower has five broad pink curved petals and a yellow center surrounded by dozens of short gold stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has light purple petals that look like scoops and a thick layer of yellow stamen.

the flower has deep purple petals that are consistent in tone and a yellowish stamen that contrasts with the petals in a dramatic statement.
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
this flower features large purple petals surrounding a clump of white stamens.
this beautiful flower is round in size it's petals has lavender with pinkish lines runnings thru the leaves, and has small white anther filaments in the center.
this deep purple flower has a star-pattern across its girth, with lighter stamen at its core.
a flower with long and rounded petals that are blue.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has purple petals that get lighter and whiter closer to the stamen.
this beautiful flower has pink and dark violet petals and a ivory pistil.

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are very skinny.
there are two flies enjoying the sweet nectar of this lavender wild flower.
this is a sharp and prickly flower with a purple tuft of long petals at the top.
the flower is like pink, soft and has needle light arrangements that are so dense
this purple flower has many petals with a very large pedicel.
hair like purple petals with a large pedicle with spiked leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has a green thorny base with thin pink petals sprouting from the top.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.
the flower has a spiky green ovary, and light purple filaments.

this purple flower has flattened petals with yellow sepals in the center.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are lavender with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with a yellow stigma
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has purple petals that make a satellite shape with yellow stamen
this flower has large light purple petals that spiral out from the center in a fan-like shape.
this flower is purple in color, with very thin and wavy petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are light purple.
this flower has purple petals as well as a orange stamen.

this flower is composed of small red rounded petals tightly clustered together.
the petals are overlapping each other and are orange in color.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched.
this flower has petals that are red and bunch together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
there are many flowers with orange/red petals in bunches on the stem.
this reddish pink flower has rounded petals and white and reddish pink stamen.
this flower has clusters of tiny red blossoms whose petals are smooth and round.

the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has delicate thin and rounded petals in shades of pale purple.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a visible sepal that is green.
this flower has small green star-shaped sepal underneath rounded and wavy purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and covered in water drops.
the petals on this flower are light purple and the pedicel is green

the flower has petals that have yellow tips and red insides with a dark red center.
this flower has numerous skinny petals that are bright yellow at the tips and a light purple in the center and at the base.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
this large flower has a prominent, domed red ringed yellow center and yellow tipped red elongated pointed petals radiate from the center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has pink and yellow petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red with yellow tip.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.
this yellow and pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the flower is blue with petals that are starting as a tube near the sepal and gradually flaring out as a separate petals forming a disc like shape
this light purple flower has ruffled petals that darken in color towards the middle.
this flower has rounded light purple petals that are darker purple as you get closer to the ovule.
this flower has petals that are purple with small stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has light blue petals and dark blue veins near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has long stamen
the petals are a pale purple color and the stamen is not visible; instead, the petals are a deeper color purple in the middle where the go in.
the petals of this flower are light purple and the pedicel is green

the petals of this flower are magenta with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with long stigmas
thus flower has a wide bell shape, with long conjoined pink petals with rounded edges.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
a bell shaped flower with lavender petals with speckles with no visible pistils.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and drooping.
this flower has large pink cone-shaped petals with dark spots leading to the center.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and pink
this flower has a number of pink bell shaped petals.

the flower has bright red petals and a long orange filament with yellow anthers.
the flower is a bright red color and the pollen tube is a yellow color
this red flower has five frilled petals and a yellow-orange pistil and has small green leaves.
this flower has large, fluttery, bright red petals surrounding an orange style with a red stigma.
joined pink petals have a dark red center from which a yellow monadelphous stamen emerges.
this flower has five wide red petals with a thick stamen in the center.
flower with green sepals, 5 red petals with very dark red origins, long style protruding above petals with yellow filaments, yellow anthers and red stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are black near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma
this flower has large red petals and a gigantic yellow stamen coming from the center.

bright red and orange petals surrounding a white pistil.
the flower has petals that are red with orange edges.
this is a large brightly colored flower that forms a cluster at the top of red flowers that have yellow veins.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has bright red and yellow petals with small white stamen.
this flower has large fan like petals that have yellow edges and a large white stigma.
this flower has wide, small red petals with dark veins and orange accents.
these flowers have clustered orange petals on a brown pedicel.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
a flower with short and round petals that is a bright orange.

this is a bright yellow flower that has a star shaped pattern in the outer pedals, with a circular pedal that protects the yellow pollen tube.
this flower is bright and cheery looking, it is yellow and it's petals are star shaped on the outside, with tube shaped petals on the inside.
bright yellow star shaped petals under a bright yellow cup shape petal with a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star
the flower has petals of a yellow color and a yellow pistil.
a yellow flower with yellow filament, anther, stigma
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that arranged in two layers in which the inner layer is fused and forming bell like shape and the outer layer is separated and forming star like shape
the petals and stigma are a very bright, sun yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has yellow petals that form into a bell shape

many large, yellow anther protrude from a faint green throat in the center of these large, pale pink flowers on a singular stem.
this white and pale pink flower has darker pink veins on the petals, and the anthers are yellow.
this flower has small pink petals and white stamen that are long
the flower has blooms that appear in a bunch and are pink in color with a thick green stem.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a green cneter
this flower has fan shaped pink and white striped petals with a longer white stamen.
a red and pink flower with white lines and a long stigma.
the petals on this flower are pink and white and the pedicel is light green
the anther is a gold color and the center of the leaves are yellow-green and surrounded by pink and slightly white petals.

the flower shown has pink and white petals with purple anther and green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up.
the flowe petals are needle shaped and are light pink in color
i see a a pink flower with 5 petals on them very beautiful
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has long and thin pale pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
this flower has six long thin pink petals that curl downward.
this flower has long pink filaments with darker anthers and sparse skinny petals with curly ends.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has four fan shakes petals with smooth edges in gradating shades of yellow to orange.
this is a flower with four orange and yellow petals on it.
this flower has triangular and slightly circular shaped yellow petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
this flower has four wide triangular petals fading from orange to yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
a flower with four short and rounded petals that are yellow.
the petals of the flower are bright yellow in color and have skinny green leaves.
this flower has four small bright yellow petals and yellow filaments.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower features stamen that are prominent in the middle of the bud.
the flower has many stamen and larger purple anthers
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pink.
the stamen on this flower is white and green with small pink petals
this flower has a ring of upturned spiky pink petals surrounding a thick white and green dome center.
this flower has white pistil in the center of pink pointy petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this is a light pink flower with thin petals and a large white pistil.
this flower is pink, green, and white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.

an long, pointy orange petaled flower with yellow anther.
the flower has petals that are thick, smooth, separated and arranged around the stamen that are yellow
this flower has star shaped orange petals as its main feature.
the petals are oval shaped and orange colored with several yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has orange, pointy petals and yellow, clustered stamen.
this flower has orange petals with numerous dark yellow stamen in the center of the flower.
this orange flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has a single layer of orange petals with a ribbed texture.

this pale yellow flower has yellow stamen on the inside of it.
flower with white petals and yellow stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has five large rounded white petals with slightly pointed tips.
soft white petals form a large cup while the yellow stamens give a star effect
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin.
this flower has small yellow stamen surrounded by upturned wide white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a bowl shaped flower with cupped white petals and yellow stamen.
the pistil is of bilateral symmetry the petals are white and large, there is yellow stamen at the base of the petals.
this flower has large white petals that are slightly overlapped and a group of yellow filaments.

the flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen.
this flower has orange petals and yellow anthers and filaments as well as green pedicel and green sepal.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the leaves are green in colo with oval shaped orange petals
the flower has orange petals with yellow stamen and a green pedicel
the petals of this flower are orange and the pistils are long and yellow
this orange flower has pointed petals, yellow stamen and green sepals.
this flower has a ring arrangement of small orange oblong petals.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
a small red flower with curled petals and large green sepal.
the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged overlapping each other in disc like manner
the petals of the flowers are a pink and red color.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has soft red petals which are small and very rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and are buncheed together
this flower has round dark orange cone shape petals.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has small and smooth brightly colored pink petals.

this star-shaped flower has five petals that are mostly white with yellow closer towards the pistil, which remains unseen.
the flower petals are oval shaped and white incolor withwhite spotted parts
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is made of white petals with yellow detailing on the innermost petals.
the flower has petals that are white, smooth and yellow towards the central region
this flower has five petals of bright white shaded to yellow at the center.
this flower has five smooth rounded petals which fade from yellow to white.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white with yellow center.
a five petaled white flower with yellow tint towards it's center.

the flower has petals that are red with red stigma.
this red flower has one continuous petal and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the flower is made of red blooms that curl along the edges and have green leaves.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals are white near the center.
these large red papery flowers are lightly dusted with pollen towards the core, thanks to its barely visible anther.
a bright red flower with no distinct petals and small light yellow stamen.
the flower has a five lobed trumpet shaped petal with yellow stigma.
this flower has red petals that have small green stamen

this is a flower that has dark blue petals and a yellow stigma.
this star-shaped flower has a prominent pistil between a group of blue petals aligned closely with one another.
this flower has petals that are dark blue with a yellow stigma.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are striped on the inside.
a blue flower with a dark blue inside.
this flower has a trumpet shape of indigo and blue coloring.
the blue petals are turned outwards in the shape of a star and slightly ruffled and the stigma is yellow.
this flower has large blue petals with a bright yellow stigma.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are spotted near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a big style

this flower has spiny green petals as its main feature.
a dark purple pedal things on the outside
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed and spikey.
this flower has small spiky pink petals on the end of a greenish white spiky receptacle with darker green leaves below it.
this flower has petals that arepurple and are very stringy
a flower with hard and sharp leaves that are green.
this flower has short grayish green sepals with a very spiky texture and a dome configuration of thin light purple petals.
this flower has pointy and sharp green petals, with a purple flower growing from the top.
a cactus looking flower that is green and purple.

the petals of this flower are purple with a white fringe.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this festive looking flower has beautiful pedals of white and pink.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with white trim
this flower has rounded petals with some texture on the tips, and is magenta in color with white on the ends of the petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white edges
this flower has multicolored petals that are purple near the base and white at the top edge.
this flower has small purple petals which have white, ruffled tips.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi colored.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
the flower has petals that are orange and red stamen.
this flower has a double layer of thin orange petals with a center area of short brown stamen.
this flower has many orange petals with brown ovaries and red anthers.
the petal of the flower are a vibrant orange color, and the stamen is orange as well.
this flower has flat rows of petals colored in orange and yellow with a large circular pistil.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are uneven on the tips.
this flower has many layered orange petals with rounded edges surrounding a circular cluster of red stamen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a red stamen.

this flower has orange petals with purple spots and white pistil.
the flower is big and has soft, smooth, curly and length petals and also stamens are in the centre
this flower has petals that are pink with black dots
the petals of this flower are pink and red with a long stigma
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has long melon-colored shiny petals with dark red dots which curl backwards.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pedicel.
this flower has orange and purple petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has light orange petals spotted with black curling away from long stamen.
this flower reminds me of a speckled bow, with the circular shape and black dots surrounding the red circles with what appears to resemble mushrooms on the end.

this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
long yellow and orange pedals with yellow middle dark green leaves
this flower has petals that are overlapping, pointed and orange with yellow edges.
the flower is so big and yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner around the bunch of stamens
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red in the centers.
this flower has many petals which are orange in the middle and yellow on the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
there are many yellow filaments that are surrounded by overlapping, oval yellow leaves with an orange center.
two layers oblong pointed petals, orange at the centers with edges of yellow, radiate from a center disc of slightly paler golden anthers.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
a flower with large yellow petals and a yellow stamen
the flower has oval shaped petals that are yellow and also orange.
this flower has yellow petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has yellow petals, gold anther and filament, and greenish stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower has four yellow fan shaped petals with orange highlights closure to the pistil.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with orange insides and a thin green stem.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color green and yellow.
this flower has large orange and yellow petals and shallow, deep orange stamens.

the flower is blue with petals that are inverted and separately arranged forming a bowl like shape enclosing stamens
a flower with large purple and white dotted petals with central cluster of white and black anther at the center of the cone
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are covered in water.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower has large purple petals with a dark colored center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has black spots
this flower consist of a bunch of purple pedals climbing down the stock with black stamen.
this flower has black stamen and light blue smooth petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple, and black is the color of the stamen.

the flower has bright purple petals surrounding yellow anther and blue filament
this flower has pink to purple petals that are narrow and slightly overlapped.
these flat purple flowers have bright yellow centers and long petals.
this flower has thin purple petals, dark blue pistil and yellow stamen.
this daisy like flower is a deep fushia in color with a yellow pisil over a purple center.
this flower has thin purple petals and small yellow petals.
these bright purple flowers have several overlapping purple petals, with several bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are long and pink with a yellow center
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
a red flower with rounded and pointed petals surrounding yellow filaments.
a flower of multiple layered red petals and wild small yellow stamen.
the flower has several reddish pink petals with yellow stigmen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this red flower has many layered and pointed petals and yellow stamen.
a large red flower with a golden center and a gray stem.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of red petals with smooth rounded edges.

the petals of the flowers are pink in color with light yellow patches and specks of black details.
the flowers has petals that are dark pink and yellow with red anthers.
these leaf shaped petals are tipped in pink with a yellowish lower body, and maroon streaks, green anthems.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has large ruffled pink petals with yellow centers and brown markings.
this flower has pink petals with some white and yellow patches with dark lines.
this pink yellow and red flower has pointed petals and pink stamen with lime green anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
these flowers have pink and yellow petals with brown specks on them.
this flower has petals with a combination of pink, white, and yellow.

the flower shown has a large prominent pistil and spiny petals as its main feature.
this flower has spiny green petals and a spiny green pistil.
this flower is green and black in color, with petals that are spikey.
this is a ridged leafy green flower of some sort with a pinecone shape middle.
the flower has spiky petals that are needle shaped and are green in color
this green, cone shaped bloom has many spiked green leaves sticking up around it.
the flower has sharp pointed feather shaped petals that are green.
this flower has petals that are green and has a big style
this flower has thin toothed petals arranged in a ring around a very thick hive shaped pistil.
this flower has a thick green bulb producing thin spiked leaves.

five large petals blooming from a vase like base, with red highlighted edges around white centers
a flower with pink petals, pink stigma and pink filaments.
the petals on this flower are pink in color and five in number.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
the flowers are red with light pink insides and green sepals.
this flower has five wide petals of bright pink with ruffled fuchsia edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink around the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
the flower has oval petals that are bright red, pink, and white.
this slightly trumpet shaped, five petal flower has bright red along the edges of the petals, graduating to a lighter shade of pink towards the center.

this flower has a large purple petal with a long white stamen
the flower shown has purple petals with white anther and filament in the center
the flowers has petals that are pale pink with dark pink spots and white anthers.
the flower petals has a purple round shape.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has frilly petals of pink speckled with magenta and long white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has an overlapping wheel of light purple petals with darker purple markings and irregular edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower has petals that are shaped like a trumpit and purple petals with purple spots.
this purple flower has bulb-like petals that are spotted dark purple and white on the inside.
these flowers are trumpet shape and its petals are light purple with black dots on the inner petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark spots
this is a purple flower that is bell-shaped and has dark purple spots on the inside of the petals.
this flower has many purple bell shaped petals with darker spots on their insides.
this flower is purple white and black in color, and has petals that are spotted.
a flower with long petals that curl outwards and are purple.

a yellow and white flower with bell shaped petals and a brown pediciel.
this flower has petals that are yellow with shades of white
this flower has petals that are yellow and white with yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that on the outside are yellow and the inner are white.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has wide yellow petals whose shapes are curved softly.
this flower has petals in varying shapes and shade of yellow and white with slightly jagged edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curly.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are in a bell shape
this flower has smooth, yellow bell shaped petals with rounded edges.

this flower has large red petals with white striping that are green in the center and curling white stamens.
the flower has large red petals streaked white and long upturned anthers and pistil.
the petals of this flower are red and white with long stigma
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large red petals with white stripes on it, and it has long white stamen with yellow anthers
this flower has wide white petals with vertical red striations.
red and white colored petals surround the finger like stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
this flower has red and white petals with long yellow curved stamen in the center of it.
the large pointed petals of this flower are bright red with a white stripe down the center of each, and the stamens have long, thick white filaments ending in prominent yellow anthers.

peta;s are purple in color,they are oval in shape with many stamens
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower has long petals that are pink with brown stamen.
a purple flower with long narrow petals and a red and black stigma.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down ward.
this flower has a round brown center with down-turned tapered purple petals.
this flower has a single layer of long purple petals.
the stamens of the flower are clustered together, and are a dull red color.
this flower has long slender petals of light magenta around a pompom center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

the flowers occur in bunches and are yellow and orange in color.
this flower has lovely yellow petals.
this bright orange flower has a white center made of stamens and red outsides.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has rounded, slightly overlapping petals in shades of orange.
only a few broad orange petals surround a center of small white stamen.
the leaves vary in color, it has orange, yellow and red leaves.
this flower has orange and red petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals in varying shades of yellow and orange with a rounded shape.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen

this flower has petals that are red with stringy stamen
this flower has white pistil and purple petals as its main features
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
the petals of the flower are maroon in color and have filaments that are thin.
this flower has deep pink oblong petals and long and skinny pink filaments.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has bright red petals and hair like red fringe surrounding thick green stamen.
a pistil and purple petals are what distinguishes this flower.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and are orange in color.
this flower features a large ovary covered in orange stamens surrounded by layers of overlapping orange petals.
this is a flower with many orange petals and an orange pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has very bright orange petals with orange pistil located in the center.
this flower is orange in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and are folded together
this flower has orange petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has bright orange petals arranged in multiple rows in a ray-like shape.

the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the petals are red in color and can attract alot of pollinaters.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curly and skinny.
this flower has thin, shriveled red petals and spiky purple stamen
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
this flower has sparse long and spiky bright red petals.
the petals of the flower are long and skinny and are red in color.
bright orange petals with purple pistil sit on top of green sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
a red flower with a rolled up pedals and a large purple center.

this flower has six evenly spaced white petals with purple spots on them, with a complicated pistil in the center, featuring a stigma with the same pattern and dark purple stamens.
this star shaped flower resembles similar color characteristics to a dalmatian, having long and thin shaped petals followed by a small pistil in the center.
the petals of this flower are white with purple spots and a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white purple dots
this flower has six thick and long white petals with dark purple spots.
the white petals has deep purple colored spots throughout them with purple and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has five long petals that are white with many purple spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower has numerous layers of yellow tooth like petals with thin yellow filaments and brown leafy anthers
this flower has many smaller yellow petals with yellow pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin and stringy
long tan filaments sticking out of a cluster of long, narrow yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow with hundreds of petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
the flower has many small yellow petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has bright orange petals with orange stamen and a green pedicel
this flower has orange, round petals and an orange pistil.
this large blossom has five wide red petals with rounded edges.
bright orange pedals with pink linear stripes coming from the center of the flower.
the stamens of the flower are a bold black color, and the wide petals of the flower emulate a peeled orange.
this flower has wide and ruffled orange petals with rounded edges.
this flower has five large dark and light orange petals with orange stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
flower with pale pink and white petals growing upward on a green leafy stem
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and has dense layers in the centre and has loose layers in the outer region
this white and pink flower has curled petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the ovule.
this flower has a green pedicel as well as pink petals.
this flower has many rows of light pink petals that are folded up over each other.
this flower has multiple layers of light pink petals and is closed so you cannot see the center.
wide pink petals peal away from the center as it opens.
this flower has pink and white petals that fold into a swirl

this flower is all orange, both its petals and pistil.
this flower features soft burnt orange petals surrounding orange stamens.
flowers with several large orange petals on a green leafy stem.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has thick orange petals as its main feature.
this flower has wide, very round orange petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
these brightly colored flowers are completely orange, including their stamens and pistils, and have rounded petals.
this flower has five bright orange petals that are slight wrinkled with rounded edges.

this flower has pink pistil and pink petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
this is a large flower with pink petals and long filaments.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and a red and yellow pistil.
this flower has a tall pink pistil with large rounded pink petals that have a ribbed texture.
this is a pink flower with five petals and a pink pistil with yellow stamens.
this flower has round rd petals and has a flowery stigma
the petals are very large and pink and the pistil is incredibly long.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
the flower shown has a flat white petal with a white pistil in the center
a flower with white pistils and a white stigma in the center.
this flower has petals that are white with a white stigma
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
there is a simple pure white trumpet shaped bloom with small white stamen.
this is a white trumpet shaped flower with a pale yellow center.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are white and in a satellite dish shape
this flower has a short and small white pistil and a large white petal with pale blue markings.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by several rounded white petals and pointed purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and white with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
two sets of distinctive petals, some long and lavender and white rounded leading to a plentiful stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has five rounded white petals and five larger, pointed purple petals.
this flower has light purple sepals with white petals and thin stamen with a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multishaped.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple and white, and yellow is the color of the stamen.

the pink flower has bell shaped petal that is soft, smooth and enclosing stamen sticking out from the centre
a flower with a singluar open bell shaped pink petal and orange anther and filaments
sepals are green ,pedicel green,and the flowers are light puirpl ein color
the flower has a cup shaped petal that is lavender colored.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are all connected in the shape of a bulb.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this very light pink flower with bell shaped petal and a light yellow pistil.
there is a round fat bell shaped pink bloom with 5 round pink petals with a yellowish green stamen and pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has star shaped red petals as its main feature.
the petals on this flower are red in color with greenish stamen.
the flower has different sizes of petals, and in the center there are several anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with line imprints
this flower is red in color, with petals that are leaf like
the petals on this flower are very bright red with green anther in the center.
this flower has very bright red leaves whose tips are very pointed.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green center
this flower is red and green in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has dark red petals and balls of red and yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are lavender with many purple stamen.
this flower is star shaped with light purple petals and a strip in the middle that is a darker shade of purple
the flower is violet with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
the flower shown has several blue petals with purple lines.
this flower has wide purple petals and a hairy middle with lots of anthers.
beautiful lavender petals with a pink line through each give this flower a distinct look.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this is a lavender colored flower with the petals having a light lavender shade with the center of the petals have a darker purple line running length-wise down the middle of each petal.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white stamen

the flower is arranged in three layers and is light pink in color.
this flower has very light pink petals, yellow anther and yellow filament, and green pedicel and green sepal.
the flower has a lot of white colored petals with the inner part in yellow color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
a flower with ruffled white petals which have yellow tips and a central cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and layered.
this flower has overlapping white petals ans a yellow pistil.
this flower has large white petals and large yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a few layers of white rounded petals that build upon each other.

the flowers ar alternately arranged and opink in color with oval shaped petals
this flower has petals that are pink with black stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
individual pink and white flowers are staggered above one another all attached to the same broad and sturdy stem.
the flower shown has white and purple petals as its main feature
this flower has purplish rows of petals extending down the light green pedicle.
a flower with wide petals that are white and purple.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
the petals of the flower are wide, and have a ruffled edge, with shades of pink and white throughout the petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading

this flower is dull pink with overlapping petals a pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and has red stamen
this flower has small light red petals and red stamens.
this flower has small pink petals that are rounded in shape and smooth in texture.
the petals are coral red colored and the stamens are the same coral red color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and thin.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and thin.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with long, wide, white and purple petals standing atop a deep crimson pedicel.
this flower has large white petals with dark pink tips on it
this large blossom has long, smooth white petals with slightly tapered tips and pink centers.
this snowy white bloom is tinged on the underside with crimson pink color.
the petals on this flower are very large, smooth and white with a hint of purple.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower has perfect smooth white pointed petals which bend backwards from a hot pink center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are white.
this flower is very bright white with bits of purple/red near the base.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
these yellow colored flowers have a unique outer shape to them.
this small flower has overlapping yellow and orange petals with rounded edges.
this flower has yellow petals and a center with white anthers in it
a cluster of orange flowers with green stigmas in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has small and thin orange petals which are slightly heart-shaped.
this bunch of golden yellow flowers have five joined petals with a darker gold pigment from the center of the flower.
this big flower has many yellow petals coming from it.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.

this flower features prominent stigmae surrounded by pink tinged white petals.
this beautiful flower has a long stigma, it's slightly hidden under it's pink and white color petals.
the petals on this flower are pink on the fringe and white inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
this flower has white petals with pink edges and yellow stamen in the center
this flower has pointed petals that have a white center and bright pink edges.
the flowers are pink outlined with a deeper white middle.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stripespink and has white lines
the big petals with pink edges and white centers surround pink stamen.
a flower with petals that are pointed at the tip.

there is a large curved pale pink petal below two slightly smaller, darker pink petals which have a magenta thread pattern fanning out from a yellow stigma.
this unique flower features a hood-like arrangement with a very light-colored bottom portion.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals on this flower are pink and brown and yellow in color.
a wonderfully exotic asymetrical purple-pale pink flower with dark purple "etchings" on the three upper petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
the petals on this flower are mostly leopard pink in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow
a flower with connected petals that are wide and purple.
this flower has a variegated color scheme on it's rounded petals and a yellow pistil in the center.
this flower has rounded pale purple petals which have darker purple patterned accents.

there are two rows of bright red pedals on these blossoms, which surround a center with yellow stamen am a very flat maroon pistil.
this flower has long red petals with yellow anthers and a brown center.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a red flower with elongated leaves and a small cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has layers of bright red petals which have rounded tips.
the beautiful flower has red petals that are so vivid and arranged separately around yellow stamens in disc like manner
the flower has thin yellow anther and filament which makes a circle as well as bright red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

three rows of pink and white petals bordering many yellow filaments. the petals get larger as they branch out around the filaments.
the flower has many stamen that are yellow in color with lager anthers
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals and long yellow stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
three layers of bright pink oval petals in a geometric star pattern surrounding prominent yellow stamen.
this flower has rows of light purple petals and rows of orange stamen in the middle.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has multiple rows of light pink petals that get smaller closer to the stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

what is so unique about this flower is its subtle simple, yet elegant look.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
a bell shaped white pedaled flower with a long stigma.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are wavy and curled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has green shading
a white flower with huge petals that have a light green coloring towards the center and long white stamen.
this flower has long green stems, and white petals with long white stamens.
this flower has a bright green pedicel with a green receptacle and ovary and white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.

these small waxy flowers have five curved petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curved backward.
a group of bright green and yellow flowers with curved petals
these flowers have five petals which are mostly white with yellow at their roots and no noticeable stamen.
these flowers possess yellow and white petals and a lighter, pink color as one approaches the plant's interior.
there are five petals that have a bright yellow near the center and gradients of yellow to white on the outside of the long, curved petals.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with multicolored petals.
a flower with a petal that is long and narrow and yellow and white.
long white petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower has white petals that have yellow shading in the middle

the stamen are outside the flower and it is generally purple in color.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has many filaments and purple petals that surround it
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
the blooms of the flower are in clusters and is light purple in color.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink stamen
this flower has small purple petals and long white stamens.
this flower has smooth and round pale purple petals, pale purple filaments, and gold anthers.

the small lavender flower has many small arrow shaped lavender petals.
a purple flower with a lot of three pronged petals.
this beauty has purple petals that are shaped like frogs feet with a cute worker bee on stamen.
this flower is light purple in color with a lot of very small petals.
a light purple flower with rows three pronged petals and small stamens
this flower has light purple petals atop a long, slender pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has small and slightly oblong petals that are light purple in color.

this flower has many long red petals with rounded yellow tips surrounding a dark red center.
this flower has pink and yellow petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
the petals on this flower are red with orange tips.
a beautiful flower with bright red petals with yellow tips.
this red and yellow flowers has pointed petals and red stamen with yellow anthers.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petal that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellowtips

this flower has one large bell shaped petal that swirls around the stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow style
the flower has a visible filament with no visible anthers
this flower is white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a white pistil and smooth white petals as its main features
the flower has one cream colored petal folded around a light yellow stamen.
this flower has a single spiraling white cone shaped petal.
this flower has a single white petal that curves around its inner long yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a long style
this flower is made up of on huge white petal with a white stamen in the middle.

this flower has a green pistil with long and pointy purple petals.
the flower has purple stamen sitting on top of green thorny petals
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this spiny green flower has light purple hair like stamen on top.
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are spikey.
this purple flower has a spiky pedicel and spine like petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has many purple, hair-like petals, growing out a spikey green sepal
a large green ovule with many prickles sticking out of it topped with a cluster of purple petals.
this flower has a lot of purple thin pistils with no petals around them.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
six white petals on this blosson are widely spaced, and the stamen are long and have yellow anthers.
the flower has six white petals and pink and yellow stamens and pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and many white stamen.
the flower is white with petals that are soft and separately arranged in two different layers forming a disc below a bunch of stamen
white flower has six petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has six wide white petals and central green stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has six white petals that have yellow stamen
this white flower has six leaves and yellow many stamens.

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and white with yellow stamen
this flower has a red and white color scheme on its petals with yellow anthers.
on the flower the first row of petals are bright pink and the second row is light pink.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
a flower with a base layer of 5 star shaped red petals and a second layer above that of five pink petals that surrounding a cluster of yellow stamen and anther filament.
this flower has deep pink sepals with pointed tips and very small white petals with pink circles on them.
this flower has an outer layer of red petals and an inner level of white petals
the petals of this flower are red and white and the pistil is yellow
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has small white petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a center that is yellow in color.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the beautiful flower is so big with white petals that are soft, smooth and has bunch yellow stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this water growing flower has off white petals surrounding its yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
small flowers with white petals and yellow stamen and green leaves

this flower has petals that are pointed and orange, with orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are orange with yellow stamen.
the flower has many oval petals that are a deep orange color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed and orange.
this orange flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.

the petals is white i color and circular shaped with larger orange anthers
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the petals are flat and white with a mound of stamen and a yellow pistil in the middle.
the flower has rough, white petals with a dark yellow pistil.
large, wrinkled white petals linked together surrounding a dark yellow center of stamen and anthers.
the big flower has white petals with bunch of orange stamen in the centre
this flower has white petals that look like a tissue and tiny stamen in the middle surrounding a single stem.
this white flower has only one petal and a bright orange ovule.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has pure white petals, yellow anther filaments and stamen, and green narrow leaves.

green pedicel and sepal holding orange round tipped petals and yellow stamen and stigma.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the leaves are dark green in color, the petals are orange in color and anthers yelllow in color
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by long red petals with pointed tips.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and slightly ruffled.
this flower has oblong shaped petals that are orange in color.
this flower has long dark orange petals with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has large orange petals and large yellow stamens.

this flower has petals that are orange with patches of yellow
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that overlap, with peach and yellow leaves, and yellow stamen.
the flower has several layers of petals that are yellow and dim red.
this flower had multiple layers of pedals that fade from orange to yellow.
this flower has light orange petals, with brown stamen in the center.
the flower has several dozen pink, and yellow petals, with golden anthers in the center.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with yellow and pink.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with oval shaped petals.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have long thin filaments.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up and ruffled.
this flower has light pink petals and dark pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and very think
flower with sparse long pale pink petals pointing outward and long pink stamen.
this is a pink flower with long, thin petals that curve back with long, thin stamens.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl backwards.
this pink flower has curled petals and pink stamen with brown anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower has bright yellow petals that are curved both upward and downward.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has a fluffy cloud shape with yellow petals and green leaves.
this flower has lime green petals that take on a ballooning shape and a dark green pedicel.
this yellow flower is shaped like a balloon and has a white tint to it in the sunlight.
this flower has very smooth, rounded blossoms of pale yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals that has edges folded inwards
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has white and pink petals with yellow, orange and white stamen.
this flower has pale orange petals that have a deep red color closet to the ovule, with a cluster of yellow stamen with red tips.
this flower has petals that are pale peach with yellow filaments.
this is a large peach colored flower that has five petals and a dark red throat with yellow filaments.
this flower is peach and white in color, with petals that are wrinkled and wavy.
the petals of the flower have various shades of green, and orange throughout.
this flower has lightly colored petals with many ridges, a deep red ovary, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow stamen
the flower has light pink petals and a cluster of yellow stamen.
flower has yellow stamen with darker tips protruding from a base of peach colored flowers that get very dark near the center.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this is a flower with a white pistil and orange petals.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has small yellow and orange petals with yellow pistil
this flower has layers of thin orange petals with rounded tips.
these flowers have long thin oval shaped petals which are orange with yellow highlights.
this flower has two rows of long, rounded petals that are multi-tonal (orange to yellow) in color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
these flowers are round with rotating orange petals with a long thin stem.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multicolored.
a ruffled pale yellow and white petals unfolding into a unique face and beard shape.
this pale looking flower has large yellow petals and is wilting.
this interesting flower has white petals which turn to yellow at the base of the petal.
the flower has petals that are white and pale yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow edges
a large yellow and white flower with big floppy ribboned petals surrounding a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
a fluffy lime green and white flower with golden center.
this flower has thin yellow asymmetrical petals towards the top and three yellowish white petals extending from the bottom.

this flower has man red petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is a bright red with oval shaped petals that overlap each other and a small circular ring of short, yellow stamen around a darker center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red with many yellow stamen
the flower has many red petals that are dense and long.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong petals with red filaments.
a flower with many overlapping bright red petals, a yellow stamen, and dark red pistil.
this flower has layers of overlapping bright red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flat flower has long thin petals and a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has thin and long yellow petals with bright yellow anther filaments
the flower is made of multiple thin petals that are yellow in color.
this flower has many long skinny yellow petals that surround the yellow stamen in several layers.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are long and skinny.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the yellow-green petals are thin and form a flat circle around a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy
this flower has yellow center knobs surrounded by thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and long.

this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has a green pedicel and sepal as well as purple petals on it.
this flower has petals that are drooping, purple with white spots.
this nodding flower has a bell shape with deep purple flowers that have a checkerboard pattern.
a flower that has a multicolored petals and a green stem.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has large purple and white spotted petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly bulb shaped and droopy.

delacate reddish orange petals with a black short stamen and cauliflower shaped sepals.
the flower shown has red petals as well as green sepal
small flowers with red petals and no visible anther filaments.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are woven closely together.
several bunches of flowers, on top of tall stalks above ruffled dark green leaves, are made up of multiple sets of rounded coral petals folded around pink pistils.
this flower has small red petals which are smooth and round-edged.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together
this flower has bunches of heads grouped together, each with small rounded pink petals.
this flower has tiny little red petals in various shapes and sizes.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are round, smooth, pink and get white towards the center of the flower.
this has inner and outer petals that are whittish with a shade of purple with a green stem
this flower has petals that are pink with dark pink tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light pink and white petals, a narrow dark green stem and broad leaves.
this large flower is purple and the pedals are curved.
the petals of the flower are a light pink color, with shades of white near the base of the petal.

the flower has many smaller yellow petals with a brown pedicel
a brightly colored yellow flower with many rows of petals, blending with the stamen and stigma.
the flower petals are needle shaped and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and flat on the ends.
many thin petals that are pale yellow that get smaller toward the middle, where stamen are yellow as well.
this flower has a mound of fringe-like yellow petals and hairs.
this flower has long yellow petals and anther with orange filament.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy
this flower has many long ovular petals in a sunburst shape.
this flower has very thin yellow petals with notched ends arranged in a ray-like configuration.

this flower has four yellow petals shaded with orange inside with the tiny yellow petals at the middle
this flower has four wide yellow petals and some of the petals are bitten.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with orange accents.
large yellow and orange petals look a bit like hey have been nibbled on, many yellow stamen in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has very smooth, wide yellow petals with pale orange centers.
this yellow flower has rounded petals, yellow stamen and a green pedicel.
a flower with a petal that is long and wide and bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals are white in color and the aanthers yellow in color
this flower has white, feathery pedals that surround a pale green pistil.
this flower has petals that are with green centers and yellow anthers.
this flower has large white petals with a green center, and a lot of yellow anthers
this flower has large and rounded white petals with ruffled edges.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
the stamens of the flower are short, and are a white and yellow color.
this flower has small broad white petals petals, a yellow and white stamen, and a green peticel.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and curl along the edges.
flower has petals that are pink, overlapping and closed until blooming.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this pink flower has several layers of petals and has a tiny stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has pink petals that have red dots in the middle
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long and curly petals that are light pink.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has small white petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has white and red petals with a yellow stigma.
this flower has small white petals and pink pedicels with long white pollen tubes and yellow anthers.
this flower has red leaves and stems holding smooth white petals.
this white flower has pink bulbs that resemble mini chili peppers and white stringy cord resembling alfalfa sprouts.
this flower has white petals that have yellow stigma on them
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has multiple blossoms on one stem with white petals and pink sepals.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed upward.
the flower shown has pointy pink petals with white pistil
this flower has pink and white petals with pointed tips and many white pistils.
this flower has petals that are pink and veryt hin
the flower has large pink petals that are long and thin.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has a cluster of yellow and white stamen surrounded by pointy light pink petals that face upwards towards the sky.
this flower has white stamen, yellow anther filaments and white and pink petals.
this flower has a ring of sharply pointed pink petals around a wide white center disk.

a small purple spotted flower with petals that curl downward and have dropping purple anther.
this flower has petals that are white with purple spots and purple stamen.
the flower has pink spotted petals with a pink spotted stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this star shaped flower is white with purple spotting and its stamen is purple
this flower has white and purple petals that have dark purple spots on them
this particular flower has petals that are white dotted with purple
this flower has six long white petals which are thick with purple spots.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

the flower has outer petals that are pink and yellow and inner petals that are bright yellow.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with a yellow layer in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has pink pointed petals surrounding inner yellow petals which support a yellow pistil.
this is a small flower, with yellow petals, and red pointed sepals.
this flower has five peach colored pointed petals and five yellow, rounded ones.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has white and orange petals with long stamen
this flower has an outer row of pink petals with an inner row of smaller yellow petals.

a flower with yellow petals and yellow pistils in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is made of two layers and both layers are yellow in color.
flower has petals that are yellow with upper yellow petals that are shaped like a bell.
the yellow flower has a long center and looks as if its weeping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has a star-like configuration of yellow petals surrounding a trumpet shaped petal in the center.
the yellow flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and enclosing stamen with two different layers with inner layer forming a bell like shape
this flower has a ruffled trumpet surrounded by tapered yellow petals.
the petals of this flower are golden yellow and the stamen is the same golden color.

the petals of the flowers are yellow with a middle made of yellow anthers.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are red down the center.
the spear shaped petals of this flower are yellow with orange streaks up the center with a dark brown base clustered around a large yellow pistil.
a bright yellow and orange flower with many petals and yellow stamen.
this is a flower that has yellow and red petals with a brown ovary
this red and yellow flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with light brown anthers.
this flower is yellow, red, and black in color, and has petals that are striped red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
this flower has point yellow stamen taking up about 25% of the flower.
this flower has a ray-like shape of brightly colored petals that are yellow with a red stripe down each center.

this flower has petals that are striped yellow and purple
this multi-colored flower has striped petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are mutlicolored.
this flower has purple petals with yellow pistil as its main features
the petals of this flower are red and yellow with a long stigma
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly whiet in color and the inner stamen is the color orange.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this multicolored flower has a large white petal along with three yellow and red striped petals.
this flower has pink and has yellow and purple lines on them

the flower petals on this bloom are pink and leaf shaped, and just a bit larger than the actual leaves.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has a large pink flower and no visible stigma
this flower has pale pink petals arranged in toothed leaflets.
pretty pink petals with a vein running up the middle of them and olive green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower has long and smooth pink petals whose edges are very soft and thin.
a bubblegum colored flower with a red line with long pedals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
large, beautiful waxy pink blossoms on large woody bush-type plants.

this flower has petals that are pink with many layers and yellow steman
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the edge.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of pointed pink petals.
the flower shown has pink petals with yellow stamen in the middle
the flower has a lot of thick and pink colored petals with its center portion where the stamen is located in yellow color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is so big with pink petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around a bunch of yellow stamens in bowl like manner
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of pale pink petals.
a flower with three layers of pink petals that surround a cluster of yellow stamen.

the flower has dark pink and white petals, with green to white filament reaching to the anther of the stamen.
the flower has pink petals that are variegated with white and the filament is white with a brown anther.
this large blossom has slightly pointed pink petals with white stripes in their centers.
the flower has large pink petals with white stripes in the center of the petal.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the multi colored flower is made up of pink and white petals with long green stamen.
this pink and white flower has long white filaments with long anthers at the end.
the petals are white with dark pink veins and form a vase shape around long white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stripes
there are six petals on this pink flower with white accents going up the center.

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals on this flower are light red with dark red veins.
this flower has large coral red petals with deep red veins running through them, and a cluster of red stamen with yellow tips.
this drooping flower has a large protruding pollen tube surrounded by several large red veined petals.
a droopy red petal flower with a thread like filliament
a red flower with yellow stamen and stigma and the sepal are green and leaves are big
this flower has prominent light green and white sepals holding a loose ring of overlapping pink petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower consists of 6 pink oval petals, and hangs downward from a long green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big stigma

this flower has broad, pointed, overlapping pink petals with many small yellow stamen.
this light-pink flower has a large yellow pistil and stamen in its core.
a medium sized flower with light purple petals and yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower has purple petals which are smooth and yellow anther
this flower has several purple petals along with a yellow ovule.
this flower has pink petals and has yellow stamen and a big style
this flower has pink petals with pointed tips and bright yellow stamen with a prominent yellow pistil.
the flower has medium sized lilac petals with a yellow thimble-shaped style with short thin stamen.
this flower has a thick yellow center surrounded by upturned pale pink petals.
this pink and red flower has pointed leaves and a yellow stigma.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen and black lines
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has dark purple petals with yellow markings as its main feature
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow in the center.
this flower has five smooth rounded petals in shades of purple with yellow accents.
the flower has round soft petals that are purple, blue, and white.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
the flower has large flat purple petals with dark purple lines and a yellow spot towards the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
a large purple and white pedals of a flower with a golden center and dark lines.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flowers are alternately arranged with white petals and some patches of brown spots on the inside part of the petals
this is a long tall stem of white trumpet shaped flowers with purple spots in centers.
the flowers on the branch are white in color and have a speckled inner layer.
this flower has a bell shaped petal with purple spots on the inside.
this flower has white bell shaped petals, dotted with purple.
a flower that has a tube shaped petal that is white with purple spots.
bell-like flowers with white petals and dark inner dots on a green vertical pedicel.
the petals on this flower are white and the inside has red spots
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

this flower looks like 2 and 1 it has 3 colors on the titles yellow purple and in white
this flower has a layer of pale purple petals with a layer of pure white petals on top.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small white petals and long yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower has large and small petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has light blue sepals and smaller white petals with thin yellow stamen.
a flower with the inner petals that are white and rounded.
this flower has large purple and white petals with small yellow stamens.

this is a small flower with yellow petals and orange near the ovary.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has multiple layers of faded yellow petals with bright yellow stamen coming out of the ovule.
{}
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
the flower has yellow stamen and many white oval petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals thatare curled upward around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by layers of tapered white petals.
white petals surround the yellow anther located in the center of this flower.

this flower has white petals and purple and green pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
this flower has petals that are white with white and purple filaments, and green anthers.
this flower has large green petals and a large green stigma in the middle
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this white and blue flower has pointed petals and green stamen with pink anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower has green petals surrounding long stamen pointing out to the side that are black, white and purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white petals with a strange shaped pistil.

the flower has blue petals with green anther and filament
there are snake-like, green, swirling pistil jutting out the top with long-filamented, green stamen jutting out sideways above frilly, jagged pale-blue petals.
this flower has long blue petals and long dark green stamen
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are blue with long stigma
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower has thick green stamen and layers of soft tissue like blue petals.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower is made up of many lavender blue petals that go crazy places.
this flower has many pointed purple petals and very prominent green pistils.

this flower has bright pink petals with yellow highlights.
this flower is red and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals on this flower are pink and yellow and the flower has a green mossy pedicel
the petals are pink with a hint of orange on them.
this flower has a large red petal with yellow spots on it and no visible stigma
this flower has large and round red petals with mottled accents of orange.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yelow shading
the color of this flowers petals are mainly purple with a tint of yellow as well.
this flower has wavy petals that are varying shades of red and yellow.

this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower has peach stamen and overlappng petals that are peach or yellow.
petals are oval in shape and are light beige ib color
this flower has large orange petals and no visible outer stamen
this peach colored flower has many rings of oval shaped petals that go from peach in color to yellow as they approach the middle.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are layered.
the peach and yellow flower petals flourishes the dark pollen tube and stigma
this flower has small oblong pink and yellow petals arranged in round layers.

this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
the pedicel carries a single flower and the petals are yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flower has petals that are dark yellow with white stigma.
this flower has bright yellow frilly petals that droop away from center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines
this flower has droopy yellow petals with cream color center.
this flower has three yellow petals that droop over in an arc, and a very light yellow, almost white, pollen tube and stamen.
this flower has three large yellow petals surrounding smaller white petals.

this is a group of white flowers, with spider shaped centers.
the flower has separated petals that are white and forming a bow-tied shape
an intricate design of pinks, whites, and yellows adorn the centers of these white petals with long stigma.
a small white flower with smal petals that is on a small pedicel
this is a very cool flower with very bold white on the petals and a very unique middle.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink patches
the petals of the flower are a vibrant white color, and the petals form a distinct fan shape.
white flower petals on a long stem with anther filament in the middle.
this flower has large white petals with a smooth texture and edges.
this is a white flower with wide petals and a pink and yellow pistil.

the flower has white petals with a yellow stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stammen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has large white petals and some yellow stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are pale yellow with many dark yellow stamen.
this flower has broad flat yellow outer petals with small narrow yellow petals around a tiny white stamen.
this flower has white petals and has thick yellow stamen
this flower white petals that overlap each other and a grouping of thick yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
a flower with round and wide petals that are white.

the petals on this flower are pink with yellow and brown and white.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen forming a funnel like shape
the flower has petals that are white with a red stripe, red anthers and yellow filaments.
petals are gradations of pink with yellow in center petals and brown slashes on some petals.
this flower has wide, slightly overlapping pink petals with white and yellow accents.
this flower has white and purple and yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has a patch of yellow
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has white pink and white yellow and pink petals surrounding the pink stamen.

the yellow flower with contrasting darker markings on its sunny petals also has darker orange colored stamens.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this is a flower with yellow petals with black spots.
this flower has petals that are yelow with yellow filaments and red anthers.
this flower is bright yellow a base color of yellow on its petals with purple dots
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has papery yellow petals with red stripes and a long yellow stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals with dark lines on a few of them.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this flowers has bright yellow red spotted pedals and orange stamen.

this flower looks like a dragon, with sharp pedals of red and white.
this flower has petals that are green with red lines
there are red lines in the mostly white petals and stamen are brown and white.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the bloom on the stem is white and red with pointed tips and grows on a green stem.
this flower has elongated pointed petals of creamy white and bright red spread in a trumpet shape.
this flower has white and stripes of red petals, green pedicel.
this flower has thin white filaments with yellow anthers surrounded by pointed white petals with red stripes.
a pedicel and red and white petals adorn this flower in the photo.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stripes

this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
the petals on this flower are purple with white and purple dots.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower has petals that are purple with white edges, and purple spots on the interior of the petal.
the petals on this flower are unique because they are together and are spotted with purple
this flower has petals that are purple and has red dots
this flower has a bell shaped petal with purple on the outside and a white interior speckled with dark patches.
white and purple make up the colors of the petals on this narrow flower
the bell shaped pinkish flower has fused petals that are supported by green sepals and has dark pink spots with white background in the inner surface
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.

the flower has six long purple petals with dark pink stripes in the middle.
this flower has long purple petals and a lot of stamen in the center
the flower has purple petals with white filament and a purple pedicel
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the six long, purple petals form a point at their tips, and the filaments are white with purple tips.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the purple pedals are longer and pointed and look almost wrinkled, while the stamen are white with purple tips and the pistil has a purple base and a white top.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has a small grouping of white stamen at the center of a six pointed wheel configuration of bright purple petals.

the petals are fluted and scalloped in pink and white, and fade into yellow toward a pronounced yellow style and brown stigma.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and has curly edges and also the petals are surround stamens
this flower has petals that are white with pink tips and yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple edges and patches of yellow
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and darker near the edges.
this flower has large broad white and yellow pink outlined petals and a white and pink stamen.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and are bunched together and has pink edges
this flower has large and wide ruffled white petals with pink edges.
this flower has light pink and yellow petals with dark pink crinkled edges.

this flower has has pink and white petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has oval shaped pink petals with bright yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow pistil and light pink petals as its main features
there are many yellow tame with large, pale pink petals at differing levels around the flower.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a light pink flower with multiple layers of pink petals surrounding a cluster of long yellow stamen.
water lilly style pink flower made of oblong pink petals and bright yellow numerous stamen

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are striped.,
this flower has petals that are red and red stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with black stamen
flower with white and pink petals and yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves and sepals.
this flower has pink petals and the pedicel is very long and green
a flower with broad pink and brown striped petals, brown anther, and white filaments
this flower has petals that are red and has dark lines
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are red.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and striped near the center.

this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of purple
the flower has two purple petals on top, with red petals on the sides.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this purple and violet flower has a green pedicel and receptacle.
this flower has oddly shaped irregular petals with two tone purple colors.
this flower has a combination of very light purple petals and deep pink petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has petals of red, purple and magenta that flare out.

stamen are yellow in color,petals are white and brown spoted in color
the petals are white with pink polka dots, and the stigma is bright yellow while the recepticle is green.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
a flower with spotted petals that are yellow and orange.
this flower is made up of six yellow petals with orange spots and orange edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
the peddles are light yellow with pink spots, the stamen are yellow
this flower has a mixer of colors with its pedals being red and a light yellow that are completely opened up.
this flower has sparse light yellow petals with a lot of red spot on them along with prominent stamen and pistil.

this flower has large purple petals and a few blue stamen in the middle of it
the petals are purple in color while the stem is green in color.
the flower is pink with fused petal that is disc shaped and has stamens sticking out from the centre
the flower has large purple petals that are dotted with violet.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has jagged magenta with dark purple strip with lighter pink spots stripped petals.
this particular flower has petals that are short and pointed with purple
this flower has petals that are pink and has ruffled edges
this flower has broad purple spotted petals and a purple pistil.
this flower has purple petals with lighter and darker purple spots and a dark purple stamen.

the flower has petals that are bright yellow with yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a stem that is green in color.
flower with small bright yellow petals on a thin green stem
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has a small size and shiny yellow petals with rounded edges.
this yellow flower is shaped like a lillipad and the pedicial is green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this small yellow flower has tiny rounded petals and short yellow stamens.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are yellow with an orange spot, and yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with red stripes.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower has five rounded yellow petals with bright red splotch accents at their centers.
this flower has five very rounded yellow petals with bright red accents.
the flower has yellow petals with streaks of red and a fuzzy ovule.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange patches
this flower has small yellow filaments and bright rounded petals that are yellow with red markings.
a flower with petals that are yellow but have a red stripe with three points and a yellow pistil.

this round bell shaped flower has rounded purple petals with a white star shaped design.
this flower has pink and white petals with a white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have a white stripe in the shape of a star.
this pale violet flower features a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.
the delicate flower is a light pink with a white star shape that reaches out to all the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has a funnel-like shape with very light pink petals that have a white stripe down the center of each one.
a light pink flower with a white star pattern at it's center that surrounds a light colored pistil.

this flower has wide petals with tapered tips in mottled shades of red and maroon.
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower shown has dark red petals with light red spots.
this flower has petals that are red with pink dots
this flower displays a green pedicel and some red dark petals
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has deep pink petals with lighter pink spots and pointed tips in a cup-like formation.
a dark wine color with lighter spots, this flower is facing down and its petals are pointed and forma a shade like shape around the center of the flower.
this flower has large petals that are diverse in color, ranging from red to black and white.
this dark magenta-, black-and-white-petaled flower has pointed petal ends.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and pink stigma.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have sepals that are green in color.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are pink with a flowery stigma
this is a pink flower with five overlapping petals and a pink pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
a flower with long and wide petals that curl outward.
the flower has round pink petals and pink stamen and pistil.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
these flowers have pastel pink petals with light pink pistil.
a flower with wavy pink petals, black anther, and pink filaments.
this flower has long, thin pink petals and long pink filaments.
the petals of these flowers are long and light violet, while the anthers are dark purple
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has prominent long filaments with black anthers and thin petals with curled ends.

this plant has wife trunoer shaped white blossoms with purple spots arranged vertically along the stem.
the flower has cone shaped petals that are yellow and purple dotted.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a long white petal with spots on the inside of it
this flower has petals that are yellow with black dots
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has small green receptacles holding white bell shaped petals that have pink spots on the inside.
these flowers have yellow petals with specks of brown on the inside of them.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has a long narrow cup shape, greenish white petals with maroon spots inside.

the flower has large yellow petals with yellow anther and filament
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has large yellow petals and long yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
a flower with short and rounded petals that are yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this yellow flower has round petals and yellow stamen and anthers.
the yellow blossom has five rounded and shiny petals in a star formation with a round spherical green center.

this purple flower has bell shaped petals with an open center filled with light purple anthers.
the four flowers purple petals form a cup shape and lay on its side.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has magenta petals that form cups that face downwards and which have brown and white spots inside.
this dark purple flower has bell shaped petals that arch downward.
petals of this dark purple flower are melt together in order to form a deep jar containing the pistil
these flowers have bell-shaped petals that are purple with white spots, and they hang from their pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
single petaled flowers in the shape of bells are dark red or purple on the outside and spotted white on the inside.
the petals of this flower are purple come out and make a bell shape, the insides have a pattern that is spotted.

the flower shown has white anther and filament with green pedicel and a purple petal
the flower has large light burgundy colored petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curved downward.
the petals on this flower are light purple with yellow stamen.
these flower flowers face downward with pointed, mauve petals, abundant white stamen and a long green pedicil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has wide pale pink petals with delicate vein accents.
this purple flower has it's purple petals in a bowl shape with long light purple stamen.
this flower has light pink petals with pink veins and long, white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow stamen

this flower appears to be blooming but has really cool red leaves, you don't see that everyday.
this is not a flower but a bush with some red leaves.
this lush flower houses vibrant red petals and yellow towards its center.
the flower is bright pink with tiny white dots on its leaves and yellow blooms.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are red with veins.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow lines
this bright flower has red petals with bright yellow anthers.
this flower consists of multiple red petals with bright yellow stamen.
the red petals have dark red veins and the stigma are yellow.
this flower has a loose arrangement of bright pink petals that are very large and layered.

this flower has petals that are green with purple stringy stamen
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
the flower is so big and has disc of petals that are soft, thick and arranged below the disc of stamens that are blue
this is a flower that has white petals and purple and white anthers.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has flat, pointed white petals with flat blue filaments and upright stamen and pistils.
this flower has green and plum colored stamen purple and white anther filaments, white petals,
this flower is white, green, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has skinny long white petals and green pistil.

this flower has small white petals and a few white anther in the center
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled edges.
the flower has pink leaves with a small white flower in the center.
the petals are large and triangle-shaped and purple in color while the stigma is white and the stamen is dark and nearly black.
the flower has purple petals with a white pollen tube located in the center
small white petals with a small white anther and purple sepals.
this purple flower has pointed petals and a brown stamen with white anthers.
this flower has purple leaves with veins and pointed tips surrounding a tiny white blossom.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma

yellow petals, shaped like stalks of grass surround a darkish brown (maybe black) pistil.
the flower has a black colored large anthers and stigma
a flower with long thin yellow petals and a central cluster of black stamen.
the flower has petals that are yellow and pointed, with a brown center.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
this flower has elongated flat yellow petals arranged close together around its center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
the golden colored petals are long and arranged in a flat disk surrounding a cluster of dark brown stamen.
this flower hey as long yellow pencils with a brown stigma in the middle

these small flower contain five white petals surrounding a purple ringed ovary in a star pattern.
like a blushing princess, the pale pinkish white leaves hold out their darker pink center for approval.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
the pretty flower has white petals with pink at their center.
delicate white flowers with five pointed petals and pink centers.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
these are five petaled white flowers with a pink rim around the pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center

the flower has petals that are oval and gold with a brown center.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has thin, yellow petals and a black pistil.
this flower features a dark brown ovary surrounded by long yellow petals.
this flower has small yellow pointy thin petals pointing at every direction.
this yellow flower has pointed petals, a black stamen and a green pedicel.
the flower has bright gold petals surrounding a cluster of dark brown stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has thin yellow petals and a fuzzy black center made up of anthers.
this flower has long yellow petals with ridges and pointed tips placed close to each other in a ray-like formation.

a cluster of flowers with red petals and no visible pistils.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
flowers are alternaetely arranged,petals are red in color,smaler stamen and pistil
a tight group of small blossoms are close together, with salmon colored petals in this specimen.
the flower is formed by individuals petals that have their own sexual organs.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red color, and the stamens are a dark black color.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has bright pink petals with a rounded shape and a smooth texture.
these salmon-pink flowers come in clusters, with a few broad petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with a light green center and red stamen.
the flower is dark pink with petals that are forming disc shape and also the pistil is sticking out from the centre
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
there are large open petals that are white and pink with a yellow center and a pink stigma.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a center that is yellow in color.
a red and white funnel shaped flower with a lime green center and a red long stigma.
this flower has a yellow ovary with a pink pistil and pink and white petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are heart shaped and multi colored.
this flower has five heart shaped leaves flowing out of a tube shape center with a pollen tube and the leaves are dark green.

this flower has long pointed yellow petals, and a group of black anthers in the center
this flower has many thin yellow petals and a large cone in the center which is likely the residual product of reproductive components.
the flower has many yellow petals and a green pedicel as well
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by long yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped and wilted.
this yellow flower has one sparse row of skinny, ovular petals with a very large black stigma.
this flower has yellow thin petals which droop downward and a large black bud in the middle.
this flower has a round brown center and long thin yellow petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color black.
this flower has a long pedicel with a large dark rounded pistil and a single layer of long yellow pointed petals.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted inside.
this pretty flower has a lot of petals that are purple with black and white spots
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
flowers are laternately arranged,they are light pink in color
this flower has purple bell shaped petals as its main feature
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are purple with white spots.
this is a cone shapes flower with purple petals with darker purple and white spots
this flower has petals that are ink and has purple dots
hanging purple trumpet shaped petals in a bunch.
this is a pink bell-shaped flower that flexes downward with white and pink spots on the inside of the petal.

the petals of theflower are colored purple and the anthers are yellow.
this flower has several upturned layers of pale pink petals with slightly tapered tips.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has large pale pink petals with a cluster of yellow and white stamen coming out of a green ovule.
the beautiful flower has pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner in different layers around the yellow disc of stamens
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals are long and thin and pink and the stamen are yellow and white.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong light pink petals arranged in a ring formation.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in different layers around stamens that are supported by pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink with dark pink tips and yellow stigma.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker on the tips.
this flower has bright pink and white petals with a yellow and orange pistil.
this is a flower that has pink and white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has pink layered petals with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has many light pink petals as well as yellow anthers.
this flower has very pale pink petals that gradient to white in the center and have very short yellow stamen.
this flower has pink petals with many layers and a yellow style
the round, upturned petals of this flower are almost white at the bases and gradually darken to a deep pink at the tips.

an orange flower with greyish white anther filaments.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has several large, rounded petals of orange with red striations.
ghe flowers ar alternatky shped with lrge rounded anthers with white colored stamen and stigma
this flower has dark yellow petals and a few stamens.
this flower has four small and very rounded orange petals with veins.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded with veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
bright orange round pedals with a tight cluster of anther covered filament at center.
this flower has rounded petals with a smooth texture in varying shades of orange.

the petals of the flower are white in color and the leaves are green in color.
this flower is characterized by delicate white petals forming a cone shape.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are uneven on the edges.
this flower has smooth white petals as its main features
a white flower with a white receptacle and a green pedicel.
a delicate, trumpet shaped, white bloom with frilly edges extending from a green leafy sepal.
a white flower with the green sepal and the leaves are green
this flower is white in color, and has a single horn shaped petal.
this flower has white petals that are cone shaped , a white and green veined recepticle and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are white and in a bell shape

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has pink petals that come to a point in the back of the flower and long yellow stamen that grow out of the front.
this flower has pointed medium pink purple outer petals and a layer of light pink center petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow steman
this flower has rounded pale pink petals surrounded by long pointed petals in a darker pink.
this flower has an outer row of darker pink petals surrounding a lighter row of curved petals.
this flower has a trumpet shape with light pink petals at center and brighter pink around.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has small yellow anther sitting inside a white and pink petal.

the flower has large white and yellow petals.
a flower with folded over yellow petals green sepals and light green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and grow along a stem in a trellis pattern.
this flower has petals that are yellow and in a bell shape
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has vertical layers of pale yellow blossoms which are small and ruffled.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are colored varying shades of yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
the ruffled, yellow petals are arranged in a pyramid shape and the sepals are green and fuzzy.

the plants has large alternating petal that are rounded and pink in color with fewer stamen
this flower has short round pale pink petals that grow up the stem.
this flower has a large pink petal with a large pink stigma in the center
this flower has many bright pink petals as well as pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up.
there are clusters of pink petals that curl and the sepals are small and green.
this flower has large and rounded pink petals with a slightly ruffled texture.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this flower has frilly petals of pink shaded from light to dark.

this flower has a white petal with a yellow center, and does not have an outer stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
the petals are white and flat with yellow in the center and there is no visible pistil or stamen in the center.
a five-petaled, star shaped flower with almond shaped overlapping yellow petals with white tips and pistil and stamen that are almost imperceptible.
this flower has five large white petals, slightly tapered, with bright yellow centers.
the petals of the flower have outer edges that are white in color and insides that are yellow.
the flower has large white petals with yellow middle sections and a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals that are white around the egdes
this flower has yellow petals with white edges that form a fan-like arrangement.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow and white.

this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower's small yellow stamen are surrounded by long thin white petals with round tips.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white petals and a yellow stigma in the center
this flower has smooth white petals with a green pollen tube and yellow anther
this flower has very smooth and very straight white petals which are long and soft.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this white flower has pointed petals and a green stigma.
the petals on this flower are mostly pure white in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow with green.

the flower has red and yellow petals with white anther and green pedicel
this red and yellow-petaled flower features a low-lying stamen and pistil set.
these red blossoms appear in a cluster with a small amount of yellow on the petals.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are yellow on the edges.
the petals are red in color and larger in size with white colored stigam and anthers
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has small, smooth red petals with rounded edges and veins.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are yellow in some spots.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
this flower has four orange clam shape petals that have yellow tips arounf the edges.

this plant has many purple flowers with five petals each.
5 large dark purple pedals with a small yellowish stamen.
this flower has purple petals and white pistil as its main feature
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals of this flower are deep violet and the stamen are light green.
this flower is purple in color, with thin and rounded petals.
a flower with short and wide petals that are purple.
this flower has purple petals that have small white stamen
this flower has many blossoms, each with purple petals and a deeper purple receptacle.

the petals of the flower are red in color and are arranged in a bunch.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has reddish orange petals with a red pistil.
a bright red cluster of flowers sepals are arranged in closed alternate pattern
this flower has red petals as well as a red pistil.
this flower has small overlapping red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
this pale red flower has small petals, red stamen, and green leaves.

this flower has thick yellow petals as its main feature.
this deep yellow flower is cup shaped and several threadlike yellow protrusions lay in the center.
this flower has bright yellow stamen with four bright yellow petals around them.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has large yellow petals and small yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has four small and very bright yellow petals.
this flower has upturned layers of very smooth orange petals whose edges pale to yellow.
the petals on this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
a flower with short and rounded petals that are bright yellow.

this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the beautiful flower is yellow and has soft, thin, smooth petals that are arranged in two layers around stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
a yellow flower with black stamen and a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are drooping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the petals of this flower are long and yellow and the pistil is big and black
the classic sunflower with its yellow vibrancy and black middle with very long petals.

the flower has a lot of long and slender yellow petals but it's stamen are even longer and slimmer.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together ans skinny.
the flower shown has yellow petals with a green pedicel
this flower has messy yellow petals as its main feature.
many slender yellow petals surround many yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of very thin yellow petals and thin yellow hairs.
the flower consists of multiple rows of bright yellow needle shaped pedals.

this flower has a light purple petal and a bright yellow anther
this flower has purple petals and a small yellow pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has five lavender colored petals and gold anthers that surround a pale yellow center.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by five rounded purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are dark purple and surround short, yellow stamens.
small delicate purple flowers with a pretty yellow inside and it's wide open with a total of 5 petals.
a flower with short and wide petals that are purple.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are lighter along the edges.

the petals of the flower are pink and orange in color and have petals that are arranged in layers.
the petals on this flower are peach turning to yellow
flower has petals that are overlapping and peach with yellow stamen.
clusters of creamy peach and yellow accented petals that resemble pinecones in shape.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow and orange petals that have many layers
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.
there are many small, pink, overlapping petals which become yellow closer to the center of the flower.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this flower has layers of tapered peach colored petals and a pale yellow center.

this flower has yellow pistil and yellow petals as its main features
the flower has a lot of petals and no sepals are seen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has a ruffled tube center surrounded by pale pointed yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has yellow petals that form into a bell shape
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has 6 outer large yellow petals with a yellow cup like middle with a ruffled brim with yellow stamen in the middle of the cup.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
the yellow flower is bell shaped and has petals that are soft and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange dots
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange center and yellow stigma.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have orange details.
rich yellow flower, round crinkly petals, several short yellow stamen, orange oak leaf shaped prints on three petals, one petal has red stripes with a red/orange hue around it.
this flower has short yellow stamen and bright yellow rounded petals with orange markings.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has clam shaped yellow petals with bright orange highlights.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots

the flowers has petals that are white and yellow with yellow filaments.
the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow and purple markings
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
the simple row of florets are white and yellow in color and the leaves are alternatly arranged
this flower has a big white petal with a yellow stripe on it
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has white petals with a yellow patch and black lines
a flower with a long and wide petal that is white on the edge and yellow on the center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has several petals above the center with one large white, yellow, and black petal below.

smooth large orange petal with a green filament and a pink anthem.
light orange petals with deep purple veins.
this flower has protruding pink stamen and several large orange leaf-like petals.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
a flower that has light orange petals and pink tipped filaments
this flower has bright orange leaves with pointed tips and delicate veins.
this particular flower has petals that are long and dark orange
this flower has orange petals that look like leaves with pink stamen growing out of the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has imprint lines
this flower has broad orange petals, red anther filaments and a yellow-green pedicel.

this flower has white stamen surrounded by five wide, slightly pointed fuchsia petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a purple petal and a lot of white stamen in the center
a flower with dark purple petals and white pistils in the middle.
the flower has purple petals with white anther and filament in the center of the flower
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
medium sized, red-purple petals and white filaments.
this particular flower has petals that are long and have dark pink in it
this flower has five long purple petals that all have a pinkish stripe down the middle of them.

petals are white in color,the stamens are many and are yellow in color
the filaments and anthers are yellow and the petals are white
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals that are a true petal shape circling the yellow center where the stamen and pistil are easily seen.
this flower has soft white petals with round smooth edges and yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has white, circular shaped petals with lots of yellow stamen.
a white pinwheel shaped flower with golden and green stigma.
a white flower with many yellow stamen at it's center surrounded by white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the petals of the flower are red in color and fold inward around the organs.
this flower has small round and orange petals with brown spots.
these miniature flowers are located so close to each other that together they look like a big flower.
this flower has a dark pistol and is surrounded by pale red petals.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower grows in bunches and has fan shaped red petals with darker stamens.
the petals are pinkish red and the stamen are black and small.
there are red pedals with matching red stamen forming tight clusters.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen

the flower has white petals with a green line in the middle.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
the white petals on this flower all stick out into points that make a triangle shape.
this flower has white petals which are rough around the edges.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is white with a yellow ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and trumpet shaped with yellow-green lines running from the center of the flower outward.
the white petals have green veins and form a star shape around small white stigma.
the flower consists of white bell shaped pedals with white stamen.

this flower has large purple petals and a few yellow anthers on it
this flower has petals that are purple with a small yellow stigma
the flower has broad petals and is purple in color with a yellow center.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this purple flower has yellow stamens that look like miniature flowers.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this pale purple flower has rounded petals and a bright green pedicel.
large overlapping purple petals surrounding small yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has soft lavender petals layered together with smooth edges.

this flower's wide yellow center is surrounded by long white petals with round tips,
this flower has many white petals with many small yellow stamen that fill the center.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this white-petaled flower has thin, long petals arranged in a circular shape around a bright yellow pistil.
the petals of this flower are long and white and the pistil is yellow
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
bright and pretty white and yellow daisy.
this flower has a single row of white oblong petals arranged in a ring.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are white wiht yellow in the center
this flower has white petals with yellow and green around the stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a smooth white and yellow petal as its main feature
a flower with separated white and orange petals with central bright yellow stigma
this flower has heart-shaped soft white petals and vivid yellow center.
this flower has five large white blooms with a yellow and orange sunburst shape in the center and a small green stigma.
this flower has white and green petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
this orange, yellow and white flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

sepals are green,flower is light purple in color with green anthers
this flower has the simple row of petals with the center line and the prominent yellow stamens at the end
a simple pink flower that has a disc-like corolla of broad petals and central yellow pistil and stamens.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stamen on it
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are green near the ovary.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green stamen.
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal with a yellow ovary and purple coloring.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

a flower with yellow and orange petals and no visible stamen.
a flower with petals with bright yellow edges and a mottled orange center.
the flower has petals that are large with orange centers and yellow edges.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the large leaves are burnt orange colored and outlined by yellow near the edges.
the petals on this flower are yellow and have orange spots on them
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower has bright petals that are orange at the center with darker spots and yellow edges.
this yellow and orange flower resembles flames.
a flower with long and wide petals that are orange with yellow on the edging.

the rounded petals are light pink, with medium purple in the middle, and the stamens are yellow.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are white around the edges.
this flower has light pink petals and a center that is yellow with anthers
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the stamen of this flower has yellow anthers and the flower's petals is also pink
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and white and orange stamen.
the petal of the flower is light pink, with an outline of white on the petals.
a pedicel and purple petals adorn this flower in the photo.
this is a light purple flower with a yellow pistil and yellow stamens.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the flower shown has small yellow petals with yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the flowers has a lot of slim and long yellow petals that looks to be in the hundreds in numbers.
flower has many needle shaped petals that are yellow incolor
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has bright yellow petals which are thin and stick-like.
this flower has a large number of very skinny bright yellow petals in a ray-like formation.
this flower has a round yellow center and layers of thin hair-like yellow petals.
a flower with a multitude of long, thin, yellow petals fanning from a yellow rounded center.

this flower has large purple petals that are rugged along the edges and come to a point.
this flower has large purple petals and green stigma on it
this dark purple petals with deep veining and a green stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wilted and ruffled at the edges.
there are several purple petals arranged in a circular pattern with sharp ends and a green pistil in the center.
this flower has violet petals, a yellow pistil and a green pedicel
this flower has puffy purple petals coming off of a greenish pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
a wrinkled large purple flower with a long green stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and is bunched together

the flower has purple petals with a green sepal and green stem.
large, flattened, violet petals arranged in a circular rose-like position with rounded edged that end in a point.
a flower with purple petals and no visible pistils.
this flower is vibrant purple in color with tightly wrapped petals.
the flower shown has a purple petal to go with a green pedicel
this flower has spiraling layers of wide, pale purple petals.
a twirled flower that is purple and has a smooth texture.
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and overlap each other
this flower has light purple petals and no visible stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow center
the petals on this flower are white with pink fringes.
the petals are a light pink in the middle with a outer edge of dark pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink at the edges.
flower is capsule shaped,they are white and pink in color
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower, which grows on a branch, has very dark pink coloring on the edges of the petals, which fade to white in a wide center.
the flower has petals that are white with pink edges.

this flower has petals that are purple with blue anther and white filament.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
a star shaped flower with a dark shade of purple and a visible pistil
these purple flowers are unique with thin striped leaves and colorfulness.
this flower droops down somewhat and has a large star shaped petal around it.
this star shaped purple flower has very defined dark purple veins in the petals and five stamens and a vivid blue pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has blue petals with darker veins and they are arranged in a star-like shape.
this flower has purple petals with dark lines and has a blue stigma
his flower has light violet petals with dark violet veins and a few stamen.

the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has white petals that has yellow and buishy stamen
this large, white flower has a bright yellow stigma at the center.
this flower has two rows of very thin white triangle petals with short yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has white crinkled petals, they overlap each other.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of wide, soft white petals.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of wide, soft white petals.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of wide, soft white petals.

this flower has green pistil with white and pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with a dark pink stripe and yellow stamen.
this flower has wrinkling pink and white petals around a center of long stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker striped in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines and yellow stamen
the stamen of this flower are long and deep pink, while the petals are a combination of bright pink and light pink or white.
this flower has white petals with big pink lines and yellow stamen
this flower has several layers of pointed pale pink petals with a stripe of deeper pink in the center.
this flower has several overlapping layers of medium-sized white and pink petals with a dense collection of short, pale green and pink stamen.
the petals of this flower have white edges that surround light pink centers.

the anthers are arger in size and yellow in color while the stigma are green in color
very flat flower overall with long wrinkly petals surrounding a large circle of stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and pointed at the tips.
the sunflower petals are ruffly and yellow in color.
this flower has bright yellow petals, greenish-brown style, a green pedicel, and a green sepal.
this flower is all yellow in color, with thin rounded petals layered around the center of the flower.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with a center that is brown.
this flower has large yellow petals with a large brown pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
this flower has a wide center and layers of wide yellow petals.

this pale flower has light pink petals and a deep burgundy receptacle.
this flower has long white petals with dark pink bases on the bottom
the petals of this flower are pink and purple with short stigma
the flower has petals that are large and upright with red centers.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are long and wavy.
this flower has long upright pink petals with some dark purple and blue at its base.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the bottom.
this flower has light pink oblong petals with a darker pink base and stem.
this flower has very smooth tapered pink petals which bend backwards from their fuchsia center.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the ovary.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has large pink petals and no visible stigma in the center of it
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines
this flower has a green pedicel and pink petals as its main features
a flower with light-pink petals that have dark pink creases and a white pistil.
this flower is pin and white in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this is a pink flower with one big petal that gets white towards the receptacle.
this flower has smooth pink petals with darker pink lines and a white center.

the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has red petals with green leaves and green pistil.
this flower has petals that are red with line imprints
this flower has red petals in varying sizes and green leaves.
the petals of this flower are bright red and multi-layered, with larger petals framing the smaller ones inside.
the bright red petals are pointed and the sepals are pointed and green.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this white blossom has five medium size oval shaped petals, and several stamen with yellow anthers.
the flower has white petals that are oval in shape with larger anthers that are green in color
this flower has long white petals and long white stamen with yellow anthers
it has six petals and yellow anther filaments.
the beautiful flower has petals that are soft and separately arranged around greenish stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this small flower has six white petals surrounding light yellow anthers on thin, white filaments.
this white flower has pointed petals and pale yellow and white stamen.
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is short and green

flower with large pink petals outlined with white and a green pistil.
leafy red petals with light tan tips and a sharp edge surround green stamen with red anthers.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are red with green edges
it's petals colors are red with cream on it's outer edge and also is is large with a pointy edge with a green colored stigma centally.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has matte colored red and green petals that resemble leaves.
this flower has large pink leaves with pointed tips and pale green splotches.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are brown colored with white tips.
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are red.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are slightly ruffled.
the flower shown has white petals as its main feature.
the flower has a set of 5 white petals that are relatively bigger compared to the rest of the flower.
this flower has petals that are white with short steman
a snowy white funnel shaped flower with a white stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has five smooth delicate, heart-shaped white petals around a thick white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a small stigma

the five petals of this bright fuchsia flower are oblong, arranged symmetrically around fuchsia stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has small pink petals and long pink stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are pink with long stamen
this flower has five bright pink petals whose round edges are outlined in a darker pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
the pink petals are turned outwards at the edges and form a vase around pink stamen.
this flower has five rounded and ruffle-edged petals in graduating shades of pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shape and curled back.
bright purple and pink petals and a purple stamen distinguish this flower.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
the petals are broad and milky white as well as yellow towards the middle.
flowers are white in color,thy have some yellow colored patches
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading
a simple flower with five petals that fade from soft yellow to white outward from the center.
the flower has five white petals that turn yellow toward the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
a flower with short and wide petals that is white and yellow.
this flower has yellow and white petals, a red ovule and green pedicel.

the petals are larger and round in shape and light pink in color
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped
the flower has petals that are large and pink with dark pink tips.
the flower has a pink and white petal with a green pedicel
this flower has a short pink petal and a green color pedicel on it
the petals on this flower are pink and overlap each other, the stem is green.
this flower has a few layers of light pink petals with slightly pointed and darker pink tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and are pointy at the top
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a dark green stamen.

the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
the colo of the petal is white no stamen can be seen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the white flower has large and toothed petals and the leaves are small and green.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has a star shape with ruffled edges and green veins.
this white and light yellow flower has the petals opening up like a cone the pistil being mainly whitish.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color green.

a flower with greenish purple petals and large lavender pistils.
this bowl shaped flower has three rows of thick purple petals with the many blue stamens stand at the middle
the petals are green while the filaments are tall and purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has many pointed green sepals surrounding a fringed hairlike growth of very thin purple petals.
this flower has thick stubby purple and green leaves around a fringe of purple hairs.
this flower has long spiky-shaped purple petals and no visible pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has spiky thin blue petals atop layers of thick green and purple sepals.

this flower is pale yellow in color with diamond shaped petals and the stamen is a much darker yellow.
this flower has long white petals and yellow stamen in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has white and yellow petals with yellow stamen
the flower anthers are smaller and the petals are light yellow in color
the petals of this flower are off white, the pistil is yellow, and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several lawyers
this flower has layers of light yellow petals that are stacked upon each other in a slightly cupped arrangement.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a large flower with many layers of yellow petals with dark yellow stamen at it's core.

flower petals are rounde in shape,they are light pink in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with dark lines
what i like about this flower is the way the petals colors transition from various shades of pink.
this flower has thin pink petals with white filament and pink anthers
a large velvet and white flower with a large stigma.
a flower with long and rounded petals that are purple.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
a link purple flower with light purple petals with dark purple lines running though it's petals.

