this is a unique flower with irregular pink petals in which several are on top and more are on the bottom. the yellow inside is sandwiched in between the unique pink petals.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green sepals.
this flower has large light pink petals that turn yellow close to their base.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this pink flower appears to have two separate petals consisting of a top laying on a larger bottom with two yellow spots.
this flower has pinkish british stimia with the yellow and inside
this flower has asymmetrical petals that pink and yellow colored.
a flower with yellow and pink floppy petals that are stacked in multiple layers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has rounded and very smooth pink petals with yellow accents.

this flower has yellow pistil and yellow petals as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower shown has several yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has small rounded yellow petals with rounded edges positioned in a slightly cupped arrangement.
a slight variation of the yellow coloring on the petals with yellow stamens.
this flower has yellow petals that has green shaded stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming bowl like shape around the bunch of stamen

this is a white fragile flower with rounded yet pointed petals and yellow veins.
the pedals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have small veigns.
this slightly star shaped flower has conjoined white petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
flower, green pedicel, small green sepals, 5 white petals each with crease line from origin of flower to end of petal, slight yellowing at origin of petals.
this flower has a large petal with uneven edges, a funnel shape, and an all over white color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

the pistil is large with a longer extenede stigma hanging out of petals
the flower has petals that are pink, soft and it has lengthy stamen on top of it that are blue white and brown in color
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with lavender petals and bluish long pistils and green anther filaments.
this flower features prominent green stamens surrounded by a layer of narrow purple petals and white wide sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has stringy stamen
this flower has lavender and white petals with black stamen in the center and a green stigma.
this flower has rounded green and purple petals surrounding a hairy fringe of purple frizz.
this flower has two sets of alternating petals: one set is cream-colored, the other is lavender.
this is a colorful flower with pink and white petals and long purple anthers.

this light purple flower has one continuous petal and a matching color stigma with light pink anthers.
a purple flower with large petals that have deep purple stripes.
this flower has a very large purple petal along with purple anther and filament
a big pink flower with pink stigma.
this pink flower has deeply ribbed petals, and matching pink stamens.
this pink flower has wavy petals, pink and white stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
a flower with long and wide petals that are light purple.
large rounded purple flower with a purple pistil and white stamen

the blooms of the flower are in bunches and are red in color.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals are red and clustered around a small red pistil.
this flower has a bright red petal with bright red stamen on the inside
this flower has several round, red petals and a red pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.
these flowers have small red petals clustered together over green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has small and smooth petals that are bright pink.
a red flower with many red petals that form a cone shape with red stamen.

the flower has yellow and black petals with yellow anther
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by pointed yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has shotter stamen that are yellow in color as the petals
yellow petals around dark orange center stripes around a center pistil structure with small stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the bright yellow petals of this flower each have a brown stripe down the center.
this flower has bright petals that are yellow, red, and pointed at the tips.
this flower has yellow with burgundy striped petals surrounding an orange stamen.
this flower has purple and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

a pink flower with long petals with green leaves and a pedicel
the flower has incredibly long, sultry petals and light green leaves. it cascades out of the center to a beautiful zenith.
this flower is a powder pink color. the petals grow straight up and hide all of the internal works. there is now view of the stamen or pistils, but the foliage is a medium green color. the leaves are not as broad as the petals.
the flower shown has very large pink petals with green sepal
this flower has many pink petals with a green pedecil.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with long petals that are light pink.
this flower has upturned pink petals which are very soft and have vertical central stripes.
this flower has elongated pink petals that all have a darker pink strip down the center.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
the flower shown has wavy yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has many layers of bright yellow, curly petals and has greenish petals in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very ruffled
this flower has small yellow petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has yellow petals that are attached to green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has small yellow petals in multiple rows around the green ovule.
a large yellow flower with many small petals layering in a ruffle pattern making a ball shape.
this flower has a dome-like configuration of small yellow petals bunched tightly together.

this flower has petals that are purple with small yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five purple petals terminating in a gentle angle around a recessed pistil with stamen protruding.
this bright purple flower grows in bunches and does not have a prominent stamen.
leavesa re green in color,petals are oval in shape and are pikn in color
this flower has bright pink petals and only a few small stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with wavy and oval shaped petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
these tiny flowers are light purple with five thin petals.
this flower has bubblegum pink petals with yellow anthers in the middle.

this flower has a very wide white center surrounded by upturned, pointed pink petals.
this flower has long pointed pink petals and a lot of white anthers in the center
the flower has petals that are pointed and burgundy, with a large center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
a complex flower featuring light purplem white and yellow filaments and stamen and mauve colored petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has a white thick center surrounded by a ring of pointed pink petals that are slightly cupped.
this flower has pink petals as well as a white stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are red.
this flower has large pink petals with a large white pistil.

the petals of the flower are yellow and white and curl around
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a cluster of flowers with yellowish white petals and no visible pistils.
the flower has a very smooth white and yellow petal with red pedicel
leaves are dark green in color,petals are white and yellow in color
this flower has large white petals that are yellow towards the center and a red pedicel.
this flower has wide, very smooth white petals with yellow centers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white and yellow egg shaped petals and purple sepal.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
these purple flowers have darker purple spots and their petals are sparse.
the petals on this flower are white with purple dots.
this flower has long thin petals which are pale purple covered with darker purple spots.
this flower has white petals that are covered in purple dots
this flower has light purple colored petals with darker purple dots all over.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long and narrow petals that have purple spots.
a flower with long and narrow petals that have purple spots.

the flower has smooth white petals with yellow and black also in spots
this flower has five petals, 4 of them white and one of them yellow with small black stripes coming out of the center.
this flower has upper petals of pure white with lower petals of white and yellow with visible brown stamen.
this flower has four smaller pale yellow petals at the top and a brighter wider yellow petal with black stripes at the bottom.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
the white and yellow flower petals have dark stamens that come to the pollen tube
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines
the flower has round petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has smooth petals with rounded edges that are white and yellow.

this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
the petals are broad and pink with pink veins and yellow and green stamen.
outer petals are green and beige in color,inner petals are small and white in color
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has pink leaf-like petals which are veined and pointed.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has red petals with green bulb like stamen
this pink flower has petals that look like leaves with green stamen in the center.
this flower has pink pointed petals with prominent veins and yellow stamens.

a flower with large pointed individual orange petals and massive cluster of orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are pointed and orange with bright orange anthers.
this orange flower with pointed petals has a thick yellow stamen center.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has dark orang colored many petals with laarge yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are a dark orange color with a lighter orange stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
the petals of the flower are orangish brown and the pedicel is green
the orange petals of this flower are long and pointed, and the cluster of stamen at the center have green filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower has petals that are bright red with yellow stamen.
this flower has several layers of soft red petals which overlap slightly.
the flower shown has small bright red petals with yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the beautiful big flower has red petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner around yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright red petals and long, orange anthers.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a couple of rows of oblong red petals arranged in an overlapping ring.

the petals are round and are pink in color with white details and have green details.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are white in the center.
this is a pink flat looking flower with petals seamlessly joined together and gets white in the center
this flower has petals that are light purple with dark purple along the side edges and white at the base that give the flower a circular appearance.
the petals on this flower are purple with white centers
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink lines
this flower has a large, rounded funnel-shaped petal that is light pink with brighter stripes.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
the petals of the flower are a light purple, with pink stripes throughout.
this purple flower is characterized by its light purple petals and light green pistil at the center.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are upright and lavender with man yellow stamen.
this pale purple flower has petals that are a light lavender to light purple and stamen that are yellow.
the flower has a yellow pistil and long white petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pointy white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the stamen is a golden color, long and thin and the petals are thin and pointed, light purple in color.
this flower has a yellow center and upturned layers of purple petals.
this flower has petals that are white and purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has stout yellow stamen in the center of blue and white cupped layers of pointed petals.

this flower has petals that are blue with purple lines
this medium sized flower has 5 purple petals with 5 violet or pink streaks
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
the flower has a single petal which is purple in color.
the petals on this flower are purple with light purple stripes.
this flower is blue and white in color, with multi colored petals.
the flower has blue petals with a purple streak leading to a white center
this flower has five wide, overlapping petals of blue and purple with soft ruffled texture.
a flower with wide and long petals that are blue with a purple streak.
this flower has blue petals with red lines and a white center

this is a round white flower with a long white stigma.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are light purple on the edges.
the flower has a large lavender petal that is round shaped with a large pollen tube.
the large bloom of the flower is white while the tips of the petal are purple.
a single large circular white petal with hints of sharp points and purple tips surrounds a single pistil which is green to yellow.
this flower has white petals with light lavender highlights and a white pistil.
this flower has conjoined soft white petals with pale purple pointed edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma
a white flower with purple areas and contains one full petal.
the flower has a single, five lobed, white petal with large white stamen.

the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the petals are a bright pink color while the pedicel is a dark green.
this flower has layers of pink petals which curl slightly at their tips.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of bright pink petals and a dark red pedicel.
this flower has beautiful pink petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
a pink rose with many petals woven into a tight nest.

this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower has numerous purple petals that have a ruffled texture.
pedicels are green in color,the petals are purple in color
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
the flower has a thin long green pedicel with small purple petals on top.
this flower has a rounded mound of small and very ruffled pale purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are closely bunched together.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
this flower has a large number of irregular small petals that are very light purple in color.

this flower has petals that are purple a closed together
this flower has smal round blue petals like balls in a culster
a small purple flower with tiny purple petals surrounding a purple pedicel.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has a cluster of bulb-like purple flower that face downwards and have white tips.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together
this flower has a bunch of smaller petals formed together that are purple on a green stem.
this particular flower has petals that are ball shaped and purple
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
it has many small purple petals that form a dome shape surrounding the ovary, pollen tube, and stamens.

this five broad petal, light purple, flower has a green stigma and brown filiments, the center of the flower is deep purple.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and purple.
this flower has several large, wide violet petals which curl slightly back at the tips.
the flower shown has a large smooth purple petal with green anther
this is a purple flower with large petals and a green pollen tube.
this flower has big, purple petals in an s shape, coming together around a pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a green stamen
this flower has large purple petals and a green stigma.
this flower has large wide purple petals which are rounded at the edges.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has long red petals that are faintly colored.
a red and orange flower with large green sepal and with stamen.
outer petals are green in color,inner petals are red in color
this flower has petals that are red with many layers and pointy edges
this flower has many long green pointed sepals underneath pointed red petals.
this flower is red and green in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower has red petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has ascending layers of thick and spiky red petals set upon thick green sepals.

pale, black spotted pink petals curl away from long pistils and stamens in this downward facing blossom.
the stamen are longer in length with larger brown anthers
the petals of this flower are peach with brown spots with a long stigma
this flower has curved red petals with black dots and it has stamen that are long and light red
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange with brown spots.
this particular flower has petals that are long and curved and dark red
this flower has petals that are red and has black dots
this flower has orange petals with black dots and long orange stamens.
this flower has orange petals with black pokey-dots, the stamen is very long with black filaments.

this plant has large elongated leaves, long pedicels and a cluster of very large flowers at the top; this one is reddish-orange with a white stripe down the center of each petal.
a flower with pink and white petals with yellowish anther filaments.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with white lines
this yellow and red flower has different shapes of petals and long stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this red and white flower has rounded petals with yellow anthers and a green pedicel.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals are white and pink with deep red veins and the stamens are green with pink tips.

this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
this flower is rose shaped and has overlapping petals and a green stem.
this flower has soft, overlapping soft pink petals that wrap around from the inside.
the pink petals of this flower are lush and arranged in layers.
this flower has smooth pink petals that are wrapped together.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and closely wrapped around the center.
the flower has large pink petals with a thick pedical.
there are many ruffled vibrant pink rounded petals blooming from a bud with no visible stamen.

a flower with layered pink and red petals stacked on top of each other
the flower is tall in size and is shaped like a stalk and is red in color.
this pink and red flower has multiple petals. it resembles a cone. the green foliage has broad leaves.
a red flower with a lot of little red petals rising up in a column.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are stacked on top of each other.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has red petals in the shape of a pine cone with green large leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower is made up of many rows of red pointy petals that get smaller closer to the pistil.

this flower has a white petal and one long yellow stigma
this flower has a single large white petal with a yellow stigma.
this flower has one large tubular petal that curls around the spiked reproductive area.
this flower is white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a protruding yellow pollen tube surrounded by a smooth, pointed white petal.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a green pedicel that grows wider at the top with yellow petals and a single yellow stamen.
a flower with one large and curved petal that is white.
this flower has a yellow stamen with a thick and tapered white petal.
this flowers pedicel increases in girth has it nears the stigma.

the flower has purple petals that are thick and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with stringy purple stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a layer of light purple petals on the bottom and a layer of very thin and long petals on top.
this flower has rounded purple petals along with a matching purple wavy stamen.
this flower has hair like purple petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is made up of a row of elongated green petals under a row of needle like petals.
this is a purple flower with curvy petals and a prominent yellow pistil.

a flower with red petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has petals that are red with just a hint of white
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
a bright red wavy petaled flower with a cone shaped middle.
this flower has a rose colored petal with green sepal as well
this flower has overlapping layers of smooth, rounded red petals which curl slightly.
this reddish flower has many smooth densely gathered petals that are of varying sizes.
this flower has jagged red petals that swirl up together
a red flower with more petals and long green pedicel
this flower is characterized by deep red petals which are smaller toward the middle and become larger the farther out they go.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
kind of a cross looking flower with white petals that are two different shapes and a purple center
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with small lilac petals and dark petal in the center
this flower has large petals that are white with purple shading
this flower has a dark purple center petal and large white outer petals.
this flower has smooth white petals surrounding a fluted bell-shaped purple center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are a very light purple.
there is a single ring of long, white petals and a center tube which is white on the outside and purple/ yellow on the inside.
this flower has a star shaped head with white petals and skinny green leaves.

a white and yellow veiny flower with star shaped petals and tiny stamen.
the petals on this flower are white with yellowish veins
this star-shaped flower has white petals with lime-green veins leading to the flower's pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has yellow anthers and a white star-shaped petal with curly edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of yellow
this flower has four white, triangular petals distinguished by a green pistil.
this white flower has thin jagged petals with five sides.

a violet cup of a flower with a full-length stamen with a small white tuft at the end.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has a large bright purple petal that gives it a trumpet like appearance.
this flower has purple petals that point straight up with yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals and green sepal as its main features
this flower is made up of violet colored petals on a fuzzy pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this is a purple flower where the petals curve up in a bell shape with a white pistil.
a cone shaped flower with tall purple petals cupping a star shaped stamen.

white flower on top of a sturdy looking stem. tips of the flower are purple with flecks of purple on each petal.
the flower consists of round, red and white petals arranged close together, with a prominent pistil keeping them intact.
this lovely flower has rounded white petals with magenta tips and spots, a very thick pedicel and green stem.
this flower has large green pedicle and sepals, and numerous ruffled white feathers with dark pink edges.
the petals are white and has red borders and red dots.
a flower with white and purple petals on top of a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are white with pink tips and the pedicel is green
this flower has white splotched petals with red at the edges.
this flower has many ruffled white petals with red tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edhes

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval.
this simple, symmetrical flower is composed of long, narrow petals that are rounded at the ends, with bright yellow stamens in a circle in the center.
this white flower has oval leaves that sit on top of each other and bright yellow stamen in the center.
the small white flower has many white colored petals with yellow pistil and stamen
this round white flower has stacked petals and a bright yellow stamen.
long white finger shaped overlapping petals with a yellow center.
this flower opens wide with many long white petals around a yellow center.
this flower has a yellow circular center with an array of thin white oval shaped petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower is downward pointing and has a bright yellow pistil area.
this flower has thick violet petals as its main feature.
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamen with yellow anthers on it
a flower with lavender petals and orange pistils in the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval in shape.
this flower has 5 lavender to white petals with yellow anthers.
this flower has 5 pink and white non-uniform petals with a hairy yellow and maroon pistil, which has a light green circular center.
this flower has white petals with inner pink coloring and a yellow stamen.
this flower has five soft rounded white petals with pale pink centers.
this flower has white and pink petals that have yellow stamen

this round pink flower is made of of many dense, oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and overlapping with pink stamen.
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has ,may light pink colored petals wuth balck colores stigma and anthers
this flower has wide spead open petals a soft pink
this flower has a brown center and layers of long, rounded pink petals.
a flat light pink flower with a black center and a pink stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen
this flower has layers of light pink oblong petals fashioned in a ray-formation.

this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spikey.
the flower has shark and pointy petals with a green pedicel
a flower with towering conical pistil and ragged blue petals.
this flower has spiky green and purple petals and stamen which point sharply outwards in multiple directions.
the flower has many petals that are thin white and green.
this unusual flower has a large green stigma in the middle with green spiky petals surrounding it.
this flower is green and white in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has thin spiky green and blue petals with a very large and thick pistil.
this flower has green and white sticky looking petals to it
this flower has petals that are purple and pointy at the ends

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the outer flower petals are green and dark purple,the inner petals are purple in color
the flower has purple and green petals with thin purple petals in the middle.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has a single outer layer of alternating lavender and white long petals and a single row of long dark purple petals, with many yellow stamen coming from the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has purple stamen
a flower with long and pointed petals that alternate purple and blue.
this purple has alternating light and dark purple petals and a large light green stamen.
this flower is white, pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple and green petals under a thick spiky purple fringe.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this is a large flower with pink petals and white stigma.
this flower has two purple ovaries with white stigmas and bright purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery white stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
the flower has soft pink petals and two small white stems in the middle.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has purple leaf-like petals with veins surrounding tiny white inner blossoms.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma

the flower petals are purple in color and the anthers arelarger in size
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this large-blossomed flower has ruffled purple feathers and smooth green leaves.
this flower has a large purple petal and a bright yellow anther filament
this flower has petals that are pale pink with dark pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are very light purple in color.
these flowers have pale purple petals with a petal that has yellow and a darker purple coloring.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple spot
a group of light purple flower with a multicolored stigma in center.
this flower has a large pink petal scheme with slightly ruffled edges.

this flower has green pistil and drooping purple petals as its main features
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with green stamen.
this flower has lavender petals that are pointy, with brown, pointy stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
the flower has a large brown center with long skinny petals that are pink in color.
this flower has a bulbous brown and green center and tapered pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.

this flower has purple petals that overlap and have a stripe down the center.
this flower has purple petals, white anther and filament, and green sepal.
this flower features a prominent ovary covered in white stamen surrounded by layers of elongated white petals with a purple stripe up the middle.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker striped in the centers.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the stamen in disc like manner
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with multi colored petals.
a flower with long and narrow leaves that are white with a purple streak.
this flower has eight petals in a circle that are light pink with purple stripes down the center of each petal.
white anther located in the center of purple and white petals are this flowers main feature.

this flower has small white petals with long white stamen in the center
the flower has small white petals with white stamen and a green pedicel
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has numerous thin white stamen surrounded by five wide white petals with tapered edges.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
there are light white oval pedals with long white and brown-tipped stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has long stamen
this bloom is has small delicate white petals and long stamen.

the petals of this flower are white and orange with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with patches of red
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and also this unique flower has each petals supported by their corresponding pedicel
this flower is white and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
the flower shown has white petals with red markings and yellow pistil
this flower has five round, pale yellow petals which have bright red splash-like centers.
this flower has cream colored petals with an orange spot on each petal, and yellow stamen.
there are five round leaves which are mostly white, with jagged areas of red toward the center of the flower.
the 5 round, white petals on this plant have a small spot of red on the part of the petal nearest the stamen.
the five white petals of this flower are adorned with orange starbursts.

the flower has petals that are pale pink with pink filaments.
this white flower has small round petals toward it's center which get larger towards the outer edge.
this flower has a bunch of small white flowers with pink stamen
the petals of this flower are purple with long stigma
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are small and oval shaped.
this flower has numerous small petals that are lavender and white in color.
this flower has small white petals with white stemmed stamen in thee center of them.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and are bunched together
this flower has a lot of small white petals and are grouped in a puff.

this flower has a small central white blossom surrounded by several large, pointed pink petals with leaflike veins.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this is a flower that has both bright pink petals and stamen.
this flower has a large pink petal and no visible outer stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are small.
a purple wavy flower with a large white stigma in the center.
this flower has purple veined, tapered leaves with tiny white central blossoms.
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple.
this flower is made up of magenta leaf shaped petals and a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma

the pedicel has a single flower which is red and white.
this flower has petals that are red with white lines
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has red and white petals, and several with anthers.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has red petals with a white stripe down the middle and long green and white stamen
this flower has multicolored petals that are red with white markings and they curl downward away from the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stripes
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red, with stripes of white throughout the petals.

the pistil is white and is very noticeable, and the petals are purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very skinny like strings.
the flower shown has green sepal and lots of purple and white anther
the rounded and notched bright green leaves of this plant surround a vibrant purple bloom that features curling lavender petals, rounded lavender sepals, and a tall, white pistil.
this purple flower has two different types of petals, one type is stink like and the others are oval shaped.
this flower has large purple petals and a white pistil.
this flower has many purple petals as well as some strange curly hair-like whitish-purple things.
purple string like petals above another wider purple set. bright yellow pistil and stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has stringy purple petals and a green pedicel.

the purple petals are of a lilac color blending into a center of deep purple while the stamen and style vary in shades of purple.
the plant has outer petals that are green purple in color with outer petals that are spiky and needle shpaed
this flower has large green stamen and pistil surrounded by a purple fringe and white petals with rounded tips.
the flower is purple with a green stem and green leaves.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, with oval shaped petals.
this unique purple flower has a layer of flat pedals and a layer of thin squiggly pedals.
purple petals in a star pattern with a layer of squiggly hair looking purple stamen surrounding a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower has pink petals that have long and stringy stamen
a purple flower with the pink filament and stamen and the pedicel and leaves are green

leaves are green in color,petals are overlapping and white in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
this flower has a wide green center surrounded by layers of long, very thin white petals with pointed tips.
this flower has dozens of pale yellow thin petals; the center parts of the flower are green.
the petals of this flower are pastel yellow, while they become orange toward the center and surround bright green stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very thin
the petals on this flower are mostly light yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
this flower has long pointed yellow petals with a dark stigma and yellow anthers.

this flower has many long thick pink petals with white center
a flower with pink petals and no visible pistils or anther filaments.
this flower has pointed pink petals that layer upwards and are light colored toward the center.
this flower has petals that are red with pointy edges
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has star patterned red petals blossoming out of greens leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
a purple and white colored flower with long spiked pedals.
this flower has pink petals that more closely resemble leaves, it also has no stamens or pedical.
the pedicel is green with many pointy, overlapping pink petals wrapping around it.

the flower shown has white petals with yellow and purple coloring
this flower has petals that are pink with purple and yellow lines
this strange looking flower has colorful petals and looks like a bug
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of the flower vary in size and the stigma is visible.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has rounded pink petals with smooth edges and accents of white and yellow.
this flower has petals that have a color combination of pink,white, yellow, and brown.
pale lavender petals with yellow lines running through them and oblong petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow and purple lines

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the flower petals are whit in color and rounded in shape with larger anthers
this flower has a large white petal and a white stigma in the middle
this flower has large, irregularly shaped white petals with smooth accents and yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are white with white stigma.
this flower has wide and very smooth white petals with yellow central accents.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
this flower has three white clam shaped petals and two elongated white petals.
this flower has smooth white petals of varied shapes and sizes.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and a dark green pedicel.

this trumpet shaped flower has soft connected white petals with pointed tips.
this flower has broad large white petals that fold backwards from the center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are open flat.
the flower shown has a flat smooth white petal with green sepal
this is a large round single petaled trumpet shaped flower that is white.
this flower has conjoined white petals which are soft and very smooth.
a flat white flower with many petals and green pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has a single petal that is horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and is satellite shaped
this flower has a very large white funnel shaped petal.

this flower has a tight grouping of twisted fuchsia petals with a light brown pedicel.
the flower has purple petals smooth with a brown pedicel
the pretty flower has a lot of long thin purple petals.
the flower has petals that point upward and are bright fuchsia in color and are on a brown stalk.
this flower has many bright pink petals standing upwards
this flower is made up of elongate pink petals that surround the pistil and stamen.
a group of flowers that are bright purple in color.
this flower has smooth purple petals arranged tightly together in an upright position.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and are fodled upwards

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has purple petals and green pedicel as its main features
a purple flower with spiraled petals and a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are pink, and overlap one another.
the petals on this flower are purple and tissue like
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded in shape.
this flower has purple leaves, a light purple ovule and green receptacle.
this flower has a small green sepal, a white receptacle, and large light purple petals.
this flower has large bright purple petals and a small sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and is folded together

this strange looking flower has white , purple and green petals with a bumble bee.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines and flowery stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are white with burgundy centers and many white stamen.
petals are white greeen in color,anthers are many and are larger
a white, purple, and gray flower that has a dark purple center.
this flower has many buds overlapping white petals with pointed edges
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and green on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
the petals on this flower are mostly white-green, while white is the color of the stamen.

a flower with small thin yellow petals and central pentacle cluster of yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has large and skinny yellow petals and yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
a large light yellow small pedaled flower and golden center stigma.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals with large yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a ray-like arrangement of extremely thin bright yellow petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and long.
this bright yellow flower has an outer row of very thin petals.
this flower has yellow petals and a yellow-fanned stigma.
flower has many narrow petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has long skinny yellow petals, and a yellow center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has yellow center and a fringe of very thin yellow hair-like petals.
the anthers form a wide, yellow circle in the middle of the flower with long and skinny petals that look like spikes surrounding it.
the flower has several thin long petals that are yellow.
this flower has very many long skinny yellow petals in a ray-like arrangement.

the flower shown has a bright blue petal with white pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are blue with patches of green
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovule.
a blue flower with a green and yellow pollen tube with a brown pedicel.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a pistil that is yellow in color.
this flower has bright blue petals with green shading and dark spots along with a prominent white pistil.
this flower has a cone like shape with blue petals, the pistil is in the center with a yellow style and a green stigma.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow style
this flower has a wide-mouthed trumpet shape and curling blue petals.
this flower has bright blue petals in a bell shape, with green and black spots inside.

a multiple white pedaled flower with a yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color with green stems and have a yellow center.
this flower has white smooth semi pointed petalas that are small in size .
the flower has solid white petals on the top and sides but no bottom petals and yellow stamen.
flat white soft looking petals with yellow pollen tubes near petals that have not sprouted.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white and the pedicel is green
this white flower has three spade shaped petals and a fourth curled petal that contains a yellow pistil.

a purple and white veiny flower with rounded petals and a green pedicel.
a purple petal flower where the pistil is not visible.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin and wavy.
some light purple, thin petals are arranged in a straight orientation with a green pedicel.
this flower has purple on the petals with a green pedicel
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has pale purple petals which are upturned and delicate.
this flower has purple petals and a light green pedicele .
this flower has tiny green sepals that hold the large upright purple petals.
this flower has petals that are puple and is folded upwards

this round flower has many pointed thin purple petals which protrude in all directions.
this flower has hundred of tiny purple petals that form in clusters and create a sphere-like structure around the ovule.
the petals on this flower are really spiky and are purple
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the petals of this flower are indigo and the pedicel is white
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower has a globe-type of shape that has very many small blue petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are pointy.
this flower has a spike-shaped petal structure and a white pedicel.

the flower has long pollen tubes that are green and oval shaped white leaves.
these flowers have white sepals and thin receprecale with small white petals around a tube-like opening.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigma
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a small white flower in the center.
this flower is white and green in color, with star shaped petals.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
a flower with leaves that are pointed and white.
this flower has white petals and has green stamen and flowery stigma
this flower a leaf shaped white petals with a large white stigma.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
a flower with light purple bell shaped petals and no visible pistils.
the petals have a very distinct look with light purple petals that have spots on the inside.
the flowers are alternately shaped with light pink petals that have brown spots on the inside
this flower has several wide pink bell shaped flowers with rounded, curled edges arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted.
a flower with pink petals that form a bell shape that have black speckles.
this flower has a large number of pink bell shaped petals with dark spots.
a flower with tube shaped petal that is purple.

this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
these lavender petals are long and tapered and surround long lavender anthers and filaments on this flower.
long filaments hold tiny anther on this dainty pink flower.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink abd very thin
this flower has long thin stamen at the center of a sparse configuration of light pink skinny petals.
this flower has long pink and white petals with long pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are purple with white and pink center
this flower is blue and pink in color, with petals that are light in the center.
this flower has petals that are either blue or purple and a white center.
this bright blue flower is trumpet shaped with ruffled petals which are conjoined and bell slightly outwards.
flowers are blue and purple in color,they are both capsule sgaped
flower at the end of a vine-like plant, with purple and deep blue petals, white pistil, green pedicel.
these flowers have blue and purple petals with small stamen in the center of it.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
this flower has a wide rounded trumpet shape with blue and purple coloring.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
these large red flowers are made of layers of thin petals.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
the flower has red petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered on top of each other.
this flower has red petals that overlap each other, the stamen seem to be clustered in the center.
this red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with white anthers.
this flower has large red petals and large white stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
this flower has multiple layers of bright red petals that have rounded edges and yellow stamen.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
there are four petals on this flower each with ruffles on the edges and are yellow
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are bright yellow which gradually turns to orange which is the same color as the stamen.
this flower has four distinct small petals which fade from orange to yellow at the tips.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a darker yellow color towards the middle.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are yellow.
this flower consists of four separate broad petals that are yellow at the edges and begins darkening to gold halfway toward the center. where numerous gold pistils are bunched up.
this flower consists of four separate broad petals that are yellow at the edges and begins darkening to gold halfway toward the center. where numerous gold pistils are bunched up.

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several large, overlapping white petals with ruffled edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this pretty little flower has large white petals and a yellow center
the flower shown has a smooth white petal with yellow stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
a white pedal flower with a golden stigma in center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and thin.
a flower with white petals that surrounding many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has a yellow stamen and dense, ruffled pedals that overlap

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around clustered stamens
this flower has petals that are thin and yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shapes.
this flower has long skinny yellow flowers and yellow stigma in the center of it
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the flower has many yellow petals with flat tip ends
this flower has a rounded mass of yellow hairs and long, thin yellow petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright yellow.
there are so many pointy overlapping yellow petals on this round shaped flower.

this flower is light orange in color, with petals that are wavy and have veins.
this flower has large orange petals and anthers that are orange in color
this flower has a prominent pistil surrounded by large rounded peach petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
this flower has big floppy orange petals and think red stamen.
the petals of this flower are peach colored and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has large, overlapping pale orange petals with a large red and white pistil.
a flower with long and wide petals that are a light orange.
this flower has rounded orange petals that form a cup arrangement around its red stigma.

this flower has petals that are red with a small wtigma
the sepal and pedicels are a dark green. the flower pedals have a delicate appearance.
this flower has petals which range in color from dark pink to light orange and has yellow stamen in the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are connected to eachother.
the flower shown has round red petals which are its main feature
this flower has petals that are red and has a white center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
these flowers have round pink petals with smooth edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has mossy green sepal underneath the large flat purple petals.
this flower has a rounded trumpet shape and is a bright red color.

this flower has large green and red sepals surrounding several long, pointed yellow petals which angle upwards.
this flower is yellow, pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very tiny
this flower has long orange petals and no visible stamen on it
the tropical flower has blooms that are yellow in color with pointed petals.
these yellow pointy petals are mounted have long purple pistil mounted in the middle.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a pointed pollen tube surrounded by stamen.
this oddly-shaped flower has petals which are bright yellow, light purple, and bright pink.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower is yellow, purple, and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.

the flower shown has red petals and yellow pistil which are its main features
this waxy red flower has a heart shape and a long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
this flower is red and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a long yellow stamen and one red waxy petal.
high sheen red leaf like petal with a long yellow corn cobb stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a shiny, red, heart-shaped petal with a long, yellow stamen and green heart-shaped leaves.
this flower has a large thick yellow pistil with a large red petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style

this flowers grows in clusters, has light pink petals and long wiry filaments.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and irregularly arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are pink and very tiny
the flower is purple in color and the stamen are thin stalks.
this flower has soft pink petals and some deep red petals that have not yet blossomed.
this flower has a dark red stem and pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded outwards
this flower has soft whispy looking pink petals with a darker base.
a flower with short and wide ptals that are pale pink.

this flower has a lot of bright yellow petals with a yellow anther in it
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are wilted.
the flower has yellow petals with white stamen and a green pedicel
the petals are larger and yellow in color with rounded shape while the anthers are lrger and white in color
the flower has small golden and red petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a white stamen
this flower's petals are a magnificent shade of gold with some orange tinges on the outermost edges while the shapes of the petals are large and rich in symmetry.
the petals are bright yellow, broad, occasionally tipped in red, and surround small white stamen.
this flower has bright orange petals with splashes of red throughout them and a light yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped .

this flower has five petals that are orange, two of the petals are red veined.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are ruffled and red near the center.
this flower has pale orange colored petals that are a darker orange at the petals base.
the rounded petals of this flower are orange traced with red at the center and the plentiful filaments and large fuzzy anthers are a matching orange.
this flower has large orange petals and a green stamen with orange anther in the middle
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has bright petals that are yellow with orange markings.
this flower has a red-orange set of petals, an orange pistil, and yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are orange and the pedicel is a dark green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stigma

the red flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around pistil
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and ruffled.
the flower has a long red pollen tube and thin petals that are red.
this flower has one red large rounded petal with a red and yellow stamen.
this five petal flower is entirely a vibrant red color, except for some spots of yellow at the top of the stigma.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has five rounded and very large petals in a dark red shade.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the flower is orange and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen forming a disc like shape
this flower has petals that are orange with red stamen
the flower has petals that are dark orange, overlapping with orange stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
flower with long, bight orange petals on a green leafy stem
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
the petals of the flower are short and thin and are bright orange in color.
the flower has many tiny overlapping petals in a beautiful red orange color with plenty of green foliage surrounding it which is the back drop to make these flower appear even more vibrant.
this brilliant orange flower has a multitude of petals. the stamen are small and appear to be a dark color.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are orange, redish petals.

this flower has star shaped red petals as its main feature.
the petals on this flower are red in color with greenish stamen.
the flower has different sizes of petals, and in the center there are several anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with line imprints
this flower is red in color, with petals that are leaf like
the petals on this flower are very bright red with green anther in the center.
this flower has very bright red leaves whose tips are very pointed.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green center
this flower is red and green in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has dark red petals and balls of red and yellow stamen.

the petals on this flower are pink with white stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow pistil and pink petals as its main features
this flower is bright pink with purple lines on its petals and yellow stamen.
these flowers have lavender petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
a pink flower made of thin, broad petals that sport dark pink veins and lightens in the center of the flower, where there are white pistils and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow spots
the petals of the flower are broad in shape and pink in color.
this flower has large fan shaped lavender petals surrounding a yellow and white pistil.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this bunch of yellow flowers is comprised of individual flowers with yellow petals, a yellow stigma and light green sepals.
this cluster of small yellow flowers has five rounded petals.
this flower has many small flowers in a cluster, all of which have yellow petals.
the flower has petals of an orange color with no obvious pistil.
this flower has yellow and orange petals atop a light green pedicel.
this flower has small yellow heart-shaped petals which gradate to orange.
a large flower with golden and orange coloration with green stems.
the flower is five heart shaped yellow petals with orange highlights.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading

a multi flower with color, with red, yellow and pink
this flower has a red petals which have yellow tips.
the flower is made of elongated petals that are orange with yellow tips.
this flower has groups of long think red petals with yellow tips around a center of yellow, red and brown stamen.
this flower features a large red yellow centered ovary surrounded by elongated red leaves with yellow tips.
this flower has narrow petals with two points on each and are pink with yellow tips.
this flower, being suckled by a bee is a nice rounded arrangement of pedals. it's sepal area is very wide and noticeable.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has yellow tip that is gradually getting reddish brown towards the center and also the petals are arranged in disc like manner around stamens
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow tip
this flower has a single layer of red petals with yellow tips arranged in a ring

the flower has white sepal with purple and green pollen tubes
this flower has large green stamen and pistil surrounded by a purple fringe and white petals with rounded tips.
this flower has long white petals and long purple stamen in the middle
the white and purple flower has waxy leaves.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals and large purple, white, and blue stamen.
this flower has white and purple petals and a green pedicel
this flower is white, blue, and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals that has long stringy and purple stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this large orange bushy flower has clusters of small orange petals.
the flower shown has orange petals as well as green sepal
the flower is a furry cone of orange and yellow, shiny, on top of a bundle of pale green leaves, with no traditional petals, pistils, or stamens visible.
this flower features green leaves surrounding a lush, red or yellow interior.
this flower has a cone shaped configuration made up of many yellow or orange petals.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are orange and are bunched together
the petals of the flower are orange in color and the leaves are green in color.
this unique flower looks like orange and yellow crystals sitting on the bright green sepals

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the flower is yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and needle like and also arranged around stamens
this flower has yellow pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
the petals are yellow with anthers appearing as white.
this flower has petals that are yellow and verythin
this flower has thin yellow petals and a bright orange pistil.
this flower has many long thing petals that are yellow and needle like.
there are pale yellow pedals that form needle like off the plant. the stamen and stigma are a pale yellow.
this flower has petals that areyellow and very stringy
this flower has hundreds of pointy needle like yellow petals surrounding the yellow stamens.

a flower with reddish orange petals accompanied by light brown anther filaments.
the flower has larger outer petals and smaller inner petals that are brown in color
the flower has peach petals with yellow patches and green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has large light red petals and a few white stamen in the center
there are many pedicel with green leaves, pink petals and light red bottom petals.
the orange petals have red veins and the stamens are small and yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this is a flower with wide and short petals that are curled.
salmon colored round petals with veins of dark pink throughout all combined in the center with a pale yellow pistol and pollen tube.

the flower petals are closely parked and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has an abundance of tiny yellow petals that are layered around each other.
these flowers have yellow petals with many narrow green sepals.
this flower has a rounded shape comprised of numerous small, ruffled yellow petals.
a group of yellow puff ball shaped flowers with green leaves attached.
this flower has a rounded mound of small and ruffled yellow petals.
this flower has a dense amount of small yellow petals and a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has a large number of tubular yellow petals that create a globe-shape.

the flower has oval shaped petals that are pink in color on the outer surface and white on the inner
this flower has several concentric layers of petals that are pink on the outside and white on the inside, and the petals are clustered together at the center and more spread out in the outer layers
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are cirled inward.
the flower has pink and white petals in a cluster that gradually unfolds.
the petals of the flower are pink and have green leaves.
this flower has pink pedals arranged in circular shape with a touch of white.
a large pedaled flower with a bright purple and white coloration.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals that are folded together upwards

the center of the flower are made of thin filaments that purple in color.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has many petals that are thin and lavender.
there are alot of stamen with dark sepal.
this flower is purple and brown in color, with petals that are wrapped upward.
this flower has dark purple petals and a large lavender colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this flower has many narrow thin purple petals, and large succulent leaves.
this flower has a dense amount of purple petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has purple stamen and is surrounded by thick textured purple and brown petals.

the flower has a drooping yellow petal with green sepal
this drooping flower has green stamen surrounding several layers of papery, veined yellow petals.
this flower has large yellow petals and a green pedicel attached to it
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are curved downward.
the flower has petals that are drooping and pale yellow with green pedicel.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has drooping pale yellow petals with thin skin and veins.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wilting.
this flower has a green sepal and light yellow petals with brighter yellow stamens.
this flower has large yellow petals, a skinny pedicel, and a fairly large sepal.

this flower has a large white pistil surrounded by a textured red petal with a pointy tip.
this flower has petals that are red with a long stigma
the pedals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
the flower shown has a white pistil with a large red petal
a large shiny heart shaped petal surrounding a long pink colored pistil at it's center.
a flower with bright red petals and a multi colored stamen.
this flower has a single large red petal and a very thick and upright white pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is red, white, and green in color, with a single shiny petal.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
this flower has several large, wide red petals with slight ruffling.
the flower shown has papery light red petals as its main feature.
this red flower has four petals stand on a long thin leafless pedicel
this flower has petals that are red with a ruffled texture
this flower is red in color, with wrinkled and wavy petals.
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
four orange petals facing both towards the inside and outside of the flower on a stem with no leaves.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has a skinny, fuzzy stem with a smooth green receptacle and wrinkled orange petals.

this flower has very long, narrow, spiky petals that come to a sharp point and are colored yellow and seem to turn purple when they wither.
this flower has spiky orange petals and no stigma on the outside
this bird of paradise has bright yellow and purple pointed petals that emerge from a horizontal pedicel.
the flower has sharply petals color purple and yellow, some petals are withered.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this bird shaped flower has long, narrow orange and purple petals.
this flower has a horizontal pedicel and stem with sharply pointed upright orange petals.
this flower is orange, blue, and green in color, and has petals that are pointed.
the flower pedals looks like colored leaves that are yellow and purple.
this flower has petals that are orange and purple and thin

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is made of white petals and thin filaments with yellow anthers attached.
this flower has a white petal, and a lot of yellow anthers on it
the flower shown has a smooth white petal with yellow anther
this flower has protruding stamen with yellow anthers surrounded by long, white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a wheel-like pattern of small, white oblong petals with yellow stamen at the center.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a large white flower with six white petals surrounding light green stamen with yellow anther filament.

the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
the petals of the flower are round and bell-shaped as well as a light blue color.
this flower has petals that are blue and folded together
green stem, with what appears to be blueberries glued to the green stem.
a flower with tube shaped petals that are blue with white tips.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
this flowers has round pebble like pebbles with open edges clustered together.
the flower is made of layers of berries that are blue in color and they are attached to a thick green stalk.
this flower has a small rounded blue grape shape and a white mouth.

the petals of this flower are blue and white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with blue stamen
this flower has black, white, and purple petals along with green stigma.
ouyter petals are white in color,inner petalsa re needle shaped
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a plum colored stamen, purple and white anther filaments and white broad petals.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
there is a layers of white oval petals under a layer of bristle like blue and white petals in star pattern surrounding prominent green stamen and a purple pistil.
the sepal is light blue and the petals are spikey, ranging in color from grey, black, white and blue from the center of the flower to the end of the petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has blue stamen

the purple and white flowers contain long stamen.
this pale pink flower is trumpet like in shape and has several long stamen in the center, giving it a delicate appearance.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower shown has pink petals and stamen along with green pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink with long stigma
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has pink and very thin and has green stigma
this flower has long stamens and pink petals.
this flower has long thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
this flower has light pink petals with long pink stamens.

the petals of the flower are pointed in shape and have an inner layer that is red in color.
a large fire work shaped flower with reddish yellow petals, yellow stamen and a white stigma.
this flower is yellow ad black in color, with petals that are striped in the center.
this flower has long yellow petals with red stripes and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has two rows of pointed yellow, orange and black petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner around yellow stamens
this flower has yellow petals, each with a dark red stripe down the center.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches and dark lines
the petals on this flower are pink with brown and yellow.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with yellow markings on them
the flower has pink and green stamen with pink and yellow petals.
this flower has faint pink oval shaped petal with black and yellow markings on some.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
this flower has petals that are pink and yellow and has dark lines
a flower with long and narrow petal that are pink.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are connected.
this flower has a bright red petals that are wide with a long pedicel
a red flower with large petals and white stamen in the center.
the flower has red large petals with green stems and long petals
the flower has large, flat red petals and dark green sepals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a white center
this flower has wide and slightly conjoined red petals with heart-shaped edges.
this flower has a red petals, have a rounded edge, as well as white coloration at the center of the petals, it has a green pedicel and sepal as well.
this flower has very bright red petals with a center that gradients to a white color.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has layers of red petals around green sepals.
this soft red flower has many overlapping petals at the center they wrap tightly around each other.
this a flower with red petals and green sepal.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped together.
the flower petals are alternately arranged and the petals are red in color
the petals of this flower are bright pink and are arranged in several layers around the stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrapped around the center.
this flower has red and are folded upwards in a swirl
this deep salmon flower has overlapping petals arranged in a rosette fashion and deep green foliage.
this flower has small green sepals and bright pink petals with rounded edges

the flower is inverted and forming bell shape with petals that are separately arranged around the pedicel
this flower has petals that are drooping and light green with white spots.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the petals of the flower are yellow and green in color.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
the flower has large bell shaped petals in a green and white tint which are drooping.
this flower has downward facing blossoms that are white with green veins and markings.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
the flower has oval petals that are green and white.

the flower has many small yellow petals and a yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a group of long stigmas
this flower has several overlapping layers of long, very thin yellow petals that protrude in multiple directions.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this a pale yellow flower with long petals that almost looks like a sunflower
this bright yellow flower features stringy petals surrounding a large pistil.
this is a bright round yellow flower with long singular petals.
this flower has long skinny yellow petals that puff out in all directions.
this flower has long yellow flat petals with a yellow stamen.

the petals are needle shaped and are yellow in color
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with stringy stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered and skinny.
the spherical yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately and densely arranged on top of the pedicel
bright yellow center stamen surrounded by thin long matching yellow petals with a shaggy look.
this flower has a rounded mound of very thin yellow petals and hairs.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has many thin, long yellow petals bunched like a pom-pom and perched atop a slender, green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and ruffled.

this flower has green stamen with long red anthers surrounded by yellow petals surrounded with red dots.
this orange flower has the simple row of petals dotted with brown inside and has the prominent red stamens at the center
this flower has petals that are orange with red spots
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this vibrant orange flower with large stamen and spots on the leaves face the ground as the petals curl upward.
this flower has long orange petals with red dots which curl backwards slightly.
this yellow and red flower has pointed petals red anthers and a green pedicel.
the pedals curl backwards with speckled dots on a yellowish background with protruding center.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots

this flower has petals that are pink with many short stamen
this flower has many down-turned, thin, long pink petals that lead to a round pistil area filled with many orange stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has pinkish , purple petals with orange and yellow buds.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a long pedicel with pink flower and green and yellow pistils
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
the stigma are yellow and green, the petals are a pinkish color.
this flower has a round center and down-turned thin pink petals.
this pink flower has faded, thin pink petals that are almond shaped and a spikey orange/yellow/green pistil.

this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this is a round shaped flower with bright red petals.
the flower has petals that are upright and red with purple stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has a small center pod surrounded by wide red petals.
the large orange-red petals form a cup around the small purple stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big stigma
this flower has a large breddish-orange bowl shaped leaf with small stamens in the center.
this flower has bright red petals with a thick white pistil and thin black stamen.

the yellow flower is made mostly of petals all in one bunch with a bottom bunch of leaflets.
this is an odd shaped flower with stubby orange petals and green leafs.
the blooms of the flower are bright yellow in color and have green leaves.
a simple pile of orange flowers with very small petals and stamen
this flower features a dense set of stamen, yellow in appearance, with green leaves.
a flower that is surround by green leaves that are pointed.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has yellow petals that are small and bunched together
the petals of the flower are very small, and the petals of the flower are a vibrant orange color.
a basic green outer flower with a large golden center.

the pistill is yellow and white with reddish layered petals.
the flower has congested petals that are small, round and bright red.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and red, with yellow stamen.
this flower contains multiple layers of bright red petals surrounding a grouping of stamens that resemble small wisps.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
pale red, medium sized, round petals with thin white filament and yellow anthers.
a red curvy flower with a golden stigma in center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this is a pink flower with overlapping petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.

the flower has a bowl shaped petal that is white and a large pollen tube.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected.
this trumpet shaped flower has a large white pollen tube surrounded by conjoined white petals which curl slightly outwards.
a flower with light blue petals and light blue pistils in the center.
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
this flower has white, connected petals that curve inward toward the center, where long white anther protrude.
this flower has petals that are white and has a satellite shape
this trumpet shaped flower is white with white stamen sticking out from the center.
this flower has one connected white petal that surrounds the white stamen.
this flower has tall thin white stamen and a large white petal with a smooth texture.

a pinwheel-like purple pedaled flower with a yellow and white stigma.
the flower shown has purple petals and a white pollen tube.
the flowers has purple petals and a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spiral shaped.
this flower has spiraling layers of pale purple petals around a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a white pistil, yellow stamen, and light purple petals in a spiral arrangement.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and aligned in a spiral.
a flower with long and curly petals that are purple.

this flower is white nd pink in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
this is a light colored beautiful flower with many petals.
a large cluster of four petaled and fringed pale pink petals are held at the top of a plant.
a flower with large ragged white petals and long thin white stamen.
this flower has a lot of white petals with outer ridges and a long pink stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has four white petals with fringed edges and a long white pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and are bunched together
this flower has wide white petals with a pink tint and serrated edges.
the white four petal blossoms form a flat cover over the top of the leaves.

the flower has petals that are pink on the bottom and white on top.
this flower has petals that are pink with whit eedges
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petal shape of this pink and white flower gives it the look of a squid
this flower has white and pink petals with purple pedicel as its main features
this flower has deep pink stems with lighter pink sepals leading up to a trumpet shaped petal.
this white and pink colored flower has rounded petals and white and yellow stamen.
this flower has white and pink petals and a very long green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the petals of this flower are purple and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that have striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow and black lines
this flower has two purple petals, two lavender petals and two yellow petals.
the flower shown has bright purple and yellow petals which is its dominant feature
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
flowers are plants reproductive organ (sepals, carpels, stamens, ovary, pistins).
this flower is blue, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with colorful flower that have rounded tips.
this flower has five purple lavender and yellow petals with darker purple stripes.

this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
this lavender flower bud is surrounded by thorny sepals on a stout stem without leaves.
the petals are green in color, the stamens are many and are purple in color
this flower has a numerous amount of thin purple petals and is surrounded by denser green petals.
this flower has layers of pointed green sepals surrounding a wide fringe of hairlike purple petals.
the petals are light purple and are tiny and stringy and the pedicel is green.
this flower has spiky thick green leaves around a fringe of purple.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has hundreds of long purple squiggle needle petals.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that approval shaped.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and red with yellow stamen.
the petals are overlapping each other with yellow anthers being seen.
this flower has bright red petals and yellow anther as its main features
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong petals.
medium sized, bright red petals and many yellow anthers.
this flower has bright red petals and a small green pedicel
this flower has a darker center and yellow stamen, with bright red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are white and peach with white filaments.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have small veins.
the petals are light yelloww colored with white colored filamnent and large green anthers
this flower has peach petals with shite stripes and long thing white stamen with green tips.
this flower has a light pink petal, a long white stamen, and yellow anthers on it
the coral colored petals extend out horizontally along with the long and slender stamen that curl upwards.
this flower has peach petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
there are fine red and white stripes on pointed petals, and stamen with white filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower has pink and white petals with very prominent white stamen and stigma.

the pink petals are swirled with white surrounding yellow and pink stamen.
this flower has a large pink petal and a large pink stigma in the middle
this is a flattish flower with large red petals and yellow anthers
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are shiny.
the flower petals are rounded and pink in color
this flower has five wide and rounded pink petals which are thick and veined.
this flower has pinking red petals with numerous yellowish anthers extending from the stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are red.
this flower has bright pink petals with smooth edges and a wrinkled texture.

the flower has petals that are large and pale pink with a dark pink center.
a flower with large folded over pink and red petals and green sepals and green pedicel.
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
the leaves are dark green in color with white alternately arranged petals
the flower has a smooth white petal with dark purple on the lower part of the petal
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are darker near the bottom.
the petals are a pink so light it is almost white on the largest surface area but are dark pink to red closest to the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
the petals of the flower are white and magenta and the pedicel is green
this white flower has only a few loose petals, with a cluster at the center, and a base of dark red.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple and yellow lines
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have stripes that are maroon.
this flower has a large, pink petal below three smaller pink and red petals.
the three petalos are pink and colored with brown stripes on the upper side
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple shading
this flower has four very distinct petals with different patterns, solid and striped.
this pink flower has three slightly pointed, oval, upper petals that are striped a dark pink, the lower petal is a solid color.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.
this petal has four broad petals opened wide, all pink with three petals striped with a dark pink.

the flower is made of a bundle of petals that are red in color.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are red with red stamen.
a flower with clustered rounded red petals and deep forest green sepals.
a clustered flower that has dark red petals with some white spots
a beautiful bunch of flowers with bright red petals.
this flower has very bright red petals and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has many curved, bright red petals in a wide array.

this flower has petals that are red with short stamen
this flower has a lot of red curled petals with a red anther in the middle
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched close together.
this flower has numerous small red petals with rounded edges which slightly overlap each other.
the flower shown has thick red petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
flower with a green pedicel, cluster of small red petals comprising a dome pattern, almost non-visible pistil or stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has red clustered petals on a green pedicel.

petals are dark pink in color,stamens are many and are white in color
the petals on this flower are purple and are going outward
this flower has long purple petals with short white stamen on the center
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower has yellow and white stamen and large oval shape purple petals.
this flower has a purple petal, yellow stamen and brown pedicel.
this flower has six large dark plum colored petals and long yellow white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thin short white stamen and tapered dark purple petals.

the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
a flower with broad white and pink tinged petals with central green stamen cluster
a star shaped flower with pink and white petals in multiple layers.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are white with pink shading
this flower has different layers of pink petals in varying sizes and with visible veins.
this flower has cream petals with light pink veins and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
these flowers are white and pink, the petals look like leaves.

flower with white and purple speckled petals on a green leafy stem
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have speckles on the inside of the bloom.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has purple light colored petals that create a hallow section where the stamen is located.
this flower has brownish red spots inside and one horn-shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted purple with tube shape.
a flower with a long petal that is purple with dark spots.
the beautiful bell shaped pink flower has fused petals that are soft, smooth and has dark pink spots in the inner surface
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.

this flower is yellow and green in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has bright yellow pedals and a green stem.
the flower has a yellow petal along with a green pedicel
the flower ptals are yellow in color and are love shaped with green pedicel
the flower is bright yellow with triangle shaped petals and the middle of the flower is pointy.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has a yellowish green receptacle with a t-shape of bright yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals that have black lines in the middle
this flower has a thick yellow stamen surrounded by wide yellow petals.
the wrinkled, yellow petals have brown stripes and the sepals are long and green.

this flower has petals that are yellow and white with orange patch
the petals of this flower are yellow and white with a short stigma
the flower is falling and is dark in color.
a yellow and white flower with large drooping petals and orange stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has yellow and white petals with an orange dot on them
this flower has long, drooping petals that are yellow and white with an orange stamen.
this flower has yellow and white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow and white petals embedded on green leaves.

this yellow flower has hundreds of needle-shaped petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has yellow petals and pistil as its main features
the petals of this blossom are all that can be seen, there are many, they are long and narrow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and bunched.
this flower has a yellow cluster of small petals with tiny yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has bright yellow petals that are thin and pointy.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals arranged tightly together.

a purple flower with large floppy purple petals and tiny white stamen.
the flower is purple and has a thin green stem with a yellow pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink with small stigma
a dirty green stem, reminiscent of the earth, with nearly transparent lavender petals
this flower has a small green sepal and large light purple petals.
this flower has delicate and very pale purple petals which are slightly upturned.
the flower has purple petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.

the flower has petals that are pointed, pink, and burgundy with a large pink center.
this flower has a prominent purplish ovary surrounded by green stamens and pointed maroon and white petals.
this flower has petals that are red with pink tips
the flower shown has purple and white petals and white pistil
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with pink petals and the leaves are green
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has a wide white and pink center surrounded by spiked red petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pointy tips

this is a pink flower with rounded but shapely petals that form in small clusters.
a pink flower with five broad flat petals forming a disc, and the stamens are short and small.
lavender colored pedals with dark green leaves and long stems
the petals of the flower are light pink in color with green leaves.
this flower is light pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has very small green sepals holding a white receptacle that leads to a wheel-like configuration of light purple petals.
this flower has five pink petals and has a small stigma
the beautiful small pink flower has petals that are fused at sepal and starting as a fine narrow tube and suddenly flaring out in disc like manner
this flower is light purple in color, with rounded petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping.
this flower has the simple row of pink petals with the clumsy brown stamens at the middle
the petals on this flower are pink with orange stamen.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by down turned purple petals which are long and thin with slightly pointed tips.
the flower has petals that are wilted and are light pink in color and a center that is made of brown anthers.
this flower has long slender light pinkish lavender petals that droop down and a large center of deep orange.
this flower has a rounded brown center and down-turned pale pink petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

this flower has white stamen and a pink center surrounded by delicately ruffled white petals.
the flower has petals that are white with red filaments.
the flower is white with wrinkle petals with a hint of red
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven.
opened cream colored large petals revealing red and white inner parts surrounding a light green and white pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has ruffled off-white petals with bright red accents.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
these flowers have bright white petals with a hint of red near the center and a clearly visible pollen tube and stigma.
this flower has white petals with a patch of red on them

the flower shown has bright orange petals with purple sepal
the flower's petals are colored in a very bright orange with its sepal in a dark red hue.
this flower is orange and red in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
orange petals on this flower curl around chaotically and have dark blood red peticals with no visible sex organs.
this orange flower have oval shaped petals,red sepals and pedicel
this flower has petals that are orange and has a bell shape
this flower has long and very smooth orange petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has large bright orange petals with a smooth texture.
this orange flower has many rounded pedals and a purple sepal.
the bright orange petals are curled at the edges and the pedicel is red.

a flower with green pedicel and a massive conical petal with white stamen cluster at the center
flower has petals that are white with small points and white stamen.
the petal on this flower is a whole one that isn't separated and a visible pistil in the middle
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
this flower is white in color, with petals that are thin and wavy.
the flower has one large white, trumpet shaped petal with white filaments, and white anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and makes a satellite shape
this flower has conjoined white petals which are soft and very smooth.
white color flower with alternating green leaves and green pedicel

sepals are green i n color,flower petals are yellow and brown spotted in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange dots
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with orange speckles.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower shown has yellow and purple petals with green pedicel
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has large yellow petals with red spots on them protruding from green pedicel.
this flower has light yellow petals with lots of small yellow markings.
this pale yellow flowers is beautiful during the spring time and it has bright specks of orange arranged within it long leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots

this flower has large wrinkled petals that are are mostly light purple but turn white in the center and yellow at the base.
the flower has petals that are pink, soft and separately arranged around stamens and forming a bowl like shape
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow shading
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and pink near the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this white, purple and yellow flower has rounded petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has a bright yellow ovary and stamen surrounded by wrinkled purple and white petals.
this is a ombre purple flower with yellow on the inside of the petals.

ruffled edged pink almost flat laying petals that have dark pink in the center of them and then a bolder pink on the bottoms with a green and white pistil.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and has stamen sticking out in the centre
the lily pad shaped flowers are bursting with light and dark pink colored petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker pink in the centers.
this is a pink flower with a darker pink circle around the middle of the petals.
the flower has two long curly stamen, and five pink petals with a dark band in the middle.
this flower has purple and pink petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red circle
a large round floppy purple and pink flower with long curly white stamen.

this flower has pink petals, purple anther, pink filament, and greenish sepal.
this flower has pink petals and red pistil as its main features
it is a flower with some big pink petals on it.
the petals on this flower are pink with red dots.
the flower is dark pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around a bunch of stamen
this flower has bright pink petals with red spots on some of them and red filaments with black anthers.
the flower has five pink petals with red spots on the uppermost petal, it has brown anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen
this bright fuschia flower has bright fuschia stigmas
this flower is all pink, with frilly and puffy petals with red highlights.

the flower has petals that are overlapping, pointed and pale orange with a yellow center.
the couple of flowers shares the same orientation, consisting of several peach, round petals in multiple layers.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with shades of yellow
this flower has pale orange petals that are yellow at their bases.
this flower has petals that are small and oblong in shape and peach colored.
a large flower with multiple layers of purple and yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
this flower has yellow and orange petals with several layers to them
this flower has a mound of tapered peach-colored petals with a yellow center.

a flower with twisted yellow and white petals, red sepals, and brown pedicel
this is a small flower with yellow and white petals and orange near the ovary.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
petals are white in color,they have some yellow p[atches on the outer
a flower with long and round petals that is yellow.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and a red and green pedicel.
this flower has five very smooth rounded white petals with yellow centers.
the petals of the flower are a bright yellow, with shades of white and orange throughout.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white tips

this flower has many long red petals with rounded yellow tips surrounding a dark red center.
this flower has pink and yellow petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
the petals on this flower are red with orange tips.
a beautiful flower with bright red petals with yellow tips.
this red and yellow flowers has pointed petals and red stamen with yellow anthers.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petal that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellowtips

this flower has a very large pistol that is white on the bottom half and yellow on the top half.
this flower has a large red petal and a yellow and white stigma.
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large haeart shaped petal.
a red heart shaped flower with the stigma coming out white with a yellow tip.
this flower has petals that are red with long style
this flower is red, white, and yellow in color, and has a single heart shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this flower has a large red heart-shaped petal with a very thick white and yellow pistil.
this flower has thick white and yellow stamen surrounded by a thick shiny pointy-tipped red petal.
this flower has a long white and yellow stamen and a singular red, waxy petal.

sepals are greeen in color,petals are purple incolor
the petals of the flower are small and are in various color such as purple and yellow.
the petals on this flower are purple with a dash of yellow.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with a patch of yellow
this flower has smooth purple petals with round edges and streaks of yellow.
this flower has thin, purple petals that are yellow at the center and a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow patch
this flower has petals that are mostly purple and one that is lightly colored with a little bit of yellow.

this flower has nice orange petals and a green pedicel.
this is a flower with large orange and yellow petals.
this flower has big petals that mostly orange and has a yellow border.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has yellow petals with brown spots and one pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large, long orange petals whose edges are mottled yellow.
the center of the petals are orange while the edges of the petals are yellow.
a flower with long and wide petals that are orange with yellow on the edges.

this pretty flower has a large pink petal with a green edge.
this flower has a large white pollen tube surrounded by a large thick pink petal with rounded edges.
this flower is pink and green in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has a bright pink petal with a very large white pollen tube
the flower petal is light pink in color with one large stamen
the bloom of the flower has a waxy appearance that is pink and green in color.
this waxy magenta red bloom with green trim around the top, has a long white pistil.
this flower has one very large pink petal with a shiny texture and deep veins along with a prominent pistil.
this flower is pink, green, and white in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.

the petals of the flower are bright orange while the anthers are yellow and the sepals are green.
this flower is a brilliant orange with five petals surrounding the stamen in the center.
this flower is orange and has three big wrinkled petals.
bright orange wrinkly petals with a few light orange stamens.
this flower has large thin orange petals which are extremely bright
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow center
orange paper like round petals with a yellow center with orange stamen.
this flower has six bright orange shell shaped petals that surround the yellow stamen.
five large round bright orange pedals surround many orange stamen with large anthers.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is rose shaped with white overlapping pedals which has a pink inward color scheme.
this flower has petals that are white with red patches
this flower has a hot pink center surrounded by layers of upturned white petals which are smooth with slightly pointed tips.
this is a large flower with white petals and pink near the ovary.
thin white upright petals are streaked with dark pink near their base.
this white petal flower fades to magenta in the middle.
this flower appears large and is mostly white with a little pink at the bottom.
this white flower has oval shaped petals that are a deep pink toward the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of pink

the petals are violet and arranged in disc like manner around the clustered stamen
the flower shown has bright purple petals surrounding blue and yellow anther
this flower has multiple yellow stamen and long, thin purple petals.
these two purple flowers have long petals and a purple center.
these flowers are open looking and have long, narrow petals that are purple.
these flowers have thin purple petals and a dark pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has an indigo center surrounded by round-tipped purple petals.
this flower has purple oblong petals with a ribbed texture.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the flower has several layers of petals that are bright pink.
this flower has overlapping petals and has a bunch of young petals in the middle of the flower.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
this flower has a large number of rose colored petals and a tight core of a large number of rose colored stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
there are long reddish pink pink outer pedals and shorter reddish pink pedals grouped around the base.
this flower has petals that are red and has bushy stamen
this red flower features many petals and a wide center of the same color.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong bright pink petals in a ray-like arrangement.

what is so unique about this flower is its subtle simple, yet elegant look.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
a bell shaped white pedaled flower with a long stigma.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are wavy and curled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has green shading
a white flower with huge petals that have a light green coloring towards the center and long white stamen.
this flower has long green stems, and white petals with long white stamens.
this flower has a bright green pedicel with a green receptacle and ovary and white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.

a group of flowers with pink petals and yellow anther filaments in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has heart shaped pink petals with yellow pistil.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
a pink flower with yellow pistils and thin green leaves
a light lavender/pink bloom with frilly edges and a round yellow pistil with brown dots.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are uneven along the tips.
this flower has bright pink petals that surround the bright yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the flower shown has yellow pistil with smooth white petals
a blooming white flower with a lot of petals and yellow pollen tube.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
layered rays of white pointed oblong petals ring a yellow center of clustered pistils.
this flower has cream colored petals which unfold into a wide display, revealing the long yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
very thin yellow and white petals surround the thin yellow stamen of this flower.
a flower with many upward pointing yellow petals surrounding many yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
long, pointed white petals surround a cluster of yellow stamen.

this flower has overlapping petals that are golden with many red stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stamen
the petals on this flower are yellow with a dark center
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
an orange petal flower with a red batch of stamen in the middle.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong bright yellow petals in a ring.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange center
this flower has two rows of yellow-orange petals, a red ovule and broad, large leaves.
nice yellow petals shaped like blades and a black middle.

the anthers are arger in size and yellow in color while the stigma are green in color
very flat flower overall with long wrinkly petals surrounding a large circle of stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and pointed at the tips.
the sunflower petals are ruffly and yellow in color.
this flower has bright yellow petals, greenish-brown style, a green pedicel, and a green sepal.
this flower is all yellow in color, with thin rounded petals layered around the center of the flower.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with a center that is brown.
this flower has large yellow petals with a large brown pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
this flower has a wide center and layers of wide yellow petals.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
flowers are alternately shaped,they are yellow in color
this flower is maroon with maron petals to and arranged one on top of each other along the stem
this flower has petals that a yellow, red and have many layers
this flower occurs in clusters and has pale yellow petals.
this flower has skinny maroon and yellow pedals with a maroon pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has tiny pink petals along with very large and long green leaves.
this flower has thick red stems holding pale and small yellow petals.

this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower's small yellow stamen are surrounded by long thin white petals with round tips.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white petals and a yellow stigma in the center
this flower has smooth white petals with a green pollen tube and yellow anther
this flower has very smooth and very straight white petals which are long and soft.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this white flower has pointed petals and a green stigma.
the petals on this flower are mostly pure white in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow with green.

the flower has a smooth white petal with a yellow pollen tube
a white heart shaped petal growing around a long yellow stamen
this flower has a large textured yellow pollen tube surrounded by a pointed white petal.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a single white petal and a yellow stigma.
this flower has large white petals with a long yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this particular flower has petals that are white with a yellow steam
this flower has a green pedicel, a large white petal that has a heart shape, and a thick yellow pistil.

the flower has a bright red petal with yellow filament and anther
the flower has multiple yellow stamen and many layers of red petals.
a yellow-orange stamen sit upon a bed of overlapping red petals on this flower.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are stacked on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are bright red and stamen and anthers that are bright orange
this flower has three layers of ref petals that surround yellow stamen.
a bright red flower with lots of petals and several yellow stamen in the inside.
this flower has red oblong petals. it has yellow piney stamen and there is a bee on it!
the petals on this flower are mostly dark red in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow and black.
this red-petaled flower has three layers of almond shaped petals with a ring of orange stamens in the center.

this flower has petals that are pale blue with centers of yellow and pink.
a flower with blue and green petals and no stamen visible.
the petals of this flower are mostly white with alternating (neonish) yellow and pink coloring. almost painting-like.
a flower that has mostly white petals with some tones of yellow and pink
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has five white petals that turn yellow toward the center.
the flower has five round petals that are white at the tips and yellow and purple in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with long and rounded petals that are white with yellow center.
this flower has 5 white petals with patches of yellow and purple coming out from the middle.

this flower has thin yellow petals as its main feature.
this flowers petals are yellow and open shaped with also yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has multiple yellow stamen and layer of bright yellow petals.
this flower has small and rounded yellow petals which are shiny and textured.
this flower has a green pistil surrounded by yellow filaments and petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are more pink on the edges.
a delicate looking flower with beautiful pink petals and yellow center and large green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and have many layers
light pink layered petals on a straight dark green stem.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with a yellow center.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower has a yellow thick stamen and layers of white and pale pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are darker pink at the tips.
this flower has white petals that have a pink tint and a green pedicel

the red petals are shaped like an acorn on this flower
the flower has many petals that are overlapping and bright pink.
ts flower has smooth pink petals with pointed tips arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has many layers of dark pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are stacked vertically.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upwards together
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower many glossy pink petals and large green leaves.
this flower has a vertical chevron pattern of waxy and thick pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.

this flower has protruding pink stamen surrounded by five large pink petals with ruffled edges.
this light pink flower with pink stamen has five rounded type petals and leathery, oval shaped green leaves on a woody stem.
th flower has many stamen with large anthers and pink colored petals
a flower that is all pink with pink filaments as well
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has large bright pink petals that surround long pink stamen.
this flower has thick pink petals and long pink stamens.
this flower has five bright pink petals in a wheel-like formation.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals which ruffle slightly at the edges.
the flower has a white colored set of petals with the tip light yellow colored stigma.
the flower has a green sepal and the bloom is white in color with thin white filaments.
this flower has large white petals, white stamen, and white anthers on it
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has white petals which are very smooth and slightly ruffled at the edges.
this flower is white and green in color, with wavy and thin petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
this flower has white petals with pointed ends and long style
this white petaled flower has a long receptacle and white stamen.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this white flower has the simple row of crushed petals with the yellow pistil and the yellow stamens at the center
this flower has a wide yellows center surrounded by wide, very ruffled white petals.
this flower has long white petals and long yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has wavy petals, yellow stamen and a light yellow stigma.
the flower is unique because of its tissue like petals and pure white color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
this flower has white petals that almost look like crumpled paper, it has many yellow stamen in the center.

the royal blue star-shaped flower, with white tips, has fused petals and five streaks of green, framing the white pistil.
the flower has purple petals with a white and green stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stigma
these flowers have star shaped petals with white pointy tips.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are white on the tips.
this flower has a tube shaped blue petal with white markings on the interior.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green shading
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are white on the tips.
this flower's petals are blue with white pointed tips with a freckled yellow stamen.
this flower has a trumpet-like shape with bright blue petals with white tips.

flower with white petals with a green tip and purple stamen.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are green at the tips.
the petals on this flower are white with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigma
there are many white stamen with large anther, two overlapping green upper petals and white bottom petals
this flower has a ring of white petals with pointed green tips surrounding a thick clump of spiky stamen.
this white and green flower has pointed petals and pink, green, and white stamen.
the flower has white thin oval petals and purple and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stamen

flower petals are rounde in shape,they are light pink in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with dark lines
what i like about this flower is the way the petals colors transition from various shades of pink.
this flower has thin pink petals with white filament and pink anthers
a large velvet and white flower with a large stigma.
a flower with long and rounded petals that are purple.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
a link purple flower with light purple petals with dark purple lines running though it's petals.

the flower is pink and has petals that are separated and forming disk shape at bottom and also some petals are clustered in the middle
this cream and pink colored flower has wide petals with gently ruffled edges.
the flower is made of petals which are curling along the edges and are light pink in color.
this flower features large floppy pink petals surrounding bright orange stamens.
fluffy light pink flowers with little light pink streaks, and an orange stigma.
a large fluffy light pink flower with a large orange stigma.
this flower has wide and large, pale pink, with ruffled edges.
the petals are a light pink in color and have an uneven edge with an overall rounded shape.
this flower has very large light pink petals with uneven edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

a flower with purple petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
the flower has a set of 5 petals which the outline of the petals are in white color.
this flower has a central green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by five wide, rounded purple flowers.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a center that is outlined in yellow.
this flower has rounded purple petals with white edges and very small yellow filaments.

the flower has yellow petals with pointed tips and green sepal
this unique tropical flower has thick waxy orange pointy petals.
a flower with orange petals and no anther filaments in sight.
this flower has several yellow petals with sharply pointed tips.
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower is orange, blue, and green in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has long orange petals with pointy tips and a long green and orange sepal.
this flower has long, orange petals that extend from a green stem with ole red edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
the flower has long pointy orange and a long purple stamen.

there is a pink flower with purple streaks in the petals and there is a dark purple flower.
the flower has petals that are pale or dark pink.
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
the leaves are green in color while the petals are purple in color with white colored anthers
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
these outside flowers is purple and pink petals with green stems
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with multi colored petals.
these flowers have different variations of purple colored petals with pointy green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines

this flower has six oval shaped petals that are yellow with pink dots and pink edges, with a long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with pink dots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
pink and yellow speckled petals yellow middle green leaves
petals are oval in shape and are brwon spoted in color
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals with red spots on them, and red on the border of each petal.
this flower has sparsely arranged petals that are yellow with pink spots.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.

a flower with broad pink petals and yellow stamen cluster
petals are oval in shape and smaller in size,they are light purple in color
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this flower has long rectangular pink petals and a yellow ovule.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
there are many yellow stamen with small yellow anthers surrounded by violet colored petals with scalloped edges.
this pink flower has toothed petals and yellow stamen with black anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is made up of a single ring of lavender petals surrounding the yellow stamen.
this flower has light pink petals with a slightly ribbed texture.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
the pedals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has bunches of small flowers with red petals.
the flower shown has orange-red petals as its main feature.
this is a small red flower with short, round-edged petals.
these flowers have red clustered petals arranged in a bushy form.
the flower has coral colored petals surrounding black anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has a satellite shape
a flower with short and wide petals that are red.
bright red/pink flower with many petals

this flower has light pink petals with red and green pedicel as its main features
the pink petals are long and pointed upwards and curled at the ends and the stigma is deep maroon while the stamen is pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is bell shaped with pink petals pointed upward and pink stamens.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
this flower has very long pink petals.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are attached to a stem that is brown in color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and curled.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower has petals that are bright yellow with yellow stamen.
petals are rounded in shape,they are yellow in color
the flower has tear dropped shaped petals that are neon yellow colored.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
a yellow flower with five petals surrounding yellow filaments and anther.
this yellow flower has rounded petals, many yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has five bright yellow petals with yellow stamens
this flower has five rounded yellow petals, and yellow stamen.

this flower has thin pink petals as its main feature.
this is a deep lavender flower with its petals pointed down and an large yellow center.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has a round structure on the center where are the stamens and stigma.
this flower has sparse and thin petals with a bunch of pistils and stamens.
this flower has a single row of thin, oblong pink petals that are neatly spaced around its center.
this flower has thin pink petals and a bulbous stamen area that is yellow.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that drooping.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

a purple flower with tiny petals and a huge green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are green with purple stamen
the petals on the spiky plant are pink in color and thin in size.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has purple petals, and a green sepal and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is pink and green in color, with very skinny petals.
this flower has many rows of thin sepals arranged in a bulb like formation with very thin purple petals at the center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.

the flower has petals that are dark pink with white centers.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are connected together.
the pink flower has pretty pink petals on them
the flower has a large pink petal with white coloring in the center
the petals on this flower are pink and turn white in the center.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has five joined pale pink petals which are veined and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a green stamen
this flower has pink petals and a very small white and yellow pistil
this flower has a flat head with wide pink petals and a small white ovary.

the flower shown has purple and white petals and a purple pedicel
this flower has petals that are dark pink with tan pedicel.
this drooping flower hasvrounded, slightly teardrop shaped petals which point backwards.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this unique flower has multiple layers of deep purple to pale purple petals.
this flower has light pink petals with slightly pointed tips and a darker base.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower has rounded pink petals, and an elongated brown stem..
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled upward.
a flower with five small purple petals that have dark bottom edges.

this flower has a yellow pistil and yellow petals as its main features
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and the middle layer is ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has large yellow petals and a long white stigma in the middle
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this is a yellow flower with a cup shaped petals, it has an almost star like shape of pale yellow petals surrounding the base
a yellow flower with yellow stigma and the leaves are green and thin
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has yellow petals that form into a bell shape

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white with a large stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has white, toothed petals and a bright yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
the flower has yellow stamen and white petals that have wavy edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has large white petals with a wrinkled texture arranged very close together.

this reddish looking flower has red petals with red stamen.
this flower has orange petals and green pedicels. it also has reddish orange stamen.
a bush of pink flower that is small and embedded in leaves
this bunch of pinkish red flowers contains about five flowers each with about five large petals and two or so long red stamens and large thick crinkly leaves
this flower has deep red-orange petals and a thing, similar colored pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has long stamen
the flower has red petals and red pistil and stamen.
the petals of this flower are red and it has a little green pedicel
a flower with are short and wide that are red.
this flower has small pale red petals which are smooth and rounded.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the leaves of the flower are green in color while the flower petals are yellow and red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this is a strange flower with yellow petals and red on the style.
this is a flower with many pink and yellow petals coming off of it.
a flower with red and yellow petals and large green leaves.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with vertically layered petals.
this flower has thin red and yellow petals that folded upwards
this particular flower has petals that are short with red and yellow
the petals of this large, rectangular flower are a dusky red color, with yellow stamen.

this white flower has one continuous petal, white filaments and pale yellow anthers.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and fused together and also the flower has stamen sticking out from the centre
large white flower with extremely large white petals and white stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
this flower has white petals and a yellow with pink pistil.
this flower has a large funnel shaped white petal with an uneven edge.
this flower has a large white petal with smooth edges and yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
this white flower has pointed petals and white and pale orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style

there are flat pink red and white petals with white filaments.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are white near the centers.
this flower has dark purple petals with a white streak going down the center.
this purple flower has long pointed petals and yellow stamen.
the flower has brilliant magenta colored flat petals and pale yellow gynoecium and stamens.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
these flowers have pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of them.
this flower has oblong petals that are purple in color with white stripes the middle.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large, wide petals which are fuchsia with pale pink center stripes.

this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
sepals are green in color,flower is blue in color and is capsule in shape
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this trumpet like blue flower has conjoined petals which point outwards in a star shape.
the flower shown has blue petals and a white style.
these flowers are blue cone shaped with yellow buds in the middle.
the petals are blue and a white stamen and alternating leaves are green
this flower has blue petals with green lines and white stigma
this purple flower grows low to the ground and has five sides to its petals that form a trumpet shape.
these flowers have vibrant purple colored petals theres also a white stigma in the very center.

this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower is purple and there is a bee sucking nectar from it.
this flower has a green and spiky base with a large amount of thin purple petals sticking out of the top.
this flower has stamen that are long, stringy, and purple
this flower has long purple stamen and no visible anthers on the stamen
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has a large number of very thin petals that are purple in color and arranged upright.
this flower has a large number of short purple threadlike petals coming out the top of the sapel.
this flower has a spiked green round bulb topped with a hairy purple fringe.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

this flower has multiple layers of periwinkle blue pointed petals with a center area of curvy light green stamen.
light blue petals green middle and green leaves
this flower has light blue petals that end in a point with green stamen in the center.
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
this flower has thick, curvy green pistils atop a few flat layers of blue pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower has layers of long pointed petals and green filaments.
a purple flower with many green stamen stringing from it's center.
this flower has large blue petals and a green pistil.

this is a flower with orange petals and a brown pistil.
this flower has multiple rows of tiny round orange petals with a deep red receptacle in the center.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, separate and arranged in many layers around the stamen
the flower has petals that are overlapping and orange with brown center.
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has many smooth orange oval shaped petals with round edges.
this flower has a brown center and layers of long, rounded orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black stamen
a wide orange flower with a dark center and three layers of orange petals.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright orange oblong petals.

flowers are laternately arranged,pedicela re green and flower are purple inc olor
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled over at the edges.
this flower has purple petals with long brown filaments and yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have sepals that are green in color.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a bell shape
the petals of the flower formulate a cup shape, and the stamens are a light green color.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are that are bulb shaped.
the bright purple petals are curled at the edges and form a vase shape around a green stigma.
this flower has large green sepals holding its purple bell shaped petals.

this flower has petals that are bright yellow with a yellow stigma.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with a big stigma
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the ovary.
this flower has bright yellow pedals and with a yellow, white and red pistil.
this flower has tall style with a bulbous stigma surrounded by a wheel of five rounded yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a flowery stamen
there are light yellow pedals and also a yellow pistil with a red tip.
this flower has yellow petals surrounding a long yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow and a long yellow pollen tube.

this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this flower has small leaves of pale yellow which are heart shaped.
the petals are light yellow in color, slowly turning darker yellow in the middle.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of these flowers have scalloped edges and are pale yellow with darker yellow pigment closer to the center of the flower.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with rounded petals.
this flower has a grouping of blossoms that have yellow petals in a wheel formation.
this flower has yellow petals that has a darker shad in the center
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.

this flower has petals that are light pink with yellow stamen.
a water flower with pinkish petals and yellow anther filaments with yellow pistils.
the flowers has thick and lightly colored petals which is mostly pink but the center graduates to a yellow shade.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower is on a green pad and has pointed pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has soft pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals oval shaped.
this flower is shaped like many stars stacked on top of each other with a fading color scheme from dull pink on the outside to bright yellow on the inner petals and pollen tubes.
this pink flower has pointed petals and bright yellow orange stamen.

a purple flower with ruffled petals and large green sepal.
flower is light urple incolro and capsule in shape with larger white anthers
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the delicate purple flower has five thin pedals surrounded by bright green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has five semi-conjoined delicate purple petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower has delicate lavender petals with small buds of stamen in the center of it.
this flower has short white stamen and light purple petals in a star-like configuration.

the petals are larger and round in shape and light pink in color
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped
the flower has petals that are large and pink with dark pink tips.
the flower has a pink and white petal with a green pedicel
this flower has a short pink petal and a green color pedicel on it
the petals on this flower are pink and overlap each other, the stem is green.
this flower has a few layers of light pink petals with slightly pointed and darker pink tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and are pointy at the top
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a dark green stamen.

this is a flower with red leaf like petals edged in white and a cluster of green stamen at the center.
the petals of the flower are shaped much like the leaves, but unlike the dark green leaves, they are a vibrant red and pink, and are clustered around a bundle of green pistils.
this large leafy flower has red and white petals with a green stamen.
this flower has big rich pink petals and little green stamens
dull red petals that are pointed and surround multiple bright green round stigmas.
this flower is made up of many different sized white and pink petals that get smaller closer to the stamen.
this vibrant colored flower has petals that are bright pink with white edges.
this flower has pink petals that fade out as they get to the edges. has a green stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen

this flower has layered purple petals with white stamen and pistil in the middle
this flower has light and dark purple petals with a dark purple pistil.
this flower has pale purple petals that spiral around the center.
this pale purple flower has 5 overlapping petal and a white stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long and thin, pale purple petals with smooth edges.
this flower has large light pink petals and small white stamens.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
a light purple colored flower with fan shaped petals.
this flower has light purple petals arranged in a spiraling pattern.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
purple petals on the outside white petals on the inside yellow metal green leaves
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by five round round white petals and give large pointed purple petals.
what is cool about this flower is its different shapes and textures of its petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower that has purple petals and has white ones in the middle.
a purple petal with white flower and the yellow stamen and stigma and the green sepal
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has pink petals that come to a point in the back of the flower and long yellow stamen that grow out of the front.
this flower has pointed medium pink purple outer petals and a layer of light pink center petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow steman
this flower has rounded pale pink petals surrounded by long pointed petals in a darker pink.
this flower has an outer row of darker pink petals surrounding a lighter row of curved petals.
this flower has a trumpet shape with light pink petals at center and brighter pink around.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has small yellow anther sitting inside a white and pink petal.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has four large petals that are yellow at the end and orange in the middle and surround yellow stamen.
this flower has four bright yellow petals and multiple yellow stamen.
a flower with four large yellow petals and bright yellow stamen.
the flower has four golden yellow petals surrounding yellow stamen.
the flower has four big wavy yellow petals which fade from dark to light
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this particular flower has petals that are long and yellow
this flower has four yellow petals with a small grouping of stamen at its center.

a simple round shaped violet pedals with a green steam.
this flower has large, rounded petals of pale violet, which slightly overlap.
a flower that has very light colored lavender petals with a brown receptacle
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that have small veins.
the flower has petals that are light purple with a yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has light violet petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has lavender petals that get lighter the closer they get to the pistil.
this flower has a wide green sepal with a funnel-like blossom coming out of it consisting of light purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a satellite shape

this is a red flower with long sharp petals.
the flower has long stems and the color is red
a red flower with a lot of shiny, spiky petals.
the flower is red and looks like three star shapes overlapping each other, with white tips on the petals.
this flower has bright orange and triangle-shaped petals.
this flower has layers of shiny and pointed red petals in a waxy texture.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are shiny and pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has points at the end
the petals on this flower are mostly red in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has long pointed orange and white petals and yellow anthers.

this flower has layers of pointed pink petals which angle upwards.
the sepals are green,the petals are overlapping and are light pink
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this pink flower,white at the end has the overlapping layer of petals and has the thick stem
this flower has pointed pink petals that are lightly striped in a loose cluster.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
the pink petals are pointed at the ends and form a shallow cup shape.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this pale pink flower has beautiful round pointed tipped petals.
this flower has stacked layers of oblong light pink petals with pointed tips.

the flower has pink thin pointy petals and white pistils.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is bright pink lime green anthers and bright white pistil.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
the petals of this flower are white and have pink tips on them
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has a ring of pink and white pointed petals.
this pink and white flower has pointed pedals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen

the flower shown has pointy petals which are its main feature
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has petals that are purple and look sharp
this unique purple flower has a stigma that looks very much like a pinecone.
this flower has spiky blue petals and a stigma that is long and green
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin and spiky
this flower is green and white in color, with sharp and pointed petals.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has jagged purple leaves coming from a thick spiked base.
this many petaled flower has a large spiked style and the purplish long and wispy petals are also spiked.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is orange and has petals that are soft and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
this flower has orange petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are dark orange with golden filaments.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange, and yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
orange petals surround a large, dense yellow stamen in this flower.
the flower has reddish orange petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

this medium-sized flower floats on top of water and has long, pinkish-white petals.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers and also the central region has closed and densely packed layers and outer region has loosely packed layers
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink and folded together
this pink and white flower has long pink and oval shaped white petals.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a pointed shape.
this flower has layers of upturned white petals with pink tapered ends.
this flower has different layers of pink and white oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower have some petals that are white and some petals that are pink and some petals with both pink and white.

the flower has star shaped petals which are pink in color.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are white near the ovary.
light pink petals with dark tips, and yellow pistil.
this star shaped flower has five pointed petals of hot pink with lighter pink centers.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow in the center
this flower has large red and white petals with white stamens.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has white shading
the petals of this flower are pink and dark red and the pistil is white
this flower has five star shape red petals with yellow anthers.

the flower has petals that are lavender with purple stamen.
this flower has thick blue petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are curled and have veins.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a green stem.
this green-stemmed flower is made of lots of purple petals with many veins visible in each petal and has a darker purple ovule.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
a flower with many indigo petals surrounding a center of purple stamen.
the petals of the flower are blue in color and have a sepal that is green in color.
a purple petaled flower with many shades of purple like it is water colored.

a white petals with a big yellow middle with big green leafs
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
white, fluffy petals surround a vibrant ring of yellow stamen.
this flower has a large orange pistil surrounded by wide paper like petals.
the flower has stark white petals and a round yellow center that makes up its anthers and stamen.
this flower has a thick yellow center surrounded by white petals that are overlapping and wrinkled.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has a fringed yellow center and very ruffled, wide white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this petal has starkly white broad petals and a prominent yellow pistil.

the flower has orange colored petals and the ovary is round and yellow in color.
this beautiful flower has orange overlapping orange petals and dark yellow filament.
this vibrant flower has red and orange petals with numerous yellow stamen.
this flower has long orange petals and has a yellow anther filament.
this flower contains a prominent ovary containing yellow stamens surrounded by a ring of orange pointed petals.
the flower is so beautiful with orange petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around yellow stamens in disc like manner
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
twelve bright orange peddles surrounding a tightly packed yellow stigma.
this song is orange with the yellow stuff in the middle
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

a pink and white star shaped flower with long yellow filaments in the middle.
the petals, in order from stamen to edge, are yellow, white, and faded violet.
the petals of the flower are tied in pink and have a yellow inside.
the petals on this flower are pink on the fringe and white inside.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
a flower with long petals that are white with pink on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and five curved round white petals with pink edges.
this flower has green sepals and it's petals are pink and white.

the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has dark red petals which are its dominant feature
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow stamen and overlapping petals that are red on the top layer and pink on the bottom layer.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the stamens of the flower are a bright yellow color, and the petals are light pink and white throughout.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this pink and purple flower has many densely layered petals with yellow stamen.

this flowers has pointed white petals with gray tips and a pronounced stigma.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has white and grey petals with green pistils.
this flower features long green pointed stamens surrounded by layers of broad white pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are pointed white and overlapping.
this flower has white petals that fade to blue at its pointy narrow tips.
this flower has several layers of leaf like white and blue petals with vein like striations.
this flower has petals that are blue and white and is ruffled tofether
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has white, pointed petals with blue coloration towards the tips and green stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with green stamn
a flower with flat purple petals, green anther, and green filaments.
the flower shown has green pistil and blue petals which are its dominant features
this flower is blue and purple in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed and blue.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are layered.
a large blue, white, and purple flat flower with a green stigma.
this flower is lavender color with green sigma at the top and strange green leaves

the flower has red, flowing petals and a small pistil.
this flower has petals that are red with purple steman
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that are darke near the center.
the flower petals are red in color with the inner part coverd black in color
this flower is red and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has round red petals that have purple stamen
this red blossom looks as it it could be a single round petal, with a dark purple center that looks like an ink blotch.
this flower has large red petals and a dark blue center with a white stigma.
the light pink pistil and dark purple stamen of this flower are surrounded by bright pink or bright red petals.

the flower has white and purple petals and many yellow stamen.
five side white flower with yellow pistil.
this flower has short, round white petals around a center of long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are overlapping, with white petals above pink petals, and yellow stamen.
a white flower with pink petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with wavy and curled petals.
this flower has five pointed pink petals and five round white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this pale pink flower has pointed petals surrounding rounded white petals with yellow stamen.

very large stamen surrounded with pretty thin yellow petals.
a big flower with yellow petals and a brown stamen.
a large yellow flower the petals are yellow, the pistil is orangeish brown.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends
a large flower with thin yellow petals and many many yellow stamen covering most of the flower.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower is so big with yellow petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around a bunch of brown stamen in disc like manner
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and skinny.
this flower has a wide green center and layers of thin yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
flower with large pink petals and red stamen
this flower has very tall purple stamen with light pink petals in a star shape.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has pink petals, dark pink anther and filament, and dark pink style.
large pink petals with red spots and long red filaments with dark red anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has wide pink petals with tapered ends and thin pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
theses flowers have small pink petals attached to green sepals.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this is a flower that has petals that are pink on the inside and white toward the edges.
white and purple flowers with white and purple petals and long white and green stamen.
this flower has purple petals with white edges on it and white stamen in the middle
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, violet and separated with the stamen sticking out from their centre
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are light around the edges.
this flower has pink petals that have white around the edges
a flower with short and wide petals that are purple with white edging.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white petals and long purple stamen in the center of it
this flower has petals that are white with long purple steman
the flower shown has white petals as its main feature with green and purple stamen
this strange flower has pointed petals and is white ,purple and green.
the flower has long oval white petals and purple and green stamen and pistil.
this flower has white petals with purple stamen and a big style
this flower has white petals as well as a green and purple pistil.
a flower with white petals and white stamen.
this flower has white petals with fuzzy white and yellow stamen in the center of it.

this flower has green pedicel and pink petals as its main features
the flower is upside down and the petals are pink in color.
the petals on this flower are white with pink lines.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has football shaped pink striped petals with white stamen with long filaments and small anthers.
the star-shaped peach colored flowers looks to be in early stages of growth and the stem looks strong.
the stigma are a white color with a bit of yellow, the pink petals have streaks of white.
these soft pink flowers have six petals with a white stripe down the middle and salmon pink edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled downward.
the flower has drooping petals that are burgundy with white spots.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the dark pink bell shaped flower is inverted and has petals that are soft, smooth, soft and thick
this flower is a downward facing cup of petals of a dull red splotched with pink.
this particular flower has petals that are dark red and white
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has burgundy hanging petals attached to a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.

a flower with broad white and pink ribbed petals and yellow stamen
stamens are yellow in color with larger anthers
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
olive green, yellow and white pistil surrounded by large round lilac petals with light pink veins showing through.
this flower has blue petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are yellow bear the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has overlapping petals which are pale pink with pink and white accents.
a flower with long and rounded petal that are light pink.

a flower with few pink red petals with smooth rounded edges.
the flower has a bright red petal with a black pedicel as well
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are large and wavy.
this flower has rounded cherry-red petals with no visible sepals, and is supported by a dark red pedicel.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is a dark almost black color
a dark tall stem supporting dark pink, wide petals.
the petals are red and slightly ruffled and the pedicel is dark red.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upwards
the petals of this flower are a bright red and the stem is a deep black.

this flower has petals that are yellow with two orange dotted petals and yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow, with broad, slightly down curved petals that have some orange spots.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has yellow petals that have red streaks and a pistil.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and spirally arranged around stamen and two petals have red spots
this flower has no other visible parts except for it's yellow and orange petals.
this flower has bright yellow petals with orange spots leading to the center.
this flower has bright yellow petals and orange spots on a couple of the petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots

lavender petals on this flower with jagged green sepals.
this flower has just a few very wide, flat and crinkly pale purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
the petals of the flower are purple and the stem is green with green leaves.
this flower has large pale purple petals that fan out from the ovule.
this flower has light lavender petals opened wide with frilly leaves around it.
this flower has large light purple petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and folds upwards
this flower has pale lavender colored petals with white coloring at the base of the petal.

this blossom is composed mainly of pink colored sepals, with no obvious petals.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a flower with red purple petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has long red petals and a long red stigma in the center
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has petals that are pink and has many layers
this flower is a bright pink with leaf like pointy tipped petals that graduate in size along the stem.
this flower has vertical layers of shiny, thick spiked pink petals.
this flower has ascending layers of long pointed pink petals with a yellow ovary.

this large white flower has pink stripes down each one of its petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has six rounded white petals with pink stripes in the center.
there are many white and red color stamen,white and rose color petals overlapped one another
the six large petals are pure white with a bright pink stripe running down the middle of them, and the filaments are white at the bottom with deep magenta on the ends.
this flower has white petals with pink stripes down the center of them.
a flower with long, curved petals that are white with purple streak down the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink stripes
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has six evenly placed white petals with a light pink line through the center of each, and many dark purple stamen.

this flower has multiple layers of pale orange petals that turn more yellow the higher layer they are.
a peach colored flower has many whorls of pretty petals, and the innermost petals are smaller and yellow colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the flowers has multiple petals and neither stamen nor anthers are visible.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large light orange and yellow petals.
this flower is in peach and yellow color, and has petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this particular flower has petals that are light red and yellow
this flower has many small oblong peach colored petals arranged in multiple layers.

this flower has green pedicel with white and purple petals as its main features
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are thin and pointed sharply outwards as well as white with pink stamen.
this is a strange flower with white petals and pink stamen.
the petals on this flower are white with purple stamen.
the petals of the flower formulate a distinctive spotted pattern, with various shades of pink, green, purple and white.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
this flower has many white petals with purple stamen and white circular anthers.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed on the tips.
this is a yellow flower that turns dark purple toward the receptacle with white and purple stamens.

the petals are pinkish purple, the stament are pink and the anther are yellow.
this flower has pink petals with pink anther and yellow interior.
the outer petals are pink and purple with yellow near the middle.
the pink petals have purple streaks emanating from the yellow and green center, and pink stamen.
there are light pink petals, green leaves and yellow middle and anther.
the flower has purple and green stamen and purple and yellow petals.
the petal of this flower is pink and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has pink flowers with yellow and brown stripes running through the center petals, yellow anther filaments and pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower has pink filaments with yellow anthers and light pink petals with yellow markings.

a flower with multicolored purple white and yellow petals and no visible stigma
light blue and white and yellow petals with black stripes in the middle green leaves
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped in the center.
this flower has blue, white, and yellow petals with purple lines.
this flower has petals that are purple with white and yellow patches with black lines
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are striped.
the top two petals are purple, middle two are white, and lowest is yellow, with black stripes radiating from the center.
this flower has purple petals around the top of the flower and one yellow petal with black streaks near the pistil on the yellow petal.
this flower has one petal which is yellow and four other petals that are colored lavender and a small white pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines

this flower has petals that are red with a green stigma
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower is very leaflike in appearance with a red color and a large protruding pollen tube.
thus flower has a large, textured pistil surrounded by a veined red petal which tapers to a point.
this flower has large red petals and a long green stigma in the center of it
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is red and white in color, with one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green stigma
this bright red flower has a rounded petal and a yellow stigma.
this flower has a waxy and ridged red petal with a thick yellow pistil standing up from the center.

these flowers have dark pink petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower consists of four irregular twisted red petals over a brown pedicel, and no noticeable pistil or stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and broken apart
a red flower with curved upright petals and a red pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and curled.
this flower has a straight red pedicel and upright red petals.
this flower has very smooth and slim purple petals which bend backwards.
this flower has large pink petals and a brown pedicel.
this pink flower has a pale pink edging around its rounded wavy petals and light brown stems with no visible leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded downwards

this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has medium sized pointy petals with a pink center and white edges around long white stamen.
long, round-to-point petals fading from light to dark pink and hair like pistols curling inward
this flower has wide, tapered pink petals with brighter pink lines in the center.
this pink flower has six pointed oval shaped petals surrounding many off white stamen.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of light pink petals with a darker central stripe surrounding a short clump of white stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers have soft pink two toned petals with hairy white stamen in the center of it.
petals arranged in one row, petals are light purple and dark purple line in the middle, anther and filament is cream color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines

the petals on this flower are both orange and yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
this flower has yellow and orange petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has yellow and orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange and the pedicel is big and green
this flower has a large orange and yellow petals that are spotted and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower is white with a transcending yellow color scheme going inward on the petals.
the delicate petals are white-rimmed with yellow centers, overlapped in a circle.
this flower has five petals that are yellow in the middle with a white outline.
this flower has large white petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

the flower has petals that are yellow with a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals and white pistil as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower features wide yellow petals with long yellow stamens.
this is a bright yellow flower with rounded petals and with brown coloring close to the center of the flower.
this flower has large yellow petals with red accents and ruffled edges.
this flower has large yellow petals with brown stripes leading to the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has long purple petals and a long white stamen with white anthers
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
a group of flowers with purple petals accompanied by a white stigma.
the flower has bell shaped purple petals with white stamen
this flower has violet bell shaped petals that surround the long white tipped pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and are in a bell shape
a flower with a long petal that is purple and curled outward.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has purple petals in a bell shape around the pollen tube.

dense yellow stamen surrounded by soft pink spoon shaped petals.
there are many elongated and pointed pink petals surrounding a group of yellow stamen above large flat green leaves.
this flower has tight, pale pink, blade-shaped, alternating, petals in three rows with upward facing, amber stamen.
flower with round pad leaved and pale pink petals that surround numerous yellow anthers.
the flower shown has pink petals as well as yellow anther and filament
this flower has many bright yellow stamen, surrounded by petals which are pink at the base and fade into light pink near the edges.
this flower has a yellow center and upturned layers of pink petals.
there are multiple rings of small, long pink petals and many yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow stamen
this flower has a dense grouping of yellow stamen surrounded by cupped layers of pink petals.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow anther as well as purple petals as its main features
a cluster of pale yellow stamen is surrounded by a cup of small, round petals that are violet at the base and pale lilac at the tips. a second row of larger, pointed petals spreads out below the top layer.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
pedicel are dark purple in color,petals are oval in shape and are light purple in color
the petals are dusty purple and surround a cluster of stamen with pale yellow anther.
this flower has yellow anther filaments, light purple petals, and a deep purple ovule.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are slightly drooping.
this flower has long, light purple sepals with a layer of smaller purple and white petals on top of them.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are purple with a patch of white
petals are rounded in shape,they are light purple in color
this flower has large purple petals with white spots on them and a yellow stigma in the middle
this flower has large petals that are ruffled and purple at the edges, and white near the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted near the edges.
this flower has white and purple petals and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has white and purple petals with ruffled edges.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with purple on the edges.

the flower is so big and has disc of separate petals that are soft and smooth below the disc of white stamens
the exotic flower has many stamen coming out of its tri-colored center.
the flower has long pink petals and white and black stamen that surround the green stigma.
a pink flower with white and black filaments and green anther.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
{}
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has deep pink petals with long white filaments and green pistils.
this flower has pale pink petals with long white extended stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen

this beauty has yellow petals with a small yellow in its stamen in the middle.
this is a yellow flower with short pedicels, and about six soft petals that form in a cluster.
these smoothed edged flowers have light yellow fading to a dark yellow pedals.
row of small yellow flowers that as yellow,heart-shaped petals and dark yellow receptacle
a yellow flower with its petals fused near the petal region and gradually separated forming a disk shape
this flower has small yellow petals with tiny notices in the top edge and a wheel-like formation.
the pedals are pale yellow with a darker yellow inner ring and have a small, subtle stigma that is green.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a black center
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has heart shaped petals of pale yellow with darker yellow bases.

the petals are long and purple, and oval shaped on the tips.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
long pink slender petals with a light and dark purple and yellow pistil.
the flower has purple petals surrounding its yellow anther and blue filament
the flower has long elongated petals, with yellow anthers in the center.
a light velvet large flower with a purple golden center.
this flower has a single layer of small oblong purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma
the bright pink petals of this flower have a pointed edge, which is rounded, and surround a group of short stamen that are topped with bright yellow antenna.
the flat, pink petals form a disk around stamen with golden colored anther.

flat round petals that fade from pink to yellow and are layered upon each other.
this flower features several layers of overlapping purple and white petals surrounding a prominent yellow ovary.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are stack on top of each other.
a pink and yellow petal flower with a orange stigma.
this flower has a lot of petals that varies in shade in color ranging from peach to yellow.
this flower has large orange petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
large flower with elongated petals of pinkish orange and a yellow tinted center..
this flower has a couple of layers of small oblong peach colored petals.
this flower has layers of peach colored petals with tapered edges.

leaves are green,flowers are pink in color with white stamen
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this small blossom has purple and white patterned petals with serrated edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this five petaled flower has light purple colors on the inside and outside rims with a center streak of a deeper purple and long white stamen that peep out from the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a red circle
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
small bright pink flowers with white centers clustered together to make a large bloom.
this flower has broad petals of magenta with a jagged circle of deeper magenta around a white center.
a flower with short and wide petal that are purple with white pistils.

the petals of the flower are star shaped and there are purple in color.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow and black lines
the petals of this flower are purple and white with a short stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this is a flower that has white petals with yellow toward the center and black lines on the petals.
this flower has two purple petals and three white petals that have a little bit of yellow and dark lines.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black lines
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
the petals of the flower are tricolored in shades of purple, yellow and white.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are very light white colored with hues of purple.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
the petals are orange and round and the stem is green.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and forming a single layer of disc around stamens
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has small round petals with red veins and smooth edges.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a flower with short and wide petals that are yellow.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and skinny.
this bright yellow flower has lots of thin petals and bunches of stamen
yellow petaled flower with many petals with yellow stamens
the flower is bright yellow and has a lot of thin petals.
the flower has a vibrant yellow color for the petals. the stem is quite thick.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
a yellow flower with many petals and the anther, filament and stigma also yellow
this flower is yellow in color, with very thin and skiny petals.
this is a yellow flower with thin petals that flex upward.
this flower has many thin yellow petals which surround golden stamen.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the petals of this flower are red with a large stigma
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges and long green stamen
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
the flower shown has green anther with red and yellow petals
the petals of the flower are red and yellow and color and curl along the edges.
this flower has long, thin red petals whose ruffled edges are bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
this flower has ruffled petals that are red and white in color.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this is a small flower with orange petals, and white styles.
the flower has orange petals with white anther and purple pollen tubes
this flower has bright orange petals with red veins running throughout, with a cluster of white stamen.
this flower has numerous orange blossoms which are arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has a large orange petal with a white color anther on it
this flower has bright orange rounded petals and very short white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
an orange flower with speckled orange petals and bright white anther filament.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has small orange petals and a white pistil.

the petals are a light purple hue and are very delicate.
the purple petals sit on top of the green pedicel on this flower
this flower is very unique looking with pretty purple petals and crazy looking leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and fragile.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded upwards
a flower with long and wide petals that are light purple.
this flower has purple petals, green pedicels and small narrow leaves.
this flower is characterized buy its light purple petals, light green leaves, and white pistil in the center.
this flower has yellow receptacles and light purple colored petals with smooth edges.

the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower has fine rounded and very smooth petals which are white at the tips and gradually transition into a vivid yellow at the flower's center.
three blooming flowers with five petals each; every petal is yellow towards the center and white at the edge.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
these flowers have soft yellow petals on a jagged pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has small oblong petals that are yellow with white coloring around the edges.
the yellow and white petals spiral from the center of this flower, which grows on a tree.
the petals of this flower are white and have bright yellow tints on them

the flower shown has smooth white petals with white stamen in the center
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed at the edges.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this trumpet shaped flower has several conjoined white petals which ruffle slightly into tapered points.
the flower shown has thin white petals as its main feature.
this is a white flower with one large petal and white stamens.
a flat wrinkly light white flower with a white stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has white petals that are pointed at four corners
a petal that is wide and white with pointed edges.

the flower has very thin and dainty pearl white petals
this flower has rigid white petals with small stamens containing white and red anthers bursting out.
this flower contains white cylindrical petals containing long white stamens.
this pretty flower has white petals and filament pieces that make it beautiful.
the petals of the flowers are white with a tubular shape while the pistils are also white.
this flower has long, white curly petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and are very small
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled up and wavy.
this white flower has pointed petals and white stamen with purple anthers.
the petals of this flower are thin, white, and partially overlap each other.

a flower with a few large, rounded yellow petals that the interior petals have brown splotches near the base and middle of them.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the petal on this flower is yellow witch spots of orange it also posses a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange spots
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and one that is spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ha orange dots
this flower has large broad yellow petals with orange spots on it, and dark green leaves.
this particular flower has petals that are light yellow and dark dots
this flower has a white receptacle and large yellow petals with mostly smooth edges and orange spots.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
the petals of the flower have white petals and have yellow anthers.
this flower has large white petals with deep veins, and numerous pollen tubes with bright yellow anthers.
a star shaped white flower with large petals and a green stigma.
the flower has yellow stamen and soft oval white petals.
this flower has white oval shaped petals and an abundance of yellow stamen.
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner and has a bunch of yellow stamens in the center
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has layered pointy white petals and purple core and many long green filaments and anthers
this flower has nice white petals and lots of green stamen.
this flower has layers of light, pointed white petals surrounding protuberant green stamen.
this flower has pointed white petals that point out and very prominent stamen that point up.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has layers of pale white and blue petals with tapered tips.
this flower has many rows of white, pointed petals with a dark blue center and stems growing through the center.
this flower has a number of layers of white pointy petals overlapping.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
a white and blue flower with many pointed petals and large green stamen.

the flower has large white petals and a small stigma that is green.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are connected together.
this flower has large white petals and a few white stigma in the center
this flower has white petals with white stamen and large green sepals.
the flower is capsule shaped with white colored rounded petals
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this particular flower has petals that are white and light green
this delicate while flower has yellow green pistil and stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy along the edges.
a beautiful white flower that has soft and smooth petals that are fused together and a bunch of stamen are sticking out from the center

there are several layers of pink petals, that are pointed and slightly thin, around the flower, alternating and overlapping with each other.
this flower has petals that are pink with serveal layers
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals that turn more white on the lower layers.
this flower features pink and white petals in tight layers around a central ovary.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this pink flower has pointed petals that spread out and point upward.
this flower has white and pink petals that are pointed at the top
this flower has layers of upturned pink petals with tapered edges.
the petals of this flower range from white to deep pink and the sepals are large and green.

this bright red flower has a yellow and brown sunflower-like middle.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has several overlapping layers of bright red petals with rounded edges.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has red layers of petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has layers of bright red oblong shaped petals.

the flower has gray color petals that are thin, and the lengthy stamen are forming a disc on top of the petals around pistil
long blue trough petals with a psychedelic base of blue and purple bands form a plaza for a central statue of white pistils and long green stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny and wavy.
the petals of the flower on the outer layer are light purple in color.
this flower has a protruding stamen and pollen tube and several layers of distinctly-shaped light purple petals.
this purple and laveneder flower has stringy leaves and pistil is shaped like bug antlers.
this flower has rounded pale purple petals and a frizzy fringe of purple.
this flower has large lavender petals topped with needle shaped petals that are lavender purple and white.
a dull gray pinwheel shaped flower with large colored stigma.
this flower is in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pale pink flower has very delicate rounded petals with yellow ends.
this flower has small white petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has several large pink petals with very ruffled edges.
this flower has vertical rows of pale pink petals which curve and ruffle.
this flower has bright pink petals with white on the exteriors.
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
the ruffled pale pink and white petals surround a yellow and white center that is very feminine.

the petals are thin and milky white in color and the stigma is yellow.
this flower has green pedicel with small white petals as its main features
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has a lot of white petals and a lot of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has small white petals and a bright yellow pistil.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
the flower is so beautiful with petals that are white, soft, smooth and separately arranged in differently layers forming disc like shape around the bunch of yellow stamen in the centre
this flower has multiple rows of white pointed petals in a ray shape around a yellow center.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has very slim petals that are yellow with yellow stamena too
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, needle like and separately arranged around bunch of stamen
the flower shown has small yellow petals with yellow pistil as well
petals are smaller in size,stamens are many with larger yellow anthers
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a yellow ovule, yellow anther filaments and stamen, and yellow petals.
this flower has dozens of long needle like yellow petals that surround the yellow stamen.
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals in a ring configuration.

a flower with large folded inward red petals, deep crimson pedicel and sepals, and green stalk.
this flower has several large red petals with rounded, slightly ruffled edges.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curved and ruffled.
this flower has visible red petals atop a purple pedicel.
the purple pediceles are holding the red petals of the flower.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upward
this flower has large soft red petals which are smooth with rounded edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
the petals of this flower are numerous, red and orange, and overlapping.
this flower has purple stems and sepals with very bright red petals.

flower with pink petals with veins and dark pink nectar guides with elongated style and yellow anthers.
the flower has petals arranged around the stamen forming a funnel shape but the petals are separated and some has red spots in them
light red color flower with red dots in some of the petals,having yellow anthers and light red filaments
the petals of the flower are pink and hot pink while the anther is yellow and the filament is pink.
the flower has pink petals with red dots mixed in and yellow stamen
a pink and white group of flowers with a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink with spots.
this flower has wide pink petals with smooth and slightly ruffled edges.
a pistil and pink petals distinguish this flower.

the petals of the flower are white in color and are arranged in layers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are white in color and altrnatly arranged with yellow colored stigma and anthers
the ovular petals are yellow and in the center of this semi- doubled flower is lot of brighter yellow yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are pale yellow with yellow stamen.
this white flower has several layers of all white petals and yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
medium sized, yellow-white pointed petals with yellow anthers.
this flower has different rows of petals that are white in color and gently pointed at the tip.

a flower with pink petals and no visible pistils.
a very pink colored set of petals covering the insides of the flower but, it may not be fully bloomed yet.
this flower has pink petals and no visible outer stigma
this flower has overlapping layers of rounded, slightly curled pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped together.
the flower has a tightly wrapped pink petal which sits on a thin purple pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has a number of smooth pink petals wrapped around each other.
this flower has round, pink petals that surround each other tightly and separate as they bloom.

a flower with a yellow center and very round orange petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
a flower with large rounded orange petals and a central area where long orange stamen reside.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow towards the inside
this flower has large orange petals and long yellow stamen in the center
a red flower with a green leaves and the stamen are yellow
this flower has round orange petals with a wrinkled texture and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a flower that has reddish orange petals and green flowers.
this flower has orange petals and yellow stamen in the center.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
sepals are green in color,flower is capsule in shape with white colored petals
this cone shaped flower with folded white petals supported by a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of the formula formulate a cup shape, and are a solid white color.
this flower has conjoined ruffled white petals and soft green veins.
this flower is horn shaped white petals that get greenish closure to the pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines

a red and orange flower with round petals that surround yellow stamen.
the bellow shaped red flower is inverted and has petals that are soft, smooth, and separately arranged enclosing stamens
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are curled down ward.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has large red petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the center
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and shiny, thick layers of veined red petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has five red petals which also have some white on them.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the flower has red petals with yellow stamen and pistil.

flower has lavender petals with small purple lines on them and also has yellow and lavender petals
this flower contains yellow and purple petals with black stripes on the inner layer, surrounded by bright purple petals on the outer layer.
soft delicate purple, lavender and yellow flower, very inviting.
the flower shown has light and dark purple and yellow petals
this flower has violet petals with dark violet veins radiating from the center and a big yellow spot
this flower has lavender petals, some with a yellow coloration, and dark purple line on each petal.
this flower has petals that are purple and yellow and has dark lines
the petals of this flower are yellow, purple, and white, and have burgundy stripes
a purple and yellow flower with black lines running out from it's center.
this flower has 2 dark purple petals at the top, 2 light purple petals in the center, and a yellow petal at the bottom.

this flower has several wide violet colored petals with slightly rounded edges.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is blue in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has large blue petals and dark blue anthers in the center
two large upper petals and two smaller lower petals are blue-purple and surround tightly clustered black stamens.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has very thin lilac colored petals with vein-like striations.
this flower has petals that are blue and folded upwards
the purple petals have dark purple veins and curl around small purple and white stamen.

the petals on this flower are pink with white stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and layered.
the petals are a pastel pink while the stamen is yellow and stigma is brown.
this flower has petals that are pink with layers and white stamen
round pink petals in several bunched up tiers with brown tipped stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has layers of smooth rounded light pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and layered.
this flower has layers of pale pink petals with smoothly rounded edges.
this flower has layers of pale pink petals with smoothly rounded edges.

the flower has long oval petals that are yellow with red dots over it.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
long pink and pale yellow petals on a yellowish green stem.
these blossoms have six widely spaced pedals and long narrow pistil, these are yellow with red spots.
the petals of this flower are yellow with magenta dots and the pedicel is green
this flower has sparsely arranged yellow petals with dark pink spots.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flower has six yellow petals with orange spots and orange edges.

these bright yellow flowers have a tubular center and five pointed petals.
the flower has a tube like yellow petal with a large yellow pollen tube in the center
this flower has two layers of petals, one with large pale yellow petals and the inner one with darker petals that fold away from the center.
this flowers has light yellow petals forming a star shape on the outside, and tube shaped yellow petals on the inside.
the flower has one petal that enclose the stigma, and five petals that are extended around.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant yellow, with small shades of white throughout the petals.
this flower has thin pale yellow petals and a bell shaped yellow pollen tube.
this flower has large yellow petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals that form into a bell shape
this flower has a ruffled inner bell surrounded by pointed yellow outer petals.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
white pedals white middle dark green leaves
leaves are green in color,flower is white in color and anthers are larger
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
this trumpet-shaped flower has one petal only and a few stamens.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and its white petals are very smooth.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this is a white flower wide wide, open petals and a narrow pollen tube.
this flower has a large, circular white petal and a white filament.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow with big stigma
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a center composed of yellow anthers with green leaves.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are orange with orange stamen.
a large orange flower with it's reproductive organs isolated in the middle of the petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and have veins.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and orange
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a yellow style
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange stamen.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has large pink petals with white edges on them and no visible stigma
this flower has very smooth pink petals with rounded edges that angle upwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and layered
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter around the center.
this flower has pink petals with a touch of white around the edges.
this flower has bright pink petals that are almost round in shape.
the flower has pink petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has round pink petals that fold upwards together

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stigma
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has numerous yellow stamen and dark orange petals.
this composite flower of asteraceae family has whorl of orange colored outer florets forming the corolla, and the inner florets are yellow colored, and it has a long stiff pedicel.
the beautiful orange flower has petals that are separately arranged around the bunch of stamen forming a disc like shape
this flower has smooth orange layered petals with yellow stamen in the middle of it.
this flower has a ring of small orange petals that have a ribbed texture.
this flower has a yellow center and long, vertically striated orange petals.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with purple spots
this flower has long pink petals and long white stamen with white anthers on it
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have darker pink spots.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
these blossoms have pink pedals and long curved stamen, the upper pedals have much darker pink spots while the lower pedals are a single color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red spots
delicate pink petals with one of the petals sporting dark pink dots, this flower has very long pistils.
the color of the petals of this flower are two distinct shades of pink, while the stamen are visible and very long.
this flower has five pink petals in a star-like pattern with darker pink spots on them.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower has a long and thin yellow petal with a yellow pistil
the flower has many small pointy yellow petals with yellow anther in the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny and long.
the flowers has hundreds of slender yellow petals that looks like hair.
yellow flower with a bee inside of it.
a dull yellow large flower with long pedals and a tan center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and long.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pale yellow.

yellow petals, shaped like stalks of grass surround a darkish brown (maybe black) pistil.
the flower has a black colored large anthers and stigma
a flower with long thin yellow petals and a central cluster of black stamen.
the flower has petals that are yellow and pointed, with a brown center.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
this flower has elongated flat yellow petals arranged close together around its center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
the golden colored petals are long and arranged in a flat disk surrounding a cluster of dark brown stamen.
this flower hey as long yellow pencils with a brown stigma in the middle

the flower has a very bright orange petal with orange anther
this flower is vibrant red in color, and has petals that are connected together.
the flowers are big and orange, and the anther and filament are black and orange.
this flower has large rounded red petals with slight black designs in the center.
the petals of the flower is colored bright orange while it's stamen is a darker shade of brown.
this flower has a central pod surrounded by wide, rounded red petals.
this flower has bright orange petals with daubs of black at center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has a very brilliant rounded orange petals.
this flower has large orange petals that are smooth and rounded.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are orange and star shaped with yellow anthers.
this flower's medium-size petals are bright red, and its pistil is yellow.
this flower has petals that are bright red with yellow stamen.
a double row of bright red pedals surrounding a bright yellow stamen and dark red stigma.
this flower has bright red petals of an oblong shape.
this bright red looking flower has yellow stigma and the inside
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

a flower with white petals and pink streaks with no pistils visible.
this flower has small white petals with pink tips and no visible outer stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has yellow ruffled petals that are overlapped and striped with red.
this flower has petals that are white with spots of pink
the creamish white flower has many ruffled petals with an accept pink lines at the tips of the petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has red spots
this flower has a large number of white crinkled petals with pink markings bunched together.
this flower has yellow petals with splashes of pink and white at the tip
this flower has yellow white petals with red tips.

this flower has a rounded brown center surrounded by long pink petals which angle downwards.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower has pink petals that droop downwards, and an orange center.
petals are oval in shape ,they are poink in color
a flower with purple petals and yellowish red pistils in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has orange stamen
this flower has droopy thin pink petals and many orange and red tipped stamen.
this flower has a brown spiky center and long, tapered pink petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink creased petals and orange clumped anthers.

this flower has several long, smooth white petals with rounded edges.
this flower has long white petals with no visible outer stigma
a white flower with whitish sepals and a few bright white big long petals.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are large and rounded
the flower has a smooth white petal which also looks very thin
the petals on this flower are white and the pedicel is short and green
this flower is white in color, and has petals oval shaped.
this flower has all white petals that are oblong in shape and pointed upright.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and folded together

this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
the petals on this flower are purple with white and purple dots.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower has petals that are purple with white edges, and purple spots on the interior of the petal.
the petals on this flower are unique because they are together and are spotted with purple
this flower has petals that are purple and has red dots
this flower has a bell shaped petal with purple on the outside and a white interior speckled with dark patches.
white and purple make up the colors of the petals on this narrow flower
the bell shaped pinkish flower has fused petals that are supported by green sepals and has dark pink spots with white background in the inner surface
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
this flower has petals that are overlapping and orange with orange stamen.
this is a flower with round orange petals on it.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this small flower has smooth and rounded petals in a shade of bright red.
this flower has coral colored petals that form a round-shaped flower.
this flower has red petals that have small and thick stamen
this flower has many different blossoms grouped together and overlapping each other with pink petals.
characterized by broad rosy peach colored petals with even larger broad leaves.
this flower has small red blossoms with tiny rounded red petals.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
what is unique about this flower is the rigid leafy petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this star shaped white flower has conjoined petals with ruffled edges.
the white flower has petals that are starting as narrow tube and suddenly flaring out like a star shape
the flower has a single, five lobed, white petal with white anthers.
a flower with white petals and green leaves.
this flower has white petals, green veins and white stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are long and white

this flower has red and white spots on its petals which look like shells
this large flower has several big, wide petals, pink in color, with smooth rounded edges.
this flower has a weird shape that looks like a clump of mussels and clams that's violet in color.
the petals of the flowers are overlapping and are fuchsia in color with variegations of white.
these magenta and white petaled flowers almost resemble clams in shape.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are white along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
this flower has smooth oblong petals that are white and pink.
these flowers have oblong shaped petals the are purple with white streaks.
the purple and white multi-colored petals are all smooth in appearance, but differ in the rounded of their edges.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this pink flower has many rows of teardrop shaped petals that form a cone shape.
the flower shown has small red petals which are its main feature
the many pink petals were leveled on the white, thick pedicel.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen
this flower has small red petals that form a cone shape.
this red flower has pointed petals and a white pedicel.
this flower has a thick vertical chevron pattern column of waxy pink.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upwards
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and curled upward.

this flower has green pedicel and bright yellow petals as its main features
this yellow flower has a trumpet shaped center surrounded by several wide and pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this is a bright yellow flower with a long yellow stigma.
this flower has yellow petals that form a bell shape
this flower has a tube-shaped yellow blossom surrounded by pointed yellow petals.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
sepals are green in color,inne petals are purple and the oputer petals are yellow in color
this flower is orange and green in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has sharp yellow petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has small and orange petals that point upwards
this flower is orange in color, with long pointed petals.
the long, pointed, pale orange petals of this flower resemble leaves.
this orange flower has about 10 wing like petals with sharp long blue green leaves.
this flower has orange petals with very pointed tips arranged in a sparse fashion.

this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the petals on this flower are yellow with black stamen.
this flower has many large yellow petals and tons of small green stamen in the middle with white anthers on some
this yellow sun-shaped flower has a big flower head that consists of stamens and pistils.
this flower has a very wide brown center surrounded by many yellow petals with pointed tips.
this is a sunflower in full bloom with dark yellow petals around the outside and brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the golden petals shaped as elongated ovals are smooth and distinctive.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a large area of dark brown stamen.
this flower has several yellow petals situated around a brown, bulbous pistil.

the anthers are large with smaller stamen on the yellow petaled flower.
this flower has orange petals with bits of red, and white stamen.
this flower is characterized by a small group of white stamens surrounded by a crown of orange, red veined petals.
this bright yellow flower has large, round petals and short white stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have darker veins.
a group of orange and golden flowers with a white center.
this flower's yellow petals are covered in a multitude of orange veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a flower with short and wide petals that are orange.

the flower has circular disc of stamens that are curly throughout their length and below which the petals are arranged separately around pedicel and facing towards the ground
this flower has long white ovular petals with purple-spotted stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this strangely shaped flower has purple tentacles coming out above white oblong petals.
this flower has stringy purple petals over white long petals.
this flower has purple and white stamen, white petals, and wide green leaves.
a large gray flower with a large colorful stigma in center.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are curved and yellow in color and has no visible stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the flower has a yellow petal with green pedicel and sepal
this is a large tight together flower with yellow petals.
a flower with bright yellow petals and a green stem.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled around the center.
the petals of this flower are golden yellow with a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has tightly closed yellow petals atop a thick green stem.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has medium sized petals that are pink all around.
these beautiful flower has pink and white petals with green leaves
the petals of the flower are edged in white and the rest is hot pink.
the flower has petals that are mostly red and pink and has petals that are soft, smooth and forming a disc like shape
this flower has five pink petals which are deeper hued in the center and pale on the edges.
this is a two tone color flower with wide petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
this flower is made up of wjite and pink spotted petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has red circle

this is a strange flower with purple petals and a black stigma.
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
a flower with ragged purple petals and central cone of purple stamen
the petals are purple and are spikey and they are star shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green style
this lilac flower has long thin petals that appear to be sharp and has a thick, blueish/purple pistil.
the pistil is a dark purple covered with lighter purple stamen and the petals are light purple in color and thin with serrated edges.
this flower has spiky green balls at the center and spiky purple protrusions.
the purple petals are thin resemble feathers surrounding dark purple stamen.

flower has petals that are overlapping and dark pink with green stigma.
the flower has some petals that are small, red and round.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are pink with green style
this is a flower that has many pink petals coming off of it.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large red petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has bright pink petals in rows extending down a dark green pistil.

the flower shown has a rough peach petal with a yellow pistil
this flower is pink and orange in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a large coral colored shiny petal and a long fat yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
this flower has a single large rubbery coral petal and a short thick yellow stamen coming out of the ovule.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large thick petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
a shiny heart shaped petal surrounding an orange cob shaped pistil.
this flower has a prominent orange pistil and a large pink petal.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this is a thin flower with purple petals with white spots.
this trumpet shaped flower has the purple petals dotted inside with white and brown
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
flowers are alternately arranged,they are pule in color with brown patches on the inside
this flower had a singel dark purple petal that folds over into a bell shape.
the petals are pinkish purple with white and dark purple spots and form the shape of a vase.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
a flower with tube shaped petals that are purple with spots.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are orange with many yellow stamen.
the flower is orange and has sepals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around clustered stamens
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have a center made of yellow anthers.
the flower has nine orange petals surrounding gold colored stamen, and pistil.
this flower has thick yellow center stamen and wide red-orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has orange veined petals and a ball of yellow anthers in the center.
this flower has small oblong petals arranged in a ring formation.

this flower has blue and white petals which circle the green and purple pollen tubes
this unique flower features a strange arrangement of white-blue petals and alien-like pistil.
the flower is big and disc shaped with petals and stamen forming two layers around the green pistil
a flower with little pistil and is surrounded by leaves
this colorful flower has star shaped petals and a bright blue and white pistil.
this flower is white, blue, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with large shiny white oval sepal, blue and white bristle like petals, large green stamen, and a deep purple pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower has white petals with blue, white, and purple filaments.
a flower that has long narrow pistils that are white and blue.

a flower with triangular pink petals and yellow stamen
this flower features prominent yellow stamens surrounded by layers of oval shaped pink petals.
this cheery pink flower has triangular petals arranged in several layers around bright yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed.
in the center is many yellow filaments surrounded by many slightly oval petals.
this flower has layers of pale pink petals which have tapered tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are in a cluster, and the stamens are a bright yellow color.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

his flower contains a single pink petal shaped like a leaf, with a long fuzzy pistil that sticks in the direction of the petal.
this flower has a single dark peach colored petal and peach stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has nice red petals and a yellow and white stigma.
a pink and orange flower with a heart shaped petal and a thick white and yellow stigma.
this flower has a long thick white stamen surrounded by a thick waxy pink petal with pointed tip.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large thick heart shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are pink
this flower has a single bright pink large petal and an thick upright white pistil.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has a small red petal and a long red stamen in the center
this small flower has several overlapping red petals with smooth, rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red with short steman
an array of red florets featuring dark red pollen tubes and green and brown leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and has red stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
this flower has overlapping bright red-orange petals and a red pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are red colored and round shaped.
this flower has small and rounded petals that overlap each other in a wheel-like configuration.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
this flower has very large and wide orange petals with rounded and slightly ruffled edges.
a flower with multicolored red, orange and yellow pedals.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the flower has a bright orange petal around the dark red pollen tube
stamen are barely visible and dull colored and the petals are large, and bright orange and yellow with irregular shapes.
this flower has petals that are orange with small white stamen
this flower has an irregular arrangement of overlapping petals that are smooth in texture and bright orange in color.
the orange petals are slightly ruffled and the stamen is small and orange.

this flower has broad, dark yellow petals and matching yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this bright yellow flower has a row of five petals with the prominent yellow anthers at the centre
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has yellow petals as well as yellow stamen.
these flowers have yellow petals and yellow stamen in the center.
this yellow flower has five rounded petals, and many yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and wrapped around the ovule.
this flower has many layers of ruffled petals that are a light red color.
a light pink and orange flower with rounded petals and a small stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has peach petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of wide and rounded pink petals with smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower has rows of pink petals with a yellow vein.
the petals of the flower are light orange in color and have leaves that are green in color.

a flower with many stubby, short yellow petals surrounded by reddish-brown sepals and pedicel.
the flower shown has tiny yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are small.
this flower has petals that are yellow with short steman
this flower has dark red stem and sepals surrounding long, very thin fringe like yellow petals.
this flower has a dense amount of small yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has a brown pedicel with pale yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
a flower with light yellow and green petals coming out of a brown pedicel.
the petals of the flower are thin in shape and yellow in color.

the eight petals of this blossom resemble leaves but are purple with white veins, the center has white stamen with purple ends.
a purple and white pointed flower with tiny purple and white stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have white stripes.
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has dark purple petals with white stripes down the center and long, white and purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white lines
this flower has long and pointed purple petals with vertical stripes.
this flower contains eight elongate purple and levender petals under a row of purple and white needle shaped petals.

the flower has a bunch of violet colored petals with some dots of black and purple in the inner portion.
this large lavender flower has a light purple receptacle that extends outward into the lavender, connected petals shaped almost like the bottom of a bell.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has large blue flowers and a few anthers in the center
a large somewhat-trumpet shaped flower with slightly curling blue petals that have a purplish and yellow spotted pattern near the base.
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a trumpet shape of bluish purple petals with purple spots in the middle.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
a purple flower with many petals that form an enclosure around a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has shades of green

the flower has yellow petals with yellow filaments and red anthers.
this light yellow flower has scarlet markings toward the center of the flower and yellow filaments.
the petals are yellow with dark red in the middle with multiple feather-like yellow filiments.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has yellow petals with red markings and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower has five rounded petals which are yellow with red accents.
this flower has yellow petals with bright red "paint splash" like colors towards the center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that have ridges.
this is a round shaped flower. the petals are two colors, yellow with red in the middle.

this flower has a green pedicel and small pink petals as its main features
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
petals are rounded in shape ,they are light purple in color
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this pale purple flower has petals that are wildly spread out.
these purple flowers have many small petals and light purple stamen
this flower has papery, light purple petals and a large bunch of light purple stamen in the center.
this flower has an uneven arrangement of very small light purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together

the pale yellow flower has very distinctive wide broad petals.
the yellow flower has separated petals that are irregularly arranged and has green sepal
the petals of this flower is yellow with green stems.
the yellow petals are bent outward and the pedicel is green.
the petals of this flower are pale yellow in color
this flower has a green pedicel with curved yellow petals.
this flower has three large yellow petals with a white and yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
the flower has three oddly shaped creamy yellow petals, with yellow anthers.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower is bright pink with openings near the pink pistil.
the petals of this pink flower are rounded and encircle a cluster of pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
this is a large flower with pink petals and green near the ovary.
a large bubblegum colored flower with a pink stigma center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have darker striped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
medium pink rippled petals are arranged in a single row around a central, identically colored pistil, with green and black accent colors deep in the throat of the flower.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored with white lines running along the length.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
hanging down from green sepals, the bell-shaped white petals of this bloom are spotted inside with black dots.
this flower had white round petals with dark purple spots on the inside.
this flower has a long white petal with a lot of purple spots on the inside
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this particular flower has petals that are white and dark dots
a flower that has a tube shaped petal that is white with spots.
the white petals form a bell shape, and are speckled with dark purple on the interior.

the flower shown has smooth white and yellow petals with green pedicel
this flower has petals that are white with yellow towards the center
the flower shown has five white petals with yellow in the center.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has oval petals that are white with alittle yellow at the bottom.
the flower has five white petals that turn creamy yellow toward the center.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a red pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals oval shaped.
a flower with a long and narrow petal that is white and yellow.
this flower has five light purple and yellow petals that overlap near the pistil.

this flower has large smooth petals with rounded edges in shades of pale and medium pink.
this flower has broad purple and yellow streaked upper petals and a large light pink lower petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow lines
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals are long and broad as well as pink with darker pink veins and tints of yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has one large light pink petal and three other smaller petals that are dep pink with purple lines and shades of yellow.
this flower has smooth petals that are different shades of light pink, dark pink, white and yellow.
this flower has four petals; one light purple and the other three light purple with dark red and white veins.
the flower has four asymmetrical petals that have pink edges, yellow centers, and red veins.

a flower with pink and white large petals and pink interior stamen.
this dark pink flower has ruffly petals that do not make an even circle.
the large petals of this flower are bright pink and the stamen are a lighter pink.
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven on the edges.
this flower has pink petals with white stripes and pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has large pink petals that are white towards the center.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pink stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are very thin.
a closed up flower with lavender petals and no visible pistils.
the petals of the flower are purple, with small curved pedicels.
this flower has petals that are pink with short stamen
this flower has a large pink petal and no visible stigma on it
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, fused and supported by yellowish green sepals on the top of green pedicel
this flower has petals of light lavender veined with darker lavender.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a satellite shape
a flower with long and thin petal that is light purple.

this flower has green and purple spiky looking petals with a lot of pointy purple stamen in the middle.
this flower houses a special set of erect, purple stamen covering most of its core and dense, green-purple petals.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the flower has a green pedicel and a lot of purple anther and filaments
this plant has distinctive thick sepal that form in a plush triangle in several layers on top of which the purple bloom is exposed, consisting of many light purple, slender, blade-like petals, and a yellow center stamen circle.
this flower has petals that are green and has purpley stringy stamen
this flower has thick green and pink sepals with lots of thin purple petals.
this flower has layers of thick pointed green leaves topped with purple fringe.
this flower has dark red petals that are rough and thick, with light blue stamen in the center.
this flower has a large, prominent lavender colored pistil and a pale green stem.

this milky white flower has the four steps of closely arranged petals with the stamens holding the large yellow anthers at the top
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower is white with layers of petals that are soft, smooth and so beautifully having the stamen with anthers at the centre
delicate white petals with a lacy appearance and a small yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
a flower with short and wide petals that are white.
this flower has white petals with layers and yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered and rounded.
the flower is so beautiful with white petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged spirally around stamen that are yellow
this is a white flower with yellow stamen, where the petals are rounded.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals are fuschia and arounded and there are lots of fine stamen.
many purple stamen longer ,with darker anthers
the big flower has petals that are pink with some petals having red spots and the stamen are sticking out from the centre
the flower has seven petals that are hot pink in color with dots of red.
this pink and dark red flower has rounded petals and pink and gray stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this bright pink flower has ruffled petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower has nine long petals with serrated edges surrounding a core of yellow and brown stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has petals that are bright pink with spherical yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a round yellow center and vertically grooved petals which have jagged edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has seven individual petals that our deep pink in color with a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has eight long bright pink petals around a bright yellow stamen.

this flower has light pink petals that face upwards and curve around the ovule.
this flower has pink petals that overlap with green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are pink fading to white
the flower has pink and white petals with leaves a long green stem
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this is a pink flower with many clustered petals cupped up from a straw-like green stem, and the pistil and stamen can't be seen.
this flower has light pink petals that face upwards towards the sky and get darker towards the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has pink and white petals and a long narrow green stem.
this flower has a green pedicel and pedals that go from inner white to a dark pink at the tips of the pedals.

a vivid yellow flower with spiked looking petals and a darker yellow center.
the flower has petals that are narrow and yellow with yellow stigma.
this flower has long yellow petals and yellow anthers in the middle of it
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the flower has several yellow petals that are very narrow and overlap.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and long.
this flower has stringy and yellow petals that form a circle around the center
this flower has very skinny bright yellow petals that form a ray-like shape.
this flower is golden yellow in color and has a circular row of very thin yellow petals shaped like needles.
this flower has many long spiky yellow petals with small balls of yellow at center.

an elegant water flower with white petals edged with pale pink and brightly colored yellow stamens and stigma.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink at the tips.
the flower has smooth white petals with yellow anther and a yellow pollen tube
this flower has pink and white petals and a yellow pistil
a delicate purple tinged the edges of the white petals which are long ovals with rounded tips.
a flower with medium length white petals that also have a bit of pink, and surround yellow stamen.
this flower has a thin green pedicel, white petals with pink ends and a center of yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has a prominent yellow pistil, thin yellow stamen, and oblong white petals with pink edges.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this small flower has four smooth red petals with a round shape.
the petals on this flower are red with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower has four red petals and a white stigma.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has bright read petals that are rounded in shape and very short white stamens.
this flower has red petals that have small white stamen
four large red oval pedals from a branched pedicel with white stamen.
four large red oval pedals from a branched pedicel with white stamen.

this flower consists of many spiky yellow petals with an orange ovary and many orange short stamens.
the spiky, thin yellow petals of this flower radiate outward from its bushy stamen.
light yellow petals dark yellow middle
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringhy
the center of the flowers are covered with stamen and the petals are thin and bright yellow.
the flower is characterized by its light yellow color of its stringy petals and its dark yellow pistil and stamen at the center.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are yellow.
the petals of the flower are long, and very thin, while the stamen of the flower is in a cluster configuration.
this flower has long skinny needle like petals surrounding darker yellow stamen.

this flower is circular with white petals and white stamen.
the petals on this flower are large and white with white pistil in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointy along the edges.
this large trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals with pointed and ruffled edges.
this flower has white flat connected petals with light cream colored center stamen.
a broad white flower with soft white petals surrounding long light green stamen with dark colored anther filament.
a white flower with yellow stamen and stigma and the leaves are green
this flower has one solid white petals and long protruding anthers.
a flower with wide and pointed petals that are is white.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
these flowers has purple petals with pointed tips.
this star shaped flower has five wide pointed purple petals with leaf like veins.
the flower has deep violet petals with dark purple veins.
the filament of the stamens are color white, and the stigma is color purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark imprints
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has a purple star shape with darker, deeper purple veins.
this five petalled flower has visible veins that show in the right light.
the flower is so vivid with purple color and has petals that are soft and stamen are white and sticking out from the centre

this flower has rugged red petals with and no styles.
the flower has hard red petals in layers, the petals underneath the button are big.
a flower with waxy red petals and with small brown stamen
this flower has several layers of red petals it also has several sapels surrounding the bottom.
this waxy flower has red curved petals and long green leaves.
petals are waxy and red colored and the sepals are waxy and green colored.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
a red flower with three different sets of different shaped petals.
this flower has many red petals which also have some white on them.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are shiny and oval shaped.

this flower has large whit petals with yellow centers with white anthers
this flower has petals that are white with short stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have small veins.
this is a pale yellow, star shaped flower with a darker yellow line down the center of each of the five petals.
the flower has a white petal with a white anther and filament
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
the petals on this flower are white and the pistil is olive yellow
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.
this flower has a large white petal with green veins and uneven edges.
this pale, white flower has soft yellow variegated petals with a trumpet shape.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around the disc of sepal
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of red
this is a flower that has white and pink petals with a dark pink center.
this flower has petals that are pink in color with a very smooth texture.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and darker near the base.
a light pink flower with pink petals and a dark pink center
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red center
this flower has red and pink petals as well as a green sepal.

the flower has separate petals and its yellow in color with black fillaments
this flower is white, purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has a few pale purple petals that are yellow at their base and have streaks of white and black on them.
this flower has a soft purple colored petals with white and yellow pistil
this flower has purple petals which are oval shaped and have some veining.
the flower has bulbous purple petals with a yellow area near the stamens.
beautiful purple flower with some yellow color in the center of it.
this flower has lavender petals that have white and yellow closer to the pistil.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has five smooth and round petals in varying shades of purple.

this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled.
a strange looking flower with yellow petals and brown markings.
this flower has large bright yellow petals that curve under towards the ground.
this large flower has several long, wide yellow petals which curl slightly downwards.
this flower has long, large yellow petals with slightly ruffled edges.
the bold yellow petals are large yet few in number and are accented with a subtle brown veining.
this flower has bright yellow petals that have smooth edges but a wrinkled texture.
this yellow flower has long, curved petals with brown spots.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped and ruffled.

this single white flower has small white petals and stamen,
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white pointed petals with a green stem
this flower has white petals and long white stamen and white anthers on it
this flower has four delicate white petals that are ovular and several stamen that extrude downward away from the petals.
this flower has white petals with long stamen in the middle
this flower has 4 white petals with a series of long white stigma.
this flower has four thin white petals which widen and then taper.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
a large white flower with a very long stigma and a tan tip.

this flower has very dense, yellow, ribbon like petals with thin leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched togeher.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
flower has many small wavy yellow petals with a few green pistils in the center.
the petals of the flower are yellow with curly petals and green leaves.
this flower has layers and layers of yellow petals.
this bright yellow flower grows in clusters, and you are unable to see the individual stamen of each flower.
this flower has a ball-like shape that consists of very many small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
a flower with narrow and short petals that are yellow.

a flower with ruffled blue and deep red petals and central cluster of whtie stamen
the petals on this flower are big and white and have ruffles on the edges of them
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this bright white flower has frilly petals with vibrant purple at the very center, just encircling the attachment of the white filaments.
this flower has petals that are blue with flowery stigma
this flower has white crinkled, and rough around the edges petals, with a purple center, and a white stigma.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purle center
this flower has white petals with a purple tip and down near the bottom of the style it turns purplish red with vibrant white filament.
this flower has large white petals with a red ovary and a small white pistil.

the flower has large deep yellow petals, with some red veins near the base of the petal. it has the same deep yellow color on the stamen and pistil
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and ruffled together
a small orange flower with round and ruffled petals that hold orange stamen.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have orange details towards the center.
the ruffled orange petals have dark orange veins and the sepals are green.
this flower has yellow-orange petals that are tinged with dark red in the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has very round orange petals with red accents and delicate veins.
this flower has brightly colored orange petals with some red markings.

this is a cup shaped flower that is light purle with a very darker shade spotting inside
this flower has bell shaped light purple petals, with darker purple spots on the inside.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has ovular purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
this flower has bell shaped brown polkda dotted purple petals, a brown stamen, and a green pedicel.
the pink flower is inverted bell shape with fused petals that are pink, soft, smooth and has dark pink spots in the inner surface
this flower has bell shaped petals that are purple with spotted insides.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this plant has many light purple individual petals that have white coloring on the inside with purple spots.

the flower petals are compactly packed together an are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
this rounded flower has numerous layers of small orange petals which are very ruffled in shape.
this flower has a lot of yellow petals that are grouped together with no visible stigma
the flower shown has many smaller petals which are yellow in color and yellow stamen
the petals of a flower formulate a small cup shape, and are a vibrant orange color
this flower has a cluster of numerous tiny orange petals which are deeply ruffled.
this flower has many rumpled round orange petals in a globe around it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has a large number of ribbon like yellow petals that get darker closer to the pistil.

this flower has petals that are yellow with short stamen
this flower has bright yellow petals surrounding white stamens as its main features.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flower has yellow petals with white stamen and purple sepal
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower is a dark yellow color with white anthers.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has yellow petals that have small and white stamen
this flower has multiple blossoms at the top of its stem along with bright yellow rounded petals.

the petals of the flower are light purple in color and have layers that are ruffled in shape.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bunched together and wavy.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this is a light purple flower with numerous small petals.
the flower has many lavender colored petals in many layers.
a large white and purple flower attached to a green stem.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
the numerous petals on this single flower are a calming lavender with a brush of white.

this flower is funnel shaped with the outer part of the petal is green with the inner part being white
flower is capsule in shape nad green white,with larger white anthers
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the flower has white anther inside of a green and white petal and a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has petals with an olive tint and a green pedicel.
the flower has white stamen and pistil with white and green petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.

this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
a group of multi sharp pointed yellow and red petals surround a center of tiny stamen.
the center of the flower is round with petals around.
pointed yellow petals with brown bases and red-orange middles surround a flat disk of yellow stamens in two layers, on thick, bright-green stalks.
bright orange radiate head flower with red darts pointing toward center.
petals are darkest in the center and become lighter at the edges, beginning with brown which fades to orange and then yellow.
a flower with brown, orange and yellow petals.
this flower has yellow and has red lines on them
this flower has a large round center and many petals attached to it, which are bright yellow on the outer edge but getting darker and darker in color to dark brown when they reach the center.
this flower has yellow and red petals with pointed tips arranged in a ray-like shape.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow style
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and white in color, with only one large petal.
the stamina is at the center of the flower and is yellow.
flower has a single white petal and an orange stamen.
this white, spiral flower has single layer, with a yellow pollen tube nestled in the center.
this flower is white in color, and has one large petal.
a asymetrical, white flower shaped like a cup or cone with a very prominent, yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
oval shaped white flower with a pointed top and a draping bottom.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals are color red and they have different sizes.
the flowers have long red petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has large red petals and green stigma in the center of it
this flower has varying sizes of leaf-shaped bright magenta petals with green leaves and a little cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has red leaf-like pointed petals with pronounced veins.
large green oval-shaped sepals can be seen beneath overlapping layers of reddish-pink pointed petals of varying sizes, and the center is a small clustered yellow stigma.
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are bright red.
this flower has a green sepal and red petals all over.
this flower has large red petals at the bottom that get smaller the closure they get to the pistil.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the petals of this flower are purple with white dots.
the flower has a long curved pedicel that is dark brown colored.
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
these flowers bend downwards, and have purple petals that have a pattern of small circles covering them.
this flower has purple petals that have pink dots all over them
this flower is bent, with large multicolored petals protecting the pistil and stamen from the elements.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are curled down ward.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thick and separately arranged around the pedicel forming bowl like shape and facing towards the ground

a flower with wide pink petals and green and yellow stamen cluster
this flower has pink leaves with white at the bottom and a large green pistel and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stigma
there are few very large overlapping pink petals surrounding a yellow stamen with a large green stigma.
this flower has soft pink petals with brown and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red and yellow stamen
this flower has papery, light pink petals and a light green stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has green pistils surrounded by large light pink petals.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
a flower with broad folded pink petals and large pink anther and filaments
this flower has bright pink petals and a green receptacle.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has pink petals with strands of pink stamen in the center of it.
this pink petaled flower has many petals with several sepals near the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long oddly shaped pink petals sitting on a green pedicel.
this flower has pink petals that are thin and spiky in appearance.

a yellow composite flower has five outer broad and flat florets forming a disc and the inner florets are thin filamentous.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by five wide yellow petals with rounded edges.
the flower has a set of 5 circular petals which is yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow steman
a large pedaled flower with a green center and a long stick pedals attached to center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a stringy stamen
this flower has a short green pistil surrounded by shiny bright yellow petals in a wheel formation.
this flower has five wide and shiny yellow petals with rounded tips.
this flower is yellow and green in color, and has petals that are rounded.

this flower has petals that are pink with red circle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
stamens are white and longer,peals are pink in color
the petals on this flower have a circular design and are pink and the filaments stick out
this is a pink flower that turns white toward the receptacle.
this flower has small pink petals with designs in shades of pink and rose.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are multicolored and rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple circle
a flower with petals that are different shades of purple with purple pistils.

the flower has petals that are purple with yellow centers.
the petals of this flower are purple and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has purple petals and a little bit of yellow at the end of each one.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow center
this flower has green sepals and has purple and yellow petals.
this flower has purple petals that have yellow in the center
this flower has a lot of flowers and purple petals with inner stamen of yellow.
this flower has purple heart shaped petals with a yellow center that has orange lines and is outlined in white.
flowers has a single layer of purple petals that turn white then yellow in the interior.

this flower has purple leaves with white and purple details, green sepal, and green pedicel.
purple tube flowers with black and white dots inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower shown has purple petals with white spots on them
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and purple in color, with bell shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red dots on them
multiple hanging purple bell shaped single pedal flowers with intricate spot designs inside.
this flower has a bunch of trumpet shaped blossoms with spots on the inside of the pink petals.

a beautiful flower with purple petals and white stamen and stigma.
this flower has long white stamen and long purple petals that come to a point at the end.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
deep purple flowers with 6 long petals with a cluster of yellowish stamen in the middle
this striking flower features long white stamens surrounded by six purple petals.
slightly spaced apart long thing speckled purple petals with pointed tips and white long thin stamen strands.
this flower is dark purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
thin white anther are surrounded by dark purple pointy petals.
this flower has short white stamen surrounded by a six point wheel configuration of bright purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen

the flower is made of a large bloom that is white in color.
the flower has a large round white petal and a white stamen
this beautiful white flower with fanned petals with highly visible and long stigma and anther is quite seductive.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are connected to each other.
a white flower with white anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has petals that are white and has a small stigma
the petals of the flower emulate the shape of a fan, and the tips of the petals are pointed.
this flower has a rounded star shape of conjoined white petals which are soft and smooth.
there are white pedals that spiral slightly from the base of white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.

the flower shown has several layers of small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has many round yellow, orange petals that grow all around the flower creating a sphere.
the flower has many yellow petals and no stamen or pistil is sen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bunched together.
this flower is entirely yellow orange in color, with dense wavy petals that give the flower a pom pom like shape.
this flower has a ball-like appearance that consists of a large number of very small yellow petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
these yellow flowers have veined, slightly rounded petals which overlap slightly.
the leaves are dark green in color the petals are rounded and yellow in color
the flower has yellow petals with a green pollen tube in the center
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the petals are golden color and the sepals are green and wrinkly.
this flower has yellow petals that are slightly overlapping in a wheel-like formation.
this flower has yellow petals with smooth edges embedded on green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and thin.

this flower has purple and white two tone petals that drop upside down
the flower has petals that are drooping and dark pink with white spots.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has a purple petal and a bunch of white dogs on the outside
this drooping bell shaped flower has a purple and white pattern on its petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots
the pistil is of light pink and darker shades of pink, it is of bilateral symmetry.
this flower has purple, white and brown spotted petals that are curved downwards and a green pedicel.
this flower has colorful petals that are a combination of white and purple.

this flower has petals that are pink with many layers and yellow steman
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the edge.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of pointed pink petals.
the flower shown has pink petals with yellow stamen in the middle
the flower has a lot of thick and pink colored petals with its center portion where the stamen is located in yellow color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is so big with pink petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around a bunch of yellow stamens in bowl like manner
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of pale pink petals.
a flower with three layers of pink petals that surround a cluster of yellow stamen.

the petals of the flower on the bottom are pink in color and the middle layer are stringy and white.
this flower has a layer of pink elongated pointed petals then a layer of long thread like protrusions and finally a center with a green star shaped protruding center.
flower with purple petals on the anterior side and thin filament like petals on the inner side and green style
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a firework shaped flower with long white stamen and long purple flower petals.
this flower has large purple petals underneath a fringe of white quills and thick green stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
this particular flower has petals that are purple and white and yellow
this flower has long white petals above and pink petals underneath.
this flower has pink petals, white filaments, and large yellow stamen.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has several layers of lavender to darker purple petals with a center stamen of yellow.
this flower has petals that are purple with white steman
the flower has many violet petals and a long green pedicel.
this flower has bright orange stamen and oblong purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the purple consists of broad, smooth petals curling upwards and slightly inwards with yellow pistils and stamen, and narrow green leaves.
this flower has big purple petals with orange filament and anther.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
flower has petals that are bright yellow with orange center.
this flower has the two row of yellow petals arranged as a circle with the brownish clumsy stamens at the middle
the yellow thin petals are around a big circle in the center of the flower.
the petals on this flower are yellow and in a circular shape
the petals of this flower are very bright yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has long pointed petals with brown filaments and yellow anthers.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
this yellow flower has pointed petals and orange stamens with orange anthers.

smooth large orange petal with a green filament and a pink anthem.
light orange petals with deep purple veins.
this flower has protruding pink stamen and several large orange leaf-like petals.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
a flower that has light orange petals and pink tipped filaments
this flower has bright orange leaves with pointed tips and delicate veins.
this particular flower has petals that are long and dark orange
this flower has orange petals that look like leaves with pink stamen growing out of the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has imprint lines
this flower has broad orange petals, red anther filaments and a yellow-green pedicel.

this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
white petals with a white filament and brown and white anthers.
this flower has white fluffy petals and a green pistil.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has a large white petal that looks conjoined in appearance.
this flower has a large funnel-shaped petal with a smooth texture and edges that gently fold over.
this flower has a delicate conjoined white petals with smooth and pointy edges.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled on the edges.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are shaped like a cone.
the flower has petals that are orange and shaped like a tube.
these are orange-red trumpet shaped flowers with a long throat.
the curved petals of this flower are red in color.
a cluster of orange flowers in the shape of a tulip
this flower has five red pedals that get darker the closure they get to the pistil.
this flower has a trumpet shape with a deep throat that flares out in bright orange petals.
a flower with long and curled petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are red and have a yellow stamen
a flower with bright red petals arranged in a star shape with yellow anthers coming from the center.

a flower with thin pink and white petals and cluster of white and yellow stamen
a flower with bright pink petals accompanied by white anther filaments and darker pink pistils.
this sun-shaped pink flower has a flower head that contains different colors of stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are white at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
these flowers have pink skinny petals with yellow stamen in the center of them.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are white only on the tips.
this flower has many long slender petals of dark pink shading to light pink at the ends with white and red speckled center.
this flower has pink petals that have red and yellow stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a purple stamen.

this flower has a white wrapping floral bract as its main feature.
the pedicel is green in color,petal is large and rounded in shape
this flower is white and green in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has long thick big petals that appear to be connected as one big white petal that wraps around the flower.
this flower has cream colored petals shaped like a cone and light green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has a thick and very smooth yellow petal which is upturned slightly.
this flower has a green pedicel with a large white petal.
this particular flower has petals that are white and curved

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange with flowery stamen
this flower is fluffy orange with yellow stigmas and brown marks on its petals.
the flowers has a strange looking set of petals that looks more like leaves than petals.
this flower has the yellow large petals with the row of tiny white petals at the middle
there is a beautiful yellow flower with petals and more little flowers growing on top of it.
this flower has larger curved light pink leaves, as well as smaller white petaled flowers, with long slightly lumpy stamens and somewhat translucent tawny leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are orange and has flowery stigma
this flower has large yellow sepals and very small white petals.

a flower with greenish purple petals and large lavender pistils.
this bowl shaped flower has three rows of thick purple petals with the many blue stamens stand at the middle
the petals are green while the filaments are tall and purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has many pointed green sepals surrounding a fringed hairlike growth of very thin purple petals.
this flower has thick stubby purple and green leaves around a fringe of purple hairs.
this flower has long spiky-shaped purple petals and no visible pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has spiky thin blue petals atop layers of thick green and purple sepals.

this flower has large white petals with a yellow center and no stamen on it
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow towards the center.
the center of the flower is orange, and the outer edges of the petals are white.
the flower is white with its petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the sepal overlapping each other
this flower has five round smooth white petals and a yellow center.
the petals are white, with yellow in the middle, and tight buds surrounding the flower.
this flower has all white petals that overlap each other, they turn yellow towards the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

three layers of thick green petals surrounding thousands of vibrant purple stamen.
the flower shown has green sepal with bright purple petals
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has thin purple petals that look like spikes.
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are green.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
the petals on this flower are green with lots of bright pink stamen.
the pistal is very busy with purple stamens and tips on petals
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen

a flower with ruffled broad whtie petals, white anther, and green filaments
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this is a large flower with yellow stigma and a connected petal.
this white flower has five petals and a bunch of florets and stamens in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has large white petals that are slightly overlapping in a circular arrangement.
this flower is light green in color, and has petals that are wavy.,
this white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has creamy white colored petals surrounding a little darker stamen and pistil.

the flower has red petals with green sepals and pedicels.
this flower has small red petals and no visible stamen on the outside of it
the flowers have green sepals and no stamen and pistil is seen.
green leaves with crunchy looking red flakes in the center.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the stigma is long and contains many small red flowers, and the leaves are long and droplet shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has dark red petals that grow up the stem of each flower with light red pedicels.
this flower has red petals and a brown stem with bright green broad leaves.
there are many small, red flowers with pointed petals bunched in a vertical grouping.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five wide and flat purple petals which have a smooth surface and rounded edge.
the flower is a brilliant purple with six petals and a single stem.
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has small stamen
this flower has a small protruding purple stigma with five purple petals.
this flower has a light lavender stamen with broad purple petals and a brown and yellow green stem.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
five purple petals surround a purple stamen in this flower.

the petals for this flower flare out and have an ombre effect starting from pink on the outer edges of the petal and going to white or yellow as it reaches the pollen tube.
this pink,white and yellow flower has large scalped pedals with purple filaments jetting up from a green center .
the flower has large petals that curl along the edges are are pink and yellow in color.
this flower has layered, white petals trimmed in pink with ruffled edges.
a group of flowers that have pink edges, and yellow and white centers.
this flower is pink and white petals along with a long stamen and pistol.
this flower has large white petals with pale yellow centers and ruffled pink edges.
the petals are mostly white with pink edges but some of them have yellow towards the stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
the flower has purple and green stamen and pink and white wavy petals.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower is rose like with an orange and yellow color scheme.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a reddish tinge.
a flower with prominently yellow petals and multiple green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red shade
this flower has sharply pointed green sepals and smooth yellow petals with a bit of orange markings.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled around the ovary.
this yellow petaled flower with orange highlights is wrapped tightly around the pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this yellow and pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower is violet with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pistill
this flower has purple petals, orange stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has rounded purple petals that curl at the end and yellow stamen.
the flower has purple colored petals and bright gold stamens.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen

the green sepals are ditached from the yellow part of the flower.
a yellow multiple pedaled flower with bright red center springing up from delicate stems.
this flower is in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stamen
a flower with thin yellow petals, cluster orange stamen, green sepals, and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are bright yellow and numerous in amount.
this flower has simple yellow rows of petals, with a red receptacle and yellow pollen tubes.
this brightly colored yellow flower has a double row of petals surrounding a tightly packed inner circle of orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
large, thin, bright yellow petals and dark red anthers, and green sepals and pedicel.

this flower has green sepal and bright blue petals as its main features
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are blue with patches of green
this flower is trumpet shaped with blue and green petals and pouch like sepals.
the petals on this flower are blue with no visible stamen.
the petals are big and bright blue with some yellow and black spots.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this blue and yellow flower has round petals and a red and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green patches
a flower with wide petals that are blue.

the flower has pink and white petals with a yellow stigma in the middle.
a pink flower with a yellow center and white highlight within the petals
this flower has petals that are white in the center but turn purple toward the tips.
the cone shaped pistil is surrounded by stamen of the same yellow color, but the petals, although they start as yellow turn to pink the further away from the center they get.
this flower has curved, pointy petals that curve upwards and start off white near the receptacle and end with dark purple tips.
this flower has white petals trimmed in lavender with smooth rounded edges.
this flower's petals are white with a tinge of pink on the far edges (opposite the center of the flower), they are multi-layered petals; while there are many short yellow stamens, and flat saucer shaped stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the tips.
this flower has multiple layers of white and pink petals that surround a yellow pistil
the flower has many white petals with pink around the edges surrounding gold colored stamen, and a large pistil.

the flower shown has peach and yellow petals which are stacked and very small
this flower has small yellow petals and a red stigma in the center
this flower has white filaments and multiple pink petals that fade to pale yellow.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the layers of the flower are formed by pink and yellow petals that are pointed.
the petals on this flower are peach and yellow and the pedicel is dark green
the petals of the flowers are layered and are various shades of pink and yellow.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has soft orange layered petals blossoming on a green bush.
this flower has petals that are orange and has shades of yellow

sepals are green in color,petals are floret and light pink in color
a flower with groups of folded inward pink and red tinged petals
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched and wavy.
the flower has petals that are overlapping, pink and shaped like a sphere.
this flower has puffy pink petals that have a crumple appearance.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and closely bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
a pink flower with ribbon like pink petals cover it's stamen.
this flower has a dome shape that is made up of many small crinkled pink petals arranged tightly together.

flowers with large white and pink petals on a maroon stem.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a pink and white flower with upward facing petals.
this double colored flower has the pink petals shaded with the white color on a reddish pedicel
this flower has a few very large petals that are white with a pink streak down the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.
this flower has thick and very smooth white petals with center pink stripes.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has magenta petals, with areas of white on them.
this flower has very smooth petals that are pink and white in color.

this flower has several white petals with white filament and darker anthers
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
this milky white flower has a simple row of petals in a circular shape with the stamens with yellow anthers at the center
this flower has white stamen at its center with white petals.
these flowers have white layers overlapping the other with white stamen in the center of them.
white round tipped petals with a center crease and inner white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ovalshaped.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
this flower has a large round red petal and a pointy yellow stamen.
this is a flower with one large red petal and a long green pistil.
the stamen is yellow in color while the petal is red.
this flower is red, white, and yellow in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
this flower has silky red petals and a yellow tube like pistil
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
the flower has one large, glossy, red petal with a large white, and yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style

the small lavender flower has many small arrow shaped lavender petals.
a purple flower with a lot of three pronged petals.
this beauty has purple petals that are shaped like frogs feet with a cute worker bee on stamen.
this flower is light purple in color with a lot of very small petals.
a light purple flower with rows three pronged petals and small stamens
this flower has light purple petals atop a long, slender pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has small and slightly oblong petals that are light purple in color.

this flower has petals that are white with green style
the flower is a very bright white with no other colors on it.
the flower is white with fused petal that is white, soft, smooth and enclosing stamens
this beautiful flower has a huge white petal with green leaves
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected to each other.
this flower has a large white petal that seems conjoined in appearance.
a funnel shaped white pedaled flower with a deep center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has a round white ruffled design centered with thin white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a satellite shape

the petals are smooth, fine and yellow in color and it has a bunch of stamen in the centre
this flower has large broad deep yellow petals with lots of yellow stamen.
the pretty flower has large yellow petals the flow togetter.
the flower is bright yellow in color with a stamen that is also yellow.
this large yellow-petaled plant similar colored stamen.
this flower has brightly colored yellow petals and a small group of yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and in a satellite shape
an orange flower with yellow colored edges on it's petals.
the flower has yellow stamen and round yellow petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flat yellow flower has rounded petals and many pistils and stamens.

this is a white trumpet shaped flower with a purple star formation.
petals are white and form a pretty star pattern of purple in the middle.
the flower has a large blue petal with dark purple in some spots
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are connected together.
this polygon shaped flower has white pedals with streaks of deep blue in the center of them, and a pale green ovary.
this flower has five linked petals of white star shape with purple vertical accents.
this white and blue flower has triangular pedals and a green pedicel.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that have a star on them.
this flower has petals that are white and has blue lines
this flower has a funnel-like shaped petal that is white with blue markings.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
this flower has yellow pistil a green pedicel and yellow petals as its main features
the pedicel is seen and the petals are yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
a small yellow flower with an orange center and many yellow stamen.
this flower has wide and smooth yellow petals which are paler at their edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.

the flower has blue petals and the anthers are facing upwards.
this flower has long thick green stamen surrounded by small pointed petals in a shade of pale blue.
this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of pointed separated periwinkle colored petals with swirled stamen in the middle.
this flower has short grass like leaves and stems, and light blue petals, a white ovule, and green stamen.
this flower is light blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of small and pointy-tipped pale blue petals.
this flower has a couple of a layers of blue petals surrounding a group of large green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen

this medium pink flower has several petals, a slim predicel, three white stamen, and multiple mid sized leaves.
the stigma of the flower is is small and white with large fuchsia colored petals surrounding it.
very small white petals form a single petal around tiny yellow sex organs, with purple pedicels which appear as petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink with veins.
tubular cream colored flowers are inside pink bracts.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
vibrant pink curly long oval pink petals in a star configuration around three white florets on pink pistils.
the pink petals of the flower folds up to the white stigma of the flower
this flower has a bright pink sepal with a dark red receptacle and small white petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are very small.

the flower has dense yellow petals at the centre surrounded by other layers of petals with the outer most layer of petals getting red at their edges
this light yellow flower is made of densely packed yellow petals in a spiraled pattern.
there are yellow petals with pink curled edges surrounding denser yellow petals with only a little pink on the edges.
this flower has many overlapping layers of rounded yellow petals with pink tips.
this is a yellow and red flower. the center is yellow and the outside tips are red.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are curled around the center.
this flow has bright yellow petals overlapping more tightly towards the center with pink tips at the outer edges.
a small yellow flower with many petals and border of the petals are pink and the pedicel are green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red edges
this flower has yellow pedals in the middle and yellow pedals with red tips on the outside.

this double colored flower has a whirl of overlapping petals with white and yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
a flower with yellow and white petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has several white petals with yellow in the center.
this flower has star shaped petals that are white at the tip and yellow at the bottom.
this flower is yellow on the inside and white on the outside of its petals.
this flower has green sepals and bright white and yellow petals.
this flower has five smooth white petals with rounded edges and yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

this bright yellow color flower has the simple row of five petals with the stamen and the large anther at the top
this flower has prominent stamens surrounded by five yellow petals.
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the stamens
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals are small and rounded, and the entire flower is bright yellow.
this flower has wide smooth yellow petals with rounded tips surrounding a yellow center.
the petals of the flower are a solid yellow color, and the stamen of the flower is a yellow color, with some black at the tip.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a bunch of yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower is white and light yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has just a few big petals that are mostly white and brown resembling a mushroom.
this unique trangle shaped flower has a curved brown petal and three striped brown petals.
this blossom appears to grow from a tall stem with narrow leaves, and has three or four wide petals that protrude and then droop down.
pink leaves with magenta veining on some, and yellow stamen.
there is a plane white pedal as well as a white pedal with deep brown veins.
this flower has three smooth petals that have pink and yellow stripes and one larger solid light pink petal.
a pistil and pink petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
this flower has a brown and yellow petal attached to a large white pedicel.

this flower has a few petals that are a very bright yellow color.
the rounded bright yellow petals of this bloom form a cup atop the yellow sepal and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folding in
this flower has large yellow petals and no visible stigma in the center
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
a flower with short and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with rounded and thin petals.
this flower has fan shaped yellow petals with a matching yellow sepal.
this yellow flower has clusters of petals overlapping one another on a green stem.

the white flower has petal that is soft, smooth, fused and has stamens sticking out from the centre
this flower has big white petals and has no visible outer stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and curled at the edges.
this flower has white petals, white stamen, and a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with small green stamen
this flower is white and green in color, with one large petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has a flowery stamen
this flower has smooth white petals that are connected and have five distinct points.
the petals of the flower curve underneath, and the tips of the petal are pointed.
the white petals of this flower are merged into one, with a few jagged edges, and a tiny white anther is on the green pistil in the middle.

the leaves are green purple in color,the stamens are many and purple in color
this flower has petals that are purple with very stringy stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed and curled up.
this flower has a lot of purple stamen in the middle of a brown center
the flower is composed of thin, stringy petals that are purple in color.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has dark purple pointed petals growing upward with a puff of light purple stamen on top.
a large white flower with a grayish base on bottom.
this flower has a large number of very thin spiky purple petals and thick spiky sepals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen

the flower shown has white petals, and bright yellow anthers.
the outer petals are green in color,the inner peetals are white in color
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of upturned white petals with pointed tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has long, white petals and yellow stamen, arranged in a symmetrical and geometric fashion.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
a white flower with many white petals and a yellow cluster of stamen at it's center.
this flower has yellow filament with layers of white petals.

the beautiful red flower has petals that are soft,smooth and separately arranged different layers forming disc around clustered yellow stamens
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the sepal and pedicel have a pinkish purple color while the roundish petals are a beautiful bright crimson.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong red petals and short yellow filaments.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that ore layered and oval shaped.
this is a red flower with oval-shaped petals and many yellow stamens.
this red flower has pointed pedals and a maroon pedicel.

fiery reddish orange petals with yellow in their inner most centers where a yellow pistil peeks through.
a dark red petal flower with a dark yellow ovary
this flower has five large, rounded red petals, which are slightly ruffled.
this flower's petals are a deep reed, with a yellow center and a short pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded on the ends.
this flower has large bright red petals with a yellow ovary and stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
deep red ruffled petals surrounding a yellow receptacle and orange style/stigma
this flower has red petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has wide overlapping petals colored deep red, and yellow stamens.

this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
flower has petals that are overlapping and white with many white stamen.
the petals are white and the stamen are white in color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
light yellow almost white petals with a yellow and orange center.
this white flower has pointed petals and bright yellow and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower formulate a distinctive shape, and the stamens are a bright yellow color.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multi layered.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has large yellow petals and a large green stigma in the center
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has several bright yellow petals and green stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow with short stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a flower with short and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has small bright yellow petals whose edges are very rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
a group of golden flowers with gray stigma in center.

the flowers occur in bunches and are yellow and orange in color.
this flower has lovely yellow petals.
this bright orange flower has a white center made of stamens and red outsides.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has rounded, slightly overlapping petals in shades of orange.
only a few broad orange petals surround a center of small white stamen.
the leaves vary in color, it has orange, yellow and red leaves.
this flower has orange and red petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals in varying shades of yellow and orange with a rounded shape.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen

the flower has pink and white petals with bright yellow stamen.
this flower has white inner petals with center edges of deep purple, and large pointed petals on outer side. the stamen is bright yellow and has large anthers.
this flower has a layer of purple petals under a layer of white petals and many yellow stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with patches of purplew
this flower as a layer of five deep purple, pointed petals with a layer of 5 rounded petals that are white on the outside with purple on the inside near a group of yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals are purple and form a flat circle around a cluster of pale yellow stamen.
this flower has bright purple sepal in a star-like pattern and very small white petals with purple spots.

the flower shown has pink petals with several white anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with hints of yellow
this flower has reddish pink petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this small flower has five rose colored rounded petals and a small tight collection of stamen at the core.
this particular flower has petals that are short and round with red
this flower has clustered pink petals on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of yellow
this flower has small round petals which are cream-colored with pink veins.
this pink and yellow flower has rounded pedals and a green pedicel.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and spotted.
the petals on this flower are purple with reddish dots.
this flower has petals that are pink with red dots
stamen are pink in color,with larger black anthers
the pink flower has petals that are smooth, soft and separately arranged in single layer around stamens
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has bright pink petals with darker pink spots.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wilted
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower has frilly petals of bright magenta speckled with hot pink.

a flower with broad yellow petals and orange stamen cluster
this flower has layers of overlapping pale yellow petals and long skinny stamen with dark yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower has many thin yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of yellow petals with rounded edges.
the petals on the flower are yellow while it has many stamen.
this flower has large yellow petals and a dense amount of yellow stamens.
this pale yellow flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a dull yellow flower with a tan stigma in center.

these beautiful looking flowers has white pink and purple petals and shaped like elephant ears
this flower has pink and white petals spread to look like a butterfly
this flower has a few large petals with the top ones being purple and the bottom ones being white.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
there are white, pink and red petals with green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of white
these pink tri colored petals are mounted like an hourglass
variegated white and maroon delicate rounded petals with a downward curl.
a flower with short and wide petals that are white with purple edging.
this flower is white and pink in color, with multi colored petals.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has five smooth, rounded petals in shades of white, purple and yellow.
the flower has small petals that are a variety of colors such as purple and yellow.
this flower is a great flower for pressing. the colors on the wide-petal edges seem almost painted on.
this flower has large white petals with black stripes on them and it has no visible stigma in the center
this yellow white and purple flower has five rounded petals.
this flower has small white and yellow petals with dark stripes leading to the center.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are striped.
this delicate flower is a combination of two purple pedals and three yellow, white and black striped pedals.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has black lines

a light blue flower with multiple small petals
this flower has multiple light purple petals that are larger on the outside than they are in the center.
the flower has a green pedicel with purple pedals and a purple stigma.
this flower has pale violet blossoms surrounding very thin violet colored petals.
this flower is lavender in color, and has petals that are rounded on the ends.
this flower has an irregular ring-like formation of wavy light blue petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
this flower features an outer layer of larger purple petals and a center of small thing petals.
this flower has clusters of lavender petals forming a ball shape.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

the petals are oval in shape and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this pollen rich flower has yellow petals nearly indistinguishable from the inner cluster of yellow anthers.
the flower shown has a yellow pistil and many small yellow petals
this flower has hundreds of layers of thin, hairlike yellow petals with a fringe like appearance.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this yellow flower has many layers of thing rounded petals.
the petals of the flower are skinny in size and are bright yellow in color.
a large round flower with many yellow and orange petals.

this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
pink in yellow petals long yellow and green middle green leaves
this flower has petals that are yellow with red and pointy
a flower with yellow and pink petals with greenish yellow anther filaments.
this flower has pink and yellow petals, and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that flare outwards while pointing up and long filaments.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
a flower that has pink and yellow petals with long stamens.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
this flower has long and very thin pink petals with ruffled yellow edges.

this is a strange flower with pink petals and white stigma.
this bowl shaped pink flower has pink petals with the clumsy stamens at the center
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has a wide textures white center surrounded by pointy tipped pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with pointy edges
this flower has pink petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has a double row of triangle bright pink petals with lighter pink stamens.
a flower with hard, long, and narrow petals with pointed edge.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen

a flower with orange yellow petals and orange anther filaments and pistils.
a tiny round vibrant yellow orange flower with many tiny stamens in the center.
this photo shows two flowers one is yellow and has four petals, the other is white, both flowers have yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a bright yellow petal with bright yellow anthers
the flower has four golden petals with golden colored stamen.
this bright flower has four wide open petals that are vibrantly yellow along the outer edges and fade to a deep saturated yellow-orange.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
every part of this flower is a golden color except for the pedicel

this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower shown has red petals with white anther and filament
a red flower that is clustered with a darker ovary
the flowers have petals that are red in color and small visible white anthers.
the flower are alternqately arranged with large red colored peals
the flower has three velvety red petals surrounding short white stamen in the center.
this flower is red and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower three red petals around a small white stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
a red poppy colored cluster of blooms, some unopened and some open with small yellow stamen.

this is a strange flower with orange petals and white stigmas.
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are red with purple stamen
the flower shown has orange and purple petals with green sepal
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has orange petals that have small and purple bulb stamen
a flower with short and wide petals that are a burnt orange.
the bright orange petals surrond a dark purple stigma and white stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are small and red with yellow

a orange and yellow potato with green leaves
the petals of the flower are yellow and orange in color with green leaves.
the flower has a thick pedicel that is green and very thick.
an orange and yellow petal flower with large green sepal.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has ruffled and very soft petals in shades of pale orange and yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow dots
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
orange and yellow petals sit on top of a thick purple pedicel.
this flower looks like it has only one large petal with an orange and yellow color that is folded in a cone shape with one edge bent backwards.

a flower with towers of yellow petals, green sepals, and red pedicel
the petals are not well seen and neither are the stamen and pistil,
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
a flower with a brown stem, yellow petals, and light brown stamen
a flower with short and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has small red petals with large yellow stamens.

leaves are green,flowers are yellow in color and are alternately arranged
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the flowering bush is topped by mounds of golden filaments that gather up like flames in a fire.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very small
an orange flower with tiny pointy petals and light green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are fluffy.
the petals are bright gold and arranged on long stalks and the sepals are green and pointed.
this flower has bunched up petals curved into an upward position that are yellow-orange, surrounded by bright green leaves at its base.
this flower is a golden color with crystallized shaped petals and green pointy leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together

the flower has white petals with pink outlining the petals.
this flower has thin pink and white petals as its main feature.
the petals are aligned in two layers, with short anthers over the yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled along the edges.
the colors of the petals are white and pink with a hint of yellow and it's a tall, tower of a plant.
this white, yellow, and pink flower has pointed leaves and yellow stamen with purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has white petals with a light pink edging on them with a stigma with a dark purple tip.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are oval shaped and whote in color with some green sports
the flower shown has a very smooth white and yellow petal
a small flower with a petal that changes from yellow to white from the inside out.
the five petals appear in a pinwheel fashion with yellow centers fading out to white on the edges.
this five petal flower has smooth, rounded petals that are white on the edges, with yellow shading gradually darkening towards the center of the flower.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and yellow near the center.
this flower has five smooth oblong petals that are white and yellow in color.
this flower has five very smooth, rounded white petals with yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a white center

the petals are pure white and broad, while the stamen is pointing out and white.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
sepal;s are green in color,flower is lith purple in color and is capsule in shape
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are purple near the edges.
a flower with white petals and white anther filaments in the center.
this flower has papery white petals with light green pedicel and white stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.
this flower is trumpet shaped with white petals edged with purple.
this flower has white petals that form a satellite shape and has long stamen

the beautiful red flower has petals that are red, soft, smooth and has stamens with yellow anthers in the centre
the flower shown has bright red petals with yellow anther in the center
the petals on the flower are small and red and has small filaments
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower features layered dark red petals and many tiny yellow stamen around a dark stigma.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
a large red plant with large pedals and golden center.
this flower has many red petals and yellow stamen
a red flower with multiple layers of flat red petals with a large dark stigma at it's center and yellow stamen surrounding it's stigma.
this flower has many small red petals that are alternating, the stamen are small and black with yellow stigma around the edges.

this is a flower with orange petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wilted and wavy.
the flower has petals that are orange with green pedicel.
orange petals with darker blotches of orange, irregular edges forming a cup around a center.
this flower has petals that are orange with red lines
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are orange.
this flower has bright orange and yellow petals around a lighter orange stamen.
this flower has a light orange receptacle and large petals that are varying shades of orange.

the flowers has a orange and violet colored petals that vary in shade and hue.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has sharply pointed petals of bright yellow which are angled directly upwards.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals on this flower are orange with a purple pistil.
this flower has long bright orange petals that have pointed ends.
this flower has long spiky petals of orange and a purplish blue with spiky foliage.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has thick and very spiked petals in bright orange and fuchsia.
this flower has has long, spiky, orange petals with white insides, along with bigger, spiky green leaves.

this flower has petals that are pink with green lines
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pale pink with yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that have veins.
the flower has 6 delicate pink petals with a light green stamin and center radiating outword.
six large, ribbed petals and a center of light green spherical fibrous stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
this flower has pale pink petals with faint vertical stripes which are wide and textured.

this flower has pale pink petals with a large rounded bright red anther in the center.
the flower shown has pink petals drooping as well as red anther
long light purple petals surround a pincushion of stamen and pistils colored red.
the flower has long pink petals with a dark red fuzzy center.
a long, narrow pink petals that are downward and overlapping with each other and a ball of red stamen
the middle of the flower is brown in color and the petals are light pink in color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
this flower has long pink petals in a ring configuration.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.

these large cream tipped orange petals have center orange curled pistil clustered with bud and other blooms on an erect pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and green pedicel.
this flower has a strange looking flower with a lot of colors.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
an orange flower with large petals and curved stamen in the center.
this red flower has rounded petals that have light yellow edges
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are lighter along the edges.
this flower has wide and rounded red petals which have pale yellow edges.
the red petals have yellow edges and the stamens are red and curled at the ends.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges

this flower has petals that are white and very pointy
the bottom layer of the plant is prickly and is white in color.
this flower has large pointy white petals and a large dark green stigma in the middle
a spiny green and white flower with a large stigma pointing out the top.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has spiked white petals with a sharp green pistil located in the middle
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stigma
this flower has very jagged petals that are varying in size and shape but they are all white in color.
the pistil of this flower is extremely large and spikey, with narrow, pointy white petals.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the petals on this flower are orange with white stamen.
the flower shown has white anther and orange and red petals
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower has small blossoms that consist of rounded petals in varying shades of orange.
this hibiscious flower has a green stigma and many yellow orange petals.
this flower has thin and smooth orange petals with small delicate veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have veins.

this flower small flat petals in either deep purple or white with purple markings.
round cup-like flower with no break in petals and small white pistil in center.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are white with small pink spots.
this bell shaped flower has ruffled, conjoined white petals with striated purple accents.
this flower has petals that are purple with short steman
this flower is a trumpet shape with purple, black, and pink, and with white and pink.
this flower has petals that are blue and has black lines
this flower has funnel-shaped petals in varying shades of white, pink, and purple.
this flower can have purple and pink highlighted pedals or white and pink highlighted pedals.
a large group of flowers with purple and white funnel shaped appearance.

a largish purple flower with five petals behind, and five petals in front.
this beauty has purple and white petals with yellow in its stamen.
a large petal flower that is dark pink and light pink center
this flower has yellow anther and filament with purple and white petals
flower has lower pink petals with long tubular spurs and upper white indented flower.
this flower has long pointed purple petals with rounded white petals on top.
this flower has five spiky pink petals surrounding five rounded white petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple sepals, yellow stamen, and white petals with purple spots.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval.
this small white flower has waxy thick petals with yellow centers.
this flower has five large petals which are yellow at the base and white on the edges.
this flowers thick petals start out yellow and fade to white.
this flower has five large, rounded white petals with yellow center tints.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has smooth oblong petals with yellow and white coloring.
this yellow and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has large white petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are white with purple filaments and pale green stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with string stamen
a yellow and purple flower that has large rounded petals on the bottom and skinny purple filament.
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
this flower has outer cream petals and inner light purple straight line petals that become darker purple towards the center that displays enlarged yellow stamens.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy stamen
the magenta filament and anthers fan out from the yellow pistil region to extend over the petals.
the petals of the flower are white in color with light purple inner stringy petals.

this flower is red-orange with overlapping rounded petals and a cluster of yellow stamens.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
the bright red flower contains yellow stamen.
this bright red flower has bright yellow stamen on the outside and dark red stamen on the inside with a deep color pedicel.
a flower with bright red petals and yellow pistils present.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a short ring of yellow stamen surrounded by layers of oblong red petals.
the bright red petals of this flower stand out along with the small yellow anther.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
a large red flower with golden stigma in the center.

this flower has petals that are pink with red dots
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
a cluster of flowers with light and dark pink petals and yellowish green pistils.
this flower has pink overlapping petals with red dots and pink anthers.
this pale pink flower has several layers of oval petals with a splash of magenta spots in the center of its upper petals and yellow-tipped stamen protruding from its center.
the flower has a layer of pink petals with darker, almost purple spots, and a yellow stamen protruding from the middle.
the vibrant pink flower has light and dark pink colors throughout the petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the flower has small yellow stamens surrounded by medium sized pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots

a bright orange colored cluster of blooms on a long green and burgundy colored stem.
a flower with orange petals and whitish anther filaments.
this flower is bright orange in color, and has petals that are orange with veins.
the bright pale orange flowers have delicate petals and three or four stamen in the middle.
this flower has flat, orange petals which overlap in layers.
this flower has dark yellow orange petals that have darker lines on them with white anthers.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
a flower with short and wide petals that is bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has small and very rounded orange petals with delicate red vein accents.

the blue flower has petal that is fused, smooth, soft and forming a disc like shape
the petals of this flower are blue and purple with a short stigma
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are lighter in the center.
the flower shown has blue petals, and dark blue lines in the shape of a star.
this flower has petals that are blue with white in the center
this flower has a funnel-type shape and a bright blue petal with darker blue lines.
this flower has very round edges formed by purple petals, along with stamen branching from the center in a star shape.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
the bloom of the flower is round in shape and forms a star shape in the center.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.

the flower is pale orange in color and the petals are arranged in rows
this unique flower almost looks prickly and it features yellow petals.
flower has four to five rows of peach petals
a flower with pretty deep petals with yellow highlight on the petals
the flower shown has many peach colored petals in layers
the flower has small cup shaped petals which form several rows.
this flower is peach in color, and has petals that are layered and oval shaped.
the soft pink bloom of this flower is made up of small pointed petals sitting on top of a green sepal.
this flower has beige and canary yellow petals with a canary yellow ovule and jagged shaped green leaves.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading

this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are white down the centers.
this flower has petals that are dark orange, with a white stripe, white filament and yellow anther.
this flower has peach and white petals with green ather as its main features
the flower has petals that are pointed and are orange and white in color.
these flowers have brown and white petals that are connected to each other.
the flower has six coral colored petals with a white steak in the center, it has a large pistil, and large stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is trumpet shaped with petals that are a burnt orange color striped with white.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white lines
this flower has six red petals with white stripes down the center and smaller stripes next to the large stripe.

this flower has petals that are yellow with a big style
this flower has lime green petals and a darker green stamen.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a green pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a large central pistil surrounded by large yellow petals with slightly tapered tips.
the flower has milky yellow petals surrounding a spiky, green pistil.
this flower is a light yellow green color, with smooth rounded petals, and a spiky, pineapple shaped green stigma.
the petals of the flower is a vibrant light green color, and the stamen is a light green color.
this flower has light yellow green elongated petals surrounding a darker yellow and green stamen.
a flower with long pedals that are lime green with a large stigma.

a flower with five individual purple petals and cluster of white anther at the center
the flower has petals that are dark pink with many white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
flower has bright white stamen protruding from a single array of overlapping lavender colored petals.
the rounded outer petals are dark pink but transluscent with visible veins, a layer of much smaller inner green-rimmed petals and many white stamens.
a simple flower with long anthers and five vibrant fuchsia petals.
this flower has deep pink petals with slightly pointed tips and white stamen.

the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around a bunch of stamen with yellow anthers
the flower has pink and the stamen can be seen as well as the pistil.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has small pink petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has tall yellow stamen and very light pink petals.
a pink flower with a yellow orange core and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the flower shown has yellow petals as well as yellow stamen
small orange stamens surrounded by large, ribbed orange petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with short steman
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this yellow and orange flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
these flowers have yellow petals with yellow stamen and green leaves surrounding it.
round golden yellow pedals with long yellow stamens and large anthers.
the petals of this flower are a golden hue and the stamen are the same gold color.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

the flower has numerous blue petals in the shape of grapes on a green pedicel
these olive-shaped purple flowers, which often have protruding white anthers, hang upside down in clusters.
this flower features a set of bulbous, blue petals with white on the tips.
the petals are a rich bluish hue with white at the tips.
the petals on this flower is blue in color.
this flower has purple petals that are bunched together and has white shading in the center
this flower has a vertical layer of tiny blue bell shaped blossoms.
this flower is blue in color, with bulb shaped petals.
this flower has many round shaped dark blue petals on it.
this flower has distinct closed blue petals with white tips.

the flower is white with fused petal that is soft, smooth and enclose stamens in the centre
flower has petals that are white with small points and white stigma.
sepals are green in color,flower is white in color with many stamens
this flower is white in color, with petals that are rounded and connected.
this flower has petals that are white with a white stamen
this flower has large white petals and long white stamens.
this flower is bright white with points on the edge and a pale yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has green style
a group of white flowers that are bell shaped and has a green stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.

the petals on this flower are purple with a white center.
this flower has petals that are blue with black lines
the sepals are greener and the flower has one purple petal.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
the petals are bright purple, while the stigma is white.
this flowers has five light blue petals with a deep purple streak in the middle of the petal.
this flower grows on a green stem,it has large circular petals that are white and pink,the pink part looks like a star.
this flower has blue petals with purple lines and a white center
this flower has a wide blue trumpet shape with a purple star pattern accent.
violet petals with darker streaks and white anthers.

this flower contains purple petals with filaments placed thinly around the the stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
purple petals with purple and white middle green leaves
a flower with wavy purple petals, purple stigma, and white anther and filaments
this light purple flower has long stringy petals and white stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has short purple petals with many stamen coming out in every direction.
this flower has purple petals spread wide open exposing large white anther and hair thin filament extending past the petals.

the flower shown has small yellow petals with brown pistil in the center
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark stamen
this is a flower with a large brown pistil and yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
there are long yellow pedals around a large center of brown stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has a green ovule, deep orange anther filaments and yellow petals.
this flower exhibits yellow petals in a circular fashion around the brown colored pistil and stamen at the center.

this flower has white petals with yellow details, a reddish pedicel, and a greenish sepal.
the flower is white and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the sepal in disc like shape
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
small flower with overlapping petals which are white on the outside and yellow on the inside.
a white and yellow flower with five pointed petals and a red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the petals on this flower are mostly white with yellow, and red is the color of the stems.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five rounded, very smooth white petals with yellow centers.
a star shaped white and golden flower with thick pedals.

the flower has petals that are upright and light pink, with green pedicel.
this pink flower has many long pointed petals which bulge in the middle.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are large.
this pink tree blossom has seven petals, the underside of which are a slightly darker shade than the inner side.
the petals of the flower are pink with a stalk that is wooden and green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
a lovely flower with light pink pedals on a sturdy stem with luscious green leaves.
this flower has long, light purple petals with dark purple veins.
this flower has long flowey pink petals that surround the pistil and stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this bell shaped flower has pinkish petals red and white colored stamen.
this flower has a very long pink petal and a brown anther filament that is fuzzy
there are several pink, dense petals aligned in a downward slope direction, on a pedicel of the flower.
the flower has a tube shaped purple petal with some dark spots
the flower has pink tube-shaped petals with white and red spots on the inside.
this pink and dark red flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a flower with a long petal that curls outwards and is pink.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple colored on the outside with white spots on the inside.
this flower has lavender shaped bell petals that have plumb and white spots inside them.

this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
the flower has petals that are light blue with green filaments.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has blue petals with a point with green in the middle
this flower has layers of wide, tapered petals in bright blue.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
a broad short flower with light blue layered petals surrounding green wavy stamen.
this flower is characterized by flat, blue petals, and green stigmas emanating from the center.
this flower has different layers of light blue petals with pointed tips and long green stamen.

the flower has red and white petals with a green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
flower with pink and white petals and yellow stamen./
thje leaves are green in color and the petals are pink incolor
this flower has large pink petals with white on the inside and no visible stigma
this flower has five wide pink petals which have ruffled edges and white centers.
a magenta and white flower with several pointed frilly petals, a white center, and no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, with multi colored petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that curl outward.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with orange petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
flower has petals that are dark orange and pointed with yellow stamen.
this is an orange flower with about twenty petals, a long pedicel and the petals form a pinwheel around many yellow stamen .
a flower that has orange petals and lighter orange filaments
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this is an orange flower with a thick, yellow pistil.
large yellow stamen surrounded by burnt orange pointy leaves that droop downwards
this flower has bright orange petals around a bright orange center.
this is a orange flower with a yellow ovule and a green pedicle.

this tear drop shaped flower has one red/pink petal with it's ombre pink stigma sitting at the top.
the flower has a long pollen tube that is pink and thick with shiny red petals.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with long style
a shiny red flower with a thick petal and a thick stigma sticking out the top.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this flower has a thick upright pistil and a large red petal.
the flower has a single glossy red petal with a large pistol.
this flower is red in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
the stamen is thick and red and the wrinkled, red petal is in a heart shape.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen and green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are pink with pink stamen.
there are many pink stamnes with larger anthers
this is a pink flower that has 5 pink petals with few dark spots, and long pink pistil.
this flower has bright pink petals with darker pink spots on them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has large pink petals with dark pink dots leading to the center.
a purple flower with anthers that stick far out.

this flower has slightly ruffly pink petals with red-violet spots and yellow anthers and filaments.
this pink flower has large petals with a tie dyed white coming in at the tips and dark pink splotches on the inside of the petal working it's way down to the yellow stigma.
this flower has beautiful pink petals with red spotting on some of them and prominent stamen.
the petal of this flower is light pink with a darker pink inside the pedtal
this beautiful star-shaped petals are pink in color with an inner trumpet-shaped row that are maroon in color with yellow anther filament in center.
the pink petals have dark pink spots and veins and the stamen have yellow anther.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted near the ovary.
this pink flower has some petals that are spotted red on the inside with a few yellow stamen.
a flower with frilled pink and white petals, white stamen, and green sepals
this flower has pink petals that have red spots and yellow stamen

this flower has no visible pistil or stamen, the five white egg shaped petals are yellow near the base and totally white on the outer portion.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
thus flower has five smooth round white petals which transition to bright yellow at their centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white tips
this flower has smooth petals with rounded edges and white with yellow coloring.
this flower has five white and yellow petals on it.
this yellow and white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and yellow.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft and separately arranged around stamens that are red and sticking out from the centre
this flower has long red stamen and bright pink petals.
this flower has large pink petals and long pink stamen in the center
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
the flower has five light pink petals, and red filaments.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has prominent stamen and wrinkly looking rounded dark pink petals.
this flower has pink petals with rounded edges and red stamens.

the flower has pink petals that are overlapping each other on the p;ant.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovule.
this flower has long red stamen and large red petals that are slightly wrinkled.
the flower has bright pink petals and pink filament with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright red.
this flower is pink in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
the flower has five pink petals with large pink stamen.
this flower is fully red petaled with a pattern on some petals that resembles feathers and the filament appears to be a blended yellow color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pink stamen

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are purple and closed together
a purple veined flower with curved petals and green sepal.
a green pedicel with some large purple petals which are closed and create a small opening.
sepals are green,pedicel is ggreen and the flower is purple in color
this flower has a green sepal and round blub-like purple petals.
purple flower with the petals closed and a green stem.
this is a purple flower thats petals have flexed upward with pointed tips.
this flower has purple petals that are closed together in a bulb
this flower has purple petals that are in a bulb shape.

a flower with purple and white petals and yellow pistils.
this flower has blue and white petals with yellow anthers.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has petals that are purple with white and purple upper flower and yellow stamen.
the outer petals are purple in color and the inner petals are rounded shaped white in color with many yellow colored stamnens
the flower has yellow stamen and petals that are white and purple.
this flower has bright purple sepals and white petals with blue spots on their center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has five rounded purple-centered petals surrounded by five purple pointed petals.
a flower with white, blue, and purple coloration and a yellow stigma in the center.

this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the flower shown has pink petals and several white stamen.
the petals are red and the stamen are short and slightly visible.
the petals are very sparse and bright red in color, while the stamen is yellow.
the red petals are curled away from the tiny green stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green stamen
this flower has large red petals with a darker center and light colored pistil.
this flower has large, broad, red petals with short stamen in the center.

the flower has a very large orange petal with an orange pollen tube
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
the outer petal is yellow in color the inner petal is bright yellow in color
this flower has a wide pod surrounded by black stamen, around which are circled several overlapping layers of rounded red petals.
this flower has large orange petals with small white anthers on it
this distinctive flower has multiple layers of bright orange petals, with a small, bushlike pistil at its center.
this flower has two layers of orange petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a few layers of smooth round orange petals with a short clump of white stamen at their center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black stamen
this flower has a red petaled center, orange petals surrounding the outside of the flower, and white anther filament with maroon stamen.

a flower with drooping white petals, green sepals, and vivid green pedicel
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled downward.
this flower has petals that are white and hanging down
this is a flower that has white petals and a green pedicel.
this flower lacks sepals, with a long green pedicel and white petals.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are drooping down ward.
this flower has white petals that point down and has light green linesd
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white and droop downward.
the white petals of this flower form a boxlike shape and its emerald green leaves are thin pencil shaped.

this pink flower seems a bit flattish with many pink petals surrounding may yellow stamen.
a flower with long thin pink petals with white edges with a bunch of yellow stamens in the middle.
a flow with pink petals yellow stamen and green pedicel.
the pretty flower has bright pink petals with white on their edges.
this flower with thin pointed petals has white edges and a yellow center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink with white edging.
a large flower with many layered pink petals and a cluster of short yellow stamen at it's center.
the flower has long thin oval petals that are pink and white.

this flower has dark red pistil and drooping purple petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has long, skinny purple petals with a conical sphere of reddish brown stamen.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
a large purple flower that its pedals flop down and a brown large stigma.
this flower has long thin lavender colored petals that are drooping below the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has purple petals surrounding a brown and yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.

the flower shown has green pedicel with white sepal and green pistil
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has prominent green stamen with purple anthers surrounded by a hairlike purple fringe and long rounded white petals.
this flower has petals that are green with purple stringy stamen
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
it has beautiful pale green leaves with light purple on the inside and it's wide open.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has long oval shaped white petals which are arranged flat around purple stigma.
this exotic flower has slim purple and white pedals with a strange green pollinator.
the flower has a large oddly shaped pistil with purple anthers.

this flower has petals that are red until you get t the yellow tip, and it has yellow pistil and stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are pointy on the ends.
this flower has red petals with yellow on the tip and has a yellow pistil.
this flower has a yellow and red pistil with a yellow and red stamen, and spiky yellow and pedals radiating out from the center.
a large cluster of red slender petals, tipped in yellow, surrounding a tight cluster of short yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has multiple rows of red yellow tipped petals surrounding a red stamen.
this flower has a ray-like configuration of red petals with yellow pointed tips.
this flower has layers of long thin red petals with pointed yellow tips.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals are color purple, with long filaments holding yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals arranged in a cup-like fashion with orange stamen.
this flower has a dark red center and purple petals with wide smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
the purple petals are slightly ruffled and the anther is bright orange.
this flower has bright purple petals and yellow-tipped stamen.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and ruffled.
this blossom has white petals which form several layers, there are many yellow stamen at the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this is a flower with many white petals and yellow anthers.
this white flower has rounded petals and white stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of large, fluffy white petals and many yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has thin yellow stamen surrounded by smooth white petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with stringy white stamen
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green leaves.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is big and has disc of petals that are soft, smooth and has disc of stamens in the above that are white
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the main color of the pedals are deep pink with white filaments poking out.
this flower has long, skinny purple petals and white and dark purple stamen.

the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches and ruffled together
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flower shown has white and yellow petals as its dominant feature
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this is a yellow flower that has outside petals that are a lighter shade of yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and white and bunched together
this flower has white petals on the outer layers and yellow petals on the inner layers.
this flower has dense petals that look white towards the outside, and a deeper yellow towards the center.
the petals of the flower are a light yellow in the center, and begin to get lighter toward the outside of the flower, to a point that the petals on the outside are almost white in color.

this flower has a large white petal with a large black stamen and anther
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are white with blue filaments.
the outer petals ae re white in color and the inner petals are needle shaped and purple in color
this medium white flower has rows of thin blue petals and thick stamen.
this white, blue, and purple flower has pointed petal and white stamen with purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has flat white petals and long spiny petals that are blue white and purple striped.
the flower has white petals with blue, white, and black thinner petals.
this flower has white oblong peals with bright blue filaments and a large pistil and stamen.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has protruding stamen and pollen tube surrounded by several layers of thin, fringed purple petals.
the flower shown has several wiry purple petals as its main feature and a star shaped stigma.
this flower has large purple petals, purple stamen, and a green stigma in the center
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long and wavy blue filaments and white oblong petals underneath them.
this flower has long, thin, wavy purple petals coming off of a light colored pistil, with multiple stamen coming off of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
this is a purple flower with very think and curvy petals and a star-shaped pistil.
this flower has long purple petals and a prominent pistil.

the flower shown has yellow and orange petals and a yellow center.
the petals on this flower are orange fading to yellow.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
pedicels are green in color,petals are rounded in shape and are orange in color
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower has orange petals with a red streak and curl outwards.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange with yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has five orange and yellow fan shaped petals surrounding a yellow greenish stamen.
this flower has petals that are varying shades of orange and yellow and rounded in shape.
this flower has rounded red and orange petals with veined accents.

the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have brown detailing.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has yellow petals with purple markings as its main feature
this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
this flower has large yellow petals with short brown lines on a few of the petals.
the petals of the flower are dark yellow in color and have specks of black on various petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black dots
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has very bright yellow petals, two of which have small dark red lines on them.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.

the petals are purple in color and it has a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has numerous layers of thin purple petals which curl up into tubes and protrude in multiple directions.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this flower has spiky purple petals generally pointed upward and arranged sparsely.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
long pointy purple petals that resemble closed patio umbrellas
the flower has long thin bright purple stamen and pistils.

flowers with many red and yellow petals with a white stamen.
this flower is red and orange in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this is a flower that has petals that are yellow on the inside and red toward the edges.
the flowers grow in a bunch and have petals that are orange and yellow in color.
this flower has thick red and yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
three crimson petals surrounding the golden stamen with lush green sepals and pedicel.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has figure eight shaped red and yellow petals with white staman.
this flower has red and yellow petals on a green vine.

these thin purple hardy flowers have a deep fushia base and petals that cover the stamen and pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin going upward.
this pink-purple flower features a circular end and brown stem.
the petals of the flower are elongated and are pink in color at the top and are dark pink at the base.
the large oval shaped rounded petals are light pink in color with a dark pink lower part
this flower has a straight red stem with very light pink petals in an upright position.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this flower has long tall petals of lavender with centers of bright magenta.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the petals on this flower are red with purple stamen.
the bowl shaped orange flower has petals that are soft,smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
this flower has petals that are red with black stamen
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are wavy in appearance.
an orange flower with circular layered petals and blue anther.
this flower has layers of wide and very rounded red petals with smooth edges.
this flower has bright red petals, black spots on the inside and deep blue and black stamen.
these flowers have wide flat red petals with dark blue stigma.
this flower is red and purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen

this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of yellow
this bright yellow flower features red coloring on the inside petals.
the petals of the flowers are yellow with orange spots on the bottom of the petals.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are orange only near the center.
the flower is yellow in color and has more stamens that are yellow in color with large r anthers
five yellow petals with orange at the bottoms and long anther.
this flower has yellow petals with red patches in the center
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are orange near the ovary.
the flower has bright yellow petals and orange and green stamen.
the yellow and orange petals are wide and slightly spaced from each other and the yellow stamen is visible.

the flower has orange petals with an orange stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and overlapping with many yellow stamen.
the petals are orange in color and have a center composed of yellow anthers.
a yellow and orange flower with layered petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has a large circle of yellow stamen surrounded by dull orange flowers that slightly overlap in a single layer.
this flower has orange petals and it's stamen is yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a flower with narrow and long petals that are orange.
a vibrant orange flower with layers of petals and bright yellow anthers.

this flower has petals that are red with yelloe tips
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are yellow on the tips.
a flower with thin yellow, orange, and pink petals and central cluster of dark red stamen
this flower has long, think pink petals with orange tips around a center of maroon stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow and pink with a long stigma
flower has large round center with a single layer of long narrow pink flowers with yellow tips.
the pistil structure is rounded and prominent, dark red at the center of long pink petals tipped in yellow.
this flower has red petals with yellow tips at the end.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
the petals of the flower have bright yellow tips, and the rest of the petal is a vibrant orange color.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
the flower shown has bright orange petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has bright reddish orange petals with orange stamen.
the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
this bright red orange petaled flower has a yellow pistil.
this flower has small bright orange petals with small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this orange flower has rounded petals, yellow sepals and a light green pedicel.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has orange petals that are pointy and a green stigma in the center
this flower has petals that are yellow, pink and black
this flower has thick leafy orange and pink petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this is a multi-colored flower that starts as green and turns red and orange as it gets closer to the receptacle.
this flower has staggered layers of orange and pink petals that are long and pointed.
orange and red petals are surronded by green pointed sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red tips
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are orange colored with purple tips.

the flower has petals that are white, bell shaped and have white stamen.
the petals of the flower are white in color and are attached to a green branch.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this is a white flower with brown spots on the inside
the flower is white with petal that is soft, smooth and forming a bell like shape and brown spots in the inner region
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
these are white, bell shaped flowers with brown spots on the inside of the petals.
this white and brown flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has black dots
the petals of this flower are bell like and white and the pedicel is green

the flower has yellow long petals with a green stem.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower petals are yellow in color, the stamen are longer with larger anthers
this flower has petals that are yellow with purple lines
this flower is yellow with maroon patches on the two upward growing petals, and several large stamen.
this flower has long bright yellow petals and orange filaments with beige anthers.
this flower has long, narrow petals which are yellow with brown spots.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has yellow petals with brown striped on some of them.

this flower has small, smooth lilac colored petals which are slightly closed.
the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and drooping.
this flower has light blue petals and no visible outer stigma
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has periwinkle petals and a green stem.
this flower has petals of purple shading to white with many flowers on a single stem.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has purple petals that grow pale white at the tips, it has a long green predicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with only one petal.
this white flower is heart shaped and has a waxy, shiny texture with one large pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are white with a big yellow style
this is a flower that has one large white pointed petal and a long pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a peach style
the petal of the flower has the texture of plastic, with a glossy white colored petal.
this flower has a thick white stamen and a thick, waxy, shiny white petal.
a white shiny large leaf shaped petal with an visible upright thick and long cream pistil with a green stigma on the side.
this flower has one big petal and one long stamen.

these yellow and white flowers have petals that look twisted.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shaidng
this flower is bright yellow with a white color scheme on its outer petals.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower has five white petals with yellow highlights that comes together like a star.
this mostly white flower changes color in a gradient to yellow with the color brightening closer to the center, put together in a swirling fashion.
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft, smooth and spirally arranged in single layer overlapping with other petals
the petals of this flower are smooth and are yellow and white colored.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

