the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has plenty of very small yellow petals
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has vibrant yellow petals that kinda resemble a lacey texture, the center has a lite green color to it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has a high number of small, overlapping, yellow petals encircling a green stigma.
the petals of the flower are bright yellow in color and have green leaves.
a large flower covered in yellow small petals that surround a light green ovule.
a large flower covered in yellow small petals that surround a light green ovule.

the flower shown has small white petals with green pedicel as well
this is a white flower with many petals and purple near the ovary.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
the petals on this flower are white with a purple splotch.
this white flower has petals that fan out with a purple color at the base of the petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dos
the petals of this flower are white with purple and the pedicel is green
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and vertically layered.
a tower layered snowy white flower with dark purple spots.

this flower has petals that are pink with shades of yello
flowers are alternatelly arranged,they are pink in color
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the petals on this flower are pink fading to peach.
the flower has pink petals with a dark green pedicel.
this pink and orange flower has rounded petals and a red and green pedicel.
this plant has many large pink flowers off of a green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

white flowers with a trumpet shape and connected petals that are pointed.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are connected to eachother.
this flower has five ruffled white petals which curl slightly backwards.
the flower has smooth white petals with yellow anther in the center
the flowers has petals that are white with white anthers.
this flower has a funnel-shaped white petal with pointed ends and yellow receptacles.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are slightly curved, and have a light green stripe down the center of the petals.
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is green
this flower has white curved petals and short stamen and light yellow anther.

the flower is white with fused petal that is soft, smooth and enclose stamens in the centre
flower has petals that are white with small points and white stigma.
sepals are green in color,flower is white in color with many stamens
this flower is white in color, with petals that are rounded and connected.
this flower has petals that are white with a white stamen
this flower has large white petals and long white stamens.
this flower is bright white with points on the edge and a pale yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has green style
a group of white flowers that are bell shaped and has a green stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.

the flower features lots of petals tight together with light pink and red towards the inside.
the flower has really bright red petals with white tips
this stunning flower has scalloped petals with a dark pink band near the center and lighter pink on the perimeter.
this flower has many thin petals that are pinker as they approach the pistil.
the flowers are flat in shape and are light pink on the edges and bright red on the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has pink edges
this flower has large pink and red petals with long white stamens.
a flat pink flower with a dark pink center and light pink stamen.
this flower has an overlapping wheel-like formation of jagged-edged petals with a red base and light top.
a pink flower with green pedicel and the leaves are green

the flower petal is larger and white in color with a yellow smaller inner part
trapezoidal petals all white forming a near perfect circle, with a small delicate yellow center and a few protruding small stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this beautiful white flower is one large petal with the ovule being a bright yellow and the pisils being white.
this flower has a large white petal with a group of bright yellow anthers in the middle
a white flower with a yellow center and tall skinny white stamen.
this flower has a white funnel shaped petal with a yellow ovary.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by what appears to be on large, folded over petal surrounding the entire center.

this flower has petals that are white with purple stringy stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has green pollen tubes and purple stringy petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are purple with a logn stigma
the plants has white petals with many more violet stamens
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has long white petals and wavy purple filaments.
this flower has long purple petals with a large white pistil.
this flower has rounded pale green petals under a fringe of paler purple.
this flower has white petals with stringy purple stamen in the middle of it.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches and dark lines
the petals on this flower are pink with brown and yellow.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with yellow markings on them
the flower has pink and green stamen with pink and yellow petals.
this flower has faint pink oval shaped petal with black and yellow markings on some.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
this flower has petals that are pink and yellow and has dark lines
a flower with long and narrow petal that are pink.

this round yellow flower has hundreds of toothpick shaped petals surrounding an inner circle full of short, ball shaped yellow stamen.
the flower shown has yellow petals along with yellow anther and filament
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny and long.
this flower has a textured yellow center surrounded by hundreds of very thin yellow petals.
this flower has a bunch of thin and yellow petals with yellow anthers on it
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy
this flower has shredded looking yellow petals with yellow clustered stamen.
this flower is round shaped and has many skinny yellow petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow, and dark yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with very skinny and layered petals.

the flower has petals that are red with a white striped in the center, white edges and white stamen.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has white petals with red lings and white stamen in the middle
this flower has big, rounded petals that are white with red stripes, and long, prominent stamen with green anthers.
this flower has two rows of white petals shaded with red color holding the white stamens with yellow anthers at the top
this red and white curly-petaled beauty has long pistils shooting from the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has red lines
this red and white flower has green and white stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has large white and red petals with long white stamens.
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.

the flower is pink in color and the bottom part of it is yellow.
a flower with pink and yellow petals and no visible pistils shown.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
the purple petals of this flower are very light and dull in color.
this flower has long smooth petals in varying hues of pink with vivid yellow accents.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has soft, large petals which are ruffled in hues of pink and yellow.
this flower has pink and purple petals that are yellow at the bottom.
this flower has petals that are pink and are bunched together

this flower has a lot of purple petals and has a visible yellow stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has a bright purple colored petals with its middle part in white color.
the flower has a purple petal with a green pedicel
the flower has a thick green stem with a petals that are purple and curled.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a thick green pedicel with wavy multicolored petals that are varying shades of purple and white.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower has large purple and white petals with small yellow stamens.

the petals have two colors being purple and yellow.
this flower has several wide and slightly ruffled petals in shades of bright purple and yellow.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and purple on the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow patches
this flower is purple and yellow with flat petals and yellow ovary.
the flower has large ruffled petals that are yellow and purple.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has yellow and purple petals with ruffled edges
the plant has many flowers with the petals a purple and yellow in color.
this flower has broad alternating purple, canary yellow and white petals with bright green leaves and a bright green stem.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are smooth and white with yellow stamen
this pale yellow flower has long pointed petals and has a thick stem.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow stigma
this flower has multiple layers of whitish petals that become more orange for each higher layer.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by upturned layers of pale yellow petals.
this white flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has alternating layers of white petals surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers
the flower has yellow stamen with several oval white petals that come to a point.

the petals of the flower are light purple at the ends, slowly turning white towards the middle.
this is a flower with white petals and long yellow anthers.
the petals of this flower are white and pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this delicate flower has a top layer of pale yellow petals, pale pink petals on the bottom pointing downward, and yellow tipped anthers.
the petals on this flower are white, pink, and yellow, and the pedicel is green
a white bell shaped flower that has long golden stigma.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower is upside down and the anthers are yellow.
the flower has red petals with a red stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has bright red petals and yellow pisitl as its main features
a large dark red flower with a golden stigma that is connected to the stem.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and thick wide red petals.
this red and yellow flower has rounded petals and red stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has large rounded bright red petals that overlap and surround a group of red filaments with white anthers.

this is a flower that is round in shape and has white and blue petals.
this flower has petals that are blue with white center
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
the flower shown has bright blue petals with a white pistil in the center
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are light near the center.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
a blue flower with a white center and a white stamen at it's core.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
this flower has a blue and white petal with a small white pistil.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pistil.

this flower features a small ovary surrounded by large deep red pointed petals.
this hardy flower had deep red leafy flowers with small green stamen.
the flower is red in color and has large leaves that are pointed.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with line imprints
this flower has petals that are red and has dark lines
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has large red petals and a green pistil.
a flower with red petals, spread far apart
the flower has oval large soft red petals that come to a point.

this flower has long and skinny white petals around yellow stamen.
the flower has alternately arranged petals that are whit in color with yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white petals and yellow stamen in the middle of it
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
the flower has long, narrow white and pink petals, with yellow pistils in the center that close inwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the beautiful flower is so big with light pink petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately forming bowl like shape in different layers enclosing yellow stamens in the center

sepals are green in color,flower is white in color and capsule in shape
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the center.
this flower hasa large blue petal and white pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigma
the flower shown has white petals and several white anthers.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has a white wheel-shape with a white petal and a small group of thin stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are long and white white rain drops on it
a beautiful white flower with fused petals forming a trumpet shape with stamen sticking out from the centre
this flower has white petals that have small and peach stamen

this flower has several small, long red petals with yellow tips, surrounding a large burgundy and yellow ovule.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
a flower with red petals accompanied by orange tips with maroon pistils.
a flower with red bodied petal with an orange tip and a dark red center.
this flower has long, thin red petals with rounded yellow tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has many slender long petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are red with yellow tips.

this trumpet shaped flower has five star shaped conjoined petals which are deep blue.
this flower has petals that are blue with purple dots
this flower is blue and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled.
a horn shaped flower with it's dark blue petals forming a star at it's top.
the bell shaped violet and blue flower has fused petal that is supported by green sepal
a bell shaped blue and purple colored flower and black dots.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has blue edges
the flower has blue and purple petals that are shaped like a trumpet.
this is a horn shaped flower with dark purple on the outside and bright purple on the inside with spots petals.

the flower has white, layered petals and no visible pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several overlapping white petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow at the center
this white flower has a yellow center and several layers of petals, with multiple blossoms on a stem.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
these flowers have white heart shaped petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the flower has white soft petals that are yellow on the inside.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.

a flower with dense round petals surrounding yellowish stamen that are clustered in the centre
this flower has a long and thin light pink petal, and a tan colored anther filament
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are long and skinny.
the flower shown has peach petals surrounding peach and red anther
a peach colored flower with light brown anther filaments and pistils.
the petals of this flower are peach and the pistils are short and golden yellow
this pink flower has pointed petals and yellow and orange stamen.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has peach petals with a brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this small red flower has a whispy black center and waxy petals.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has pedals of a gorgeous orange color and a pollen tube that is brown.
the petals of this flower are vibrant orange with a yellow brown stigma surrounded by many brown stamen.
a red flower with brownish orange anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has bright red petals surrounding the brown stamen in the center.
a very dark orange flower that contain extremely large pedals.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
this flower has black stamen and wide, smooth red petals.
this red flower has thin petals and a dark brown center with yellow stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
bright yellow, thin petals surround sharp yellow anthers and filaments which make up the stamen and are also colored yellow.
this yellow flower with multiple narrow serrated petals and upright stamen surmounts a cluster of spikey green leaves.
this yellow flower has thin petals with a thorny pedicel and sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin and layered
this is a flower with yellow petals and yellow stamen and stigma
the flat, yellow petals are clustered around thin, golden colored stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a fuzzy green sepal and stem with very thin bright yellow petals in a disk formation.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a thick green stalk.
the petals on this flower are purple and bell shaped
the flower has petals that are bel shaped and pink with white spots inside the bell.
theses purple petals are bugle shaped and hanging downward on a thick brown pedicel.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and is deep purple with white accents.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are striped in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
this flower has a large number of bell shaped purple petals with spotted insides.

this flower has five, rounded petals with yellow closer to pistil, which can't be seen, and white towards the outside.
this flower has pretty yellow and white odd shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow centers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this bloom has five petals, each with a yellow-orange center gradually moving to yellow, and surrounded by a snow-white edge.
this flower has think white petals that are also coated in yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
a flower with five petals that are white out the outer side and yellow on the inner side.
this flower has five very smooth white petals with yellow centers.

the petals are the flower are yellow and spiky while the sepals are pointed and green.
this flower has a bunch of small yellow petals with no visible stamen
feathery yellow petals are gathered in a cone shape, wide at the bottom and pointed at the top.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the flower has yellow petals along with green sepal and a green pedicel
a flower with short and narrow petals that are bright yellow.
this flower is made up of multiple bunches of odd shaped yellow petals on a green pedicel.
this is a yellow flower with pointy petals and thick green leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.

the flower has petals that are large red and overlapping.
th petals are red in color and capsule shapd and the sepals are green in color
this flower is flat and the red petals lay flat and create one flat ovular formation.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has a lot of red petals piled up on one another, and has no stigma in sight
this flower is red in color, with vertically layered petals.
this flower has pinecone-shaped purple petals and light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower has tightly woven red petals that appear to flare out at some point.
this flower is red and cone shaped with layered petals.

this flower has veined and overlapping orange petals with rounded edges.
the petals on this flower are a yellow color with white pistil in the center
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this orange red flower has the simple row of four petals with the short stamens inside
this flower has big wavy orange petals and little green stamen.
this flower has small, slightly overlapping rounded orange petals with delicate veins.
the petals are orange, and white with small stamen in the middle, a thick stem, and narrow leaves.
the orange petals are flat with dark orange veins and the sepals are green.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen

the petals of this flower are white with short little stamen
this flower has white petals and white stamen in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected together.
the petals of the flower are whit in color with yellow anthers
this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals that curl slightly outwards, and a bright yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has a broad flat white petal with a yellow center.
smooth white petals of this flower surround the white anther in the center with a touch of yellow.
this flower has white petals, yellow center and white pistil.
a flower with a long petal that is rounded and white with a yellow center.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the tips.
the flower has petals that are upright and pink with dark pink tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower has several upturned layers of wide, pointed pink petals.
the petals are a pink ombre and are pointed upwards away from large green sepals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.,
this flower has pink and white petals atop a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower has long pink petals with purple tips and a green stem.

a flower with vivid purple flowers, purple stigma with white blooming stamen
this flower is yellow and white in color with very small petals, and red pedicel.
flowaer is shape like a leaf and it is pinkish purple with a small round yellow flower on it
the bright purple colored petals of the flower looks a lot similar to it's leaves.
these flowers have pointy pedals that are a bright purple color and have small white yellowish flowers blooming in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma
this flower is a bright magenta color with a center floret of light yellow.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has purple veined leaves with pointed tips surrounding tiny white blossoms.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.

bright pink pedals ruffled about the pedicel coming straight out of the sturdy stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
pedicel is brown in color,the petals are pink in color
this flower has vibrant beautiful pink petals that wrap around a thick dark stem.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
a pink flower with brown pedicel and the green leaves
a flower with bright pink petals and a darker color reddish-brown pedicel.
this flower has pink petals that fold in several different directions
this is a delicate looking hot pink flower with irregularly shaped petals upon a pedicel.
the petals of this flower are a vibrant bright pink and the pedicel is reddish brown

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has long pink stamen surrounded by long thin petals in darker pink which curl backwards.
a pink flower with long, flowing petals
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin pale pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower is pink in color, with thin and curled petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals on this flower are mostly pink with long stamen.

this ball-shaped dusty pink and purple prickly looking flower has grey-green sepals and leaves.
this flower is blue and red in color, with petals that are very skinny.
a violet flower with small, quill like petals that turn pink towards the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
this flower has a lot of long and pointy purple petals with no visible center
this flower has petals that are purple and very strinfgy
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has long and thin purple petals with slight tinges of white and pink.
this flower has a large number of very skinny purple petals.
it is hard to distinguish where the petals end and the pistil starts with this spiky purple flower.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this pink flower has outer layer of petals shaped like leaves and the inner petals are trumpet shaped, spotted with bright magenta color, and the stigma is white.
the flower shown has purple petals with yellow filament and dark purple anther
the petals of the flower are pink in color with dark pink and white details.
the petals on this flower are purple with dark purple veins.
a flower with butterfly shaped purple petals and a dark purple center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple patch
this flower has a center wavy petal with pink and yellow markings surrounded by smooth solid light pink petals.
four soft lavender pedals surrounding a bright pink with white pedal protecting the yellow stamen.
this flower is pale pink, with a cluster of magenta stamen and beige pistil.

this flower is shaped like an elongated red tube, with rounded petals which curl outwards at the mouth.
this flower has petals that are long and orange colored
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are shaped like a cone.
this orange-red flower has long, column-shaped pedals that are yet to open.
the flower has petals that are orange in color with a red sepal and a thick green stem.
this flower has elongated red horns that all have a brighter orange highlights.
this flower is a long trumpet shape of deep orange and some bright yellow with frilly edge.
this flower has bright orange tubular petals rising out of a thick receptacle on a green pedicel.
the bright orange red petals form a tube around the stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and is in a bell shape

this flower has pale yellow, wide petals spiraling to a closed center.
this flower has petals that are light yellow and tight.
this is a double yellow flower that has fragile soft petals that form a cluster in the middle.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has broad yellow-white pedals that wrap themselves around the pale green pistil.
this white and yellow flower has many densely layered rounded petals,
this flower swirls open with many layered petals of yellow, darker in the center.
this flower has large white and yellow petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has off white and yellow petals and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together

this small blossom has several rounded petals in shades of red, which angle slightly upwards.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the flowers are alternate ,petals rae red in color with prominet white colored antherss
the petals on this flower are red and are fairly small
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the petals of this flower are red and the pistil is dark red
this flower has dark orange petals, a brown stem and bright green leaves.
this pink flower has many small blossoms that are grouped together in an overlapping arrangement.

this medium flower has long yellow petals and a black center.
compact black stamen with thin yellow petals that radiate in a circular pattern.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are long and skinny.
the yellow petals on this flower surround the black anther and filament
this flower has long, thin yellow petals that wilt downward.
this flower has long yellow petals that are arranged in a single layer around the black disk-like center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has a round brown center and long, tapered yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the stamen of the flower is a dark black color, and the long petals are a dark yellow color.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large green pistil and stamen, and hairlike purple fringe, surrounded by rounded white and purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
the flower is big and has disc of petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming single layer below the disc of stamens that are blue white and violet
this flower is very strangely colored with about ten white sepals, some frilly purple petals and a three pronged reproductive structure.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this purple, white and blue flower has pointed petals and white sepals.
this flower has white oval shaped petals with strings of blue stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
the petals of this flower are white, the pistil is burgundy and purple and the pedicel is almost black

this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
sepals are green in color,flower is capsule in shape with white colored petals
this cone shaped flower with folded white petals supported by a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of the formula formulate a cup shape, and are a solid white color.
this flower has conjoined ruffled white petals and soft green veins.
this flower is horn shaped white petals that get greenish closure to the pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines

this brightly colored flower has sharp-edged red leaves which catch water for the plant's later use.
this flower has long pointy red petals that peel away from the center in layers.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower has petals that are shiny and red with green pedicel.
this flower is red and white in color, with shiny and pointed petals.
this flower has pointy thin red petals with a green pedicel.
narrow bright red arrow shaped sepals layered with red narrow flowers with white tips protruding.
this flower has bright red petals that are long and spiky in shape.
this flower has red petals with many layers and has green patches

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen and green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are pink with pink stamen.
there are many pink stamnes with larger anthers
this is a pink flower that has 5 pink petals with few dark spots, and long pink pistil.
this flower has bright pink petals with darker pink spots on them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has large pink petals with dark pink dots leading to the center.
a purple flower with anthers that stick far out.

the flower has white long pollen tubes and pink petals.
this pretty flower has white and light pink petals and a light green center.
this flower has white stamen with yellow anthers surrounded by several layers of pointed pink and white petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large white petals with red streaks and long green stamen on it
blushing pink and white veined petals with long golden tipped stamen.
this flower has thin stamen, a green ovary, and petals that are white and pink.
most of the petals are white with pink stripes but a few are white only, they all are green in the center of the flower where there is white filaments and brown anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has a yellow stigma
this flower has small white and pink petals with long white stamens.

this flower has petals that are red with patches of orange
the petals of the flower are red and orange in color with green leaves.
an orange and yellow flower with a few large petals and white stamen.
this flower has reddish petals, white anther and white filament.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has small and very rounded red petals with orange edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower is clustered with yellowish orange petals surrounding a white pistil.
this flower has bright orange petals that are small, smooth and rounded.

a yellow and orange flower with layered narrow petals and a large center of stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped in the center.
this flower has thick orange and yellow petals as its main feature.
these two flowers has pretty yellow and orange petals with tall green leaves
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has many long bright yellow petals with bright orange at the center of each petal.
this flower has pointed yellow petals with red lines on them
petals have yellow edges and orange middles with many yellow anther.
there are many yellow filaments in the center of mostly yellow leaves with a dark orange center running through them.
this flower has petals with slightly pointed tips, yellow edges, and red stripes down the middle.

the petals of this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with many white and upward pointing petals.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
many pale yellow petals encircling a large group of yellow anther.
this flower has layers of upturned pale yellow petals with pointed tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals that are layered.
this flower has yellow pointed petals that have long stamen
this flower has layers of white flower with thick yellow stamen

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white patch
the flower has a single petal which is purple in color.
this deep purple flower has conjoined petals in a star shape which lend it the appearance of being rounded and trumpet like.
the flower shown has dark blue petals and a white center.
large flower with dark purple coloration that fades to white near the center.
this large blue plate shaped flower grows on a green vine.
a deep purple blue trumpet shaped bloom with no visible stamen or pistil.
a flower with a connected petal that is curved outward and dark blue.
this flower has blue petals with white in the middles

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this light purple flower has long oval petals with light green stamen.
a purple and green flower with thick filament and anther.
flower with star shaped purple petals and long blue stamen.
this flower has green pistil and purple petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
this flower has purple petals, purple and white stamen and green anther filaments.
this particular flower has petals that are long and purple with a light green center
this flower can be characterized by its beautiful purple petals, blue stamen organzied in a circle around the flower, as well as its ornate stigma jetting out of the flower.
this flower has tall purple pistils, tall green stamen, purple petals and filaments.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are connected to eachother.
a flower with large blue petals and a yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are bright blue with white centers.
this flower has a large blue petal and a bright yellow stamen in the center
wide open light blue flower with yellow inside.
this flower has petals that are blue and is a satellite shape
this flower has blue petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has conjoined white petals in a round blue shape, with a white star pattern.
this flower has a large blue funnel shaped petal with a white ovary.
this flower has bright blue petals with a white stamen.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this is a small flower with orange and yellow petals and orange stigma.
the flower has four petals which are yellow in color.
this flower has four yellow petals with orange bases and short orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has four yellow petals and orange stamen
this flower has four yellow petals with orange inside and orange stamen.
this tiny flower has a single row of bright yellow and orange petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are darker near thecenter.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are white on the tips.
this is a bright orange flower with thick pointy petals.
a flower with bright red petals and brownish anther filaments.
the flower has a smooth orange petal with white anther and orange filament
this flower has orange petals with light white anthers in the center
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this orange flower has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has bright orange petals with upright orange filaments and white anthers.
the petals are yellow in shape and seem to have trigonal shape. steam stems out with white anther

the petals on the flower is purple with dark purple spots on them
one large light purple petal that creates a cone shape with deep purple splotches on the inside of the petal.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower has a purple petal in the shape of a bell with white and dark spots
these trumpet shaped flower are lilac colors with speckled centers and are numerous flowers on one stem with brilliant green leaves.
the insides of this bell-shaped flowers' petals are spotted with dark purple rimmed with white, in contrast to their constant light purple outer sides.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots on them
this flower has purple bell shaped petals with browns and white spots on the interior.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and is pale purple with a rounded mouth.

the petals are heart-shaped and primarily white in color but with yellow at the center and the stamen is also yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are heart shaped.
the flower has big round white petals with yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and with a yellow center
the petals on this flower are white with yellow centers.
this white flowers have shell shaped petals and a yellow center.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of heart-shaped white petals with yellow at their base.
this delicalte flower has white petals with yellow centers and a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are white.

this flower is light orange in color, with petals that are wavy and have veins.
this flower has large orange petals and anthers that are orange in color
this flower has a prominent pistil surrounded by large rounded peach petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
this flower has big floppy orange petals and think red stamen.
the petals of this flower are peach colored and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has large, overlapping pale orange petals with a large red and white pistil.
a flower with long and wide petals that are a light orange.
this flower has rounded orange petals that form a cup arrangement around its red stigma.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
very large beehive shaped flower with many small yellow petals.
this flower features rows of curled yellow petals surrounding the ovary in a ball shape.
this flower has small yellow petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower is bright yellow with many separate petals bunched together.
this flower looks like one big yellow poof of petals that are all bell shaped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded and bunched together.
a flower with clusters of petal formations which are also red
the flower has dense red petals that are small and round shaped.
this is a small orange flower with round petals on it.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has many red petals and a very small green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has small, rounded petals with smooth edges in a deep red shade.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the flower shown has very small yellow petals with green pedicel
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
a ball shaped flower with many small pale yellow petals overlapping to form a circular shape.
this flower has many small, bright yellow petals that are tightly grouped together in a circle, obscuring the view of the pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
a large yellow flower with many small yellow flowers covering it's entire surface.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that veins.
the flower has a white petal with a green sepal and pedicel
this flower has petals that are white with short stamens
the bloom of the flower is cone shaped and white in color and has a green sepal.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
there are white funnel looking flowers on a green vine of leaves with a deep throat with green lines through it and tiny white stamen.
this flower has a light yellow receptacle holding a white funnel-shaped petal with wavy edges and yellow veins.
a star and funnel shaped what and dull green flower.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has a lot of red petals and a bright green stigma
the large, brilliant red petals of this flower turn pink towards the center when open, and are surrounded by yellow and green buds.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
this flower has overlapping red petals which are small with rounded edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has crimson petals and green, bumpy stamen that are not clustered too closely.
this flower has large and wide petals in a shade of brilliant red.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
a red flower with velvet petals and a greed protruding style and stigma.

this flower has trumpet shaped white petals and a invisible pistil.
a flower with a singular large conical petal, green sepals, and green pedicel.
this flower has large white petals and no visible stamen in the center
this flower is white in color, with petals that are cone shaped.
the petals on this trumpet shaped flower form a seemingly smooth, white bowl,
this flower has a white colored funnel-shaped petal with small points around its edge.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has white petals that form into a satellite shape
this white trumpet shaped flower has multiple huge green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, with a single horn shaped petal.

this yellow, star shaped flower has symmetrical and pointed petals in the outer layer, followed by a thin pistil inside the second layer.
a flower with large yellow petals with a central opening into a yellow pollen tube surrounded by yellow stamen.
the flower shown has a yellow petal with yellow anther and a green pedicel
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the yellow flower has a an inner row of petals that protect the pollen tube.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has one layer of yellow petals that from a star with a horn shaped second layer of yellow petals on top.
this flower has bright yellow petals in a star-like configuration.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
a flower with light purple bell shaped petals and no visible pistils.
the petals have a very distinct look with light purple petals that have spots on the inside.
the flowers are alternately shaped with light pink petals that have brown spots on the inside
this flower has several wide pink bell shaped flowers with rounded, curled edges arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted.
a flower with pink petals that form a bell shape that have black speckles.
this flower has a large number of pink bell shaped petals with dark spots.
a flower with tube shaped petal that is purple.

this flower is trumpet shaped with a light pink petal and green sepal.
this flower has a tubular shaped petal that is light pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and bell shaped
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has light pink petals and a bell shape.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a bell shape
this trumpet shaped flower has purple petals and long green leaves at the sepal.
this flower has small green sepals holding a much larger bell shaped purple petal.
this flower is a long open trumpet shape of light pink with rounded edges.

a flower with large tubular bright purple and pink petal.
bright and deep round purple pedals with dark green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are light purple in color
this flowers has purple petals with dark lines with shades of white
these flowers have soft wrinkled lavender petals with wavy edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and is bell shaped
the flower has pink petals and a very long green pedicel

this flower features large yellow and red spotted leaves completely obscuring the ovary.
the pretty flower has yellow petal orange spots on it.
the flower has relatively big rounded pedals that are yellow and red.
this flower has large brightly colored yellow spotted with orange petals that form a large cluster of drooping petals.
this flower has large floppy yellow leaves with pink splotches in the center.
this flower has very large and rounded orange petals with mottled yellow edges.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange and yellow spots.
this strange looking flower has red and yellow spots with a lizard
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has petals that are whit with patches of yellow
this flower has petals that are white with a pale yellow petal.
this white flower has curled white petals that overlap in the center with a slight green overcast.
white rumpled petals that are short and broad with a flat end, and yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are white and are ruffled at the edges
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has wide, rounded white petals which are soft and very smooth.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

the center cone of purple pistils is spiked with tall purple anther-topped filaments and is ringed with a ruffle of small purple petals in sets of five.
a small pink to lavender colored flower with a same color pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stigmas
this beautiful pale lavender flower has several narrow petals and a strong green stem.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
there is a cluster of small light lavender florets with rounded petals surrounding a dense cluster of lavender stamen and pistil.
this flower has tiny lavender petals with stamen buds in the center attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has small pink petals and long pink stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has yellow petals with large yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are pale yellow with two orange spots.
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of red
this flower has yellow and orange petals around yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a strange pattern of orange on yellow but only on the bottom.
each of the three blossoms contains three large yellow leaf-shaped petals, along with two pairs of smaller, internal petals colored dark orange at their base around the pistil, which is narrow, dark yellow in color, and containing a single protruding pollen tube.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has ruffled yellow petals with orange dots on them

the flower has red and green petals with a purple pedicel
this flower's pedals spiral outwards and turn from red to yellow as it reaches the outer edges.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has a set of very big red colored petals with its edge in yellow color.
a flower that has dark orange petals that are tipped with yellow and maroon stamen
this flower has red petals with yellow coloring around the edges and a deep yellow stamen.
this flower has large bright petals that are orange with yellow around the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow edges
this is a orange flower that turns yellow on the edges of the petals.
this tower has red pedals with yellow trimming protruding from a green pedicel.

this flower has a prominent pollen tube surrounded by several large, overlapping veined pink petals.
the flower has red petals that are somewhat dense with a yellow stamen.
this pendulous flower has cherry-red rounded overlapping petals deeply veined in dark red with promenant yellow stamen, and large leaves.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are red in color with larger anthers
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has yellow anther filaments, a pink stamen, and deep red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around pistil with yellow stamen forming an inverted bell like shape
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the center.
a hanging flower with broad arrow shaped red pedals and a long pistil with a cluster yellow stamen surrounding.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
the flower has round white petals with yellow stamens and green pistil.
the flower has a set of 5 white petals that are mostly white in color but pink towards the middle of each petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are a very light pink color with a round green stamen and yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has a short green pistil and rounded light pink and white petals.
this flower has light pink petals, a light green stamen and a ring of yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the flower shown has several layers of red petals, and a red center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has several overlapping layers of red petals with rounded tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has layers of bright red, ovular pedals that form a circular mane around it's brownish center, which is framed by small, bright yellow stamen.
this flower has large red petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has bridge red oval shaped petals and yellow stigma.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this bright red flower has pointed pedals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower is a combination of light red and orange, with many petals.
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
the flower is orange in color and the pedicel is visible.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has many red orange thin petals and has very short stamen towards the center.
many overlapping narrow orange petals surrounding a darker middle on a thick stem.
this flower has red petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has layers of long red petals with rounded edges.
the flowers is of orange-brown color with short stamen, and new petals around the staamen

the flower has petals that are yellow, soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower features a clump of white stamens framed by overlapping yellow/orange petals.
this flower has thick yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are yellow with hints of red
this flower has small orange blossoms of smooth and rounded petals.
this flower has bright orange round petals and a red ovary with white stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals that turn darker orange at the tips.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has yellow and reddish petals with white pollen.

an odd shaped flower with long narrow purple petals and a dark colored stigma.
the flower has petals that create the shape of a pale blue sphere.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are star shaped.
the blue flower has many thin tubular petals with long stamens.
this tiny flower has many white and blue petals that hide that stigma.
this light blue flower has pointed petals and a gray pedicel.
this flower has a globe shape of tiny blossoms of pale blue.
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
this flower has blue petals as well as a blue stamen.
there are longer light blue pedals that spread out at the their tips.

this flower has pinkish petals with a red tint at its ends.
this flower has bright pink flowers that get darker around the edges and give the flower a trumpet like shape.
the petals of this flower are peach with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with red edges
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pink around the edges
this flower has five large wide pink petals whose ruffled edges are a bright fuchsia.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has petals in a star configuration that are bright pink.

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower is rose like with an orange and yellow color scheme.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a reddish tinge.
a flower with prominently yellow petals and multiple green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red shade
this flower has sharply pointed green sepals and smooth yellow petals with a bit of orange markings.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled around the ovary.
this yellow petaled flower with orange highlights is wrapped tightly around the pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this yellow and pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.

a flower with light pink petals and darker pink pistils in the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has long thin pink stamen surrounded by large and conjoined pink petals with delicate ruffling.
delicate, ruffled pink petals form a bell, hanging down over bright pink filaments with golden brown anther. the interior petals are lightly spotted with deeper pink.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this flower has layers of pink petals with slightly ruffled edges.
the flower has thin layers of pink petals with lavender spots, and several pink stamen with earthy-green anthers in the middle.
this flower has longer pink petals that get darker toward the base.
this pink flower has large petals with shorter stamens that barely peek out above the almost cupped petals.
this flower has pink petals that have long red stamen

this flower in its shape resembles a bird with red and yellow wings.
the flower shown has orange petals with a red and green pedicel
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are sharp and resemble a bird.
long flaming orange petals, some encased in black casing before opening and long veined sepuls.
the flower has petals of a reddish hue with a dark bluish pistil.
this flower has thick and very pointed petals in shades of bright red.
a red spiky flower with a black and yellow spots.
this flower has long, red leaves coming from a green pistil, that has a long, black stamen and stigma.
this flower has four very bright orange, sword shaped petals projecting upward with an interior blue petal, a waxy green pedicel and very large green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has layers of white petals with a yellow center.
the flower has many white petals that are standing up straight with a yellow stamen.
this flower has many soft pink almost white petals with a strong contrasting bold yellow center full of many stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow steman
this flower has a white center and layers of upturned pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals surrounding many spiky yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple layers of white petals arranged in a cup-like fashion.
medium, pointed, pale pink petals and long, yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow style
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
outer petals are opval in shape,inner petals is capsul;e in shape
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in two layers in which inner layer is forming a bell like shape
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with wavy and thin petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a long stigma
the inner petal of the flower has a ruffled edge and the stamens are a vibrant yellow color.

the flower shown has a green pedicel with purple and black petals
pedicel is green in color,petalsa re oval in shape and brown spoted
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink with white dots
the petals are pink, purple and white with a circular pattern.
this flower has very dark pink petals with a lot of white spots and a yellow pistil.
a red and white petals have different shapes and the pedicel are green
this interesting flowers has purple petals which have a polka dot pattern.
this flower is purple and white in color, with spotted petals.
this flower has purple petals that has pink dots on them

the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is white ad green in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has a varied amount of white petals that stem from a cluster of pea shaped stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has an array of yellowish white petals with a cluster of green pistils in its center.
a dull green large flower with a big stigma in the center.
this flower has many short light green stamen at it's center that are surrounded by white petals.
a flower with pale yellow pointed leaves and a green pistil.
this flower has soft yellow petals with beads of stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen

this flower grows from a green bush, and has many reddish yellow petals starting at the center of the flower and radiating outward.
the flower has petals that are overlapping, pale yellow and pink.
this flower has small peach and yellow petals as its main feature
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with hints of yellow
this flower has thick orange colored petals with a yellow pistil.
these flowers have small peach colored petals that are layered to form a round circle.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this yellow and pink flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
the petals of the flower are layered and are yellow and pink in color.

this flower has small rounded ora he petals with a gold and brown stamen .
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has large oval-shaped orange petals surrounding a cluster of yellow stamen.
a red pedaled flower with a orange spikey center on top of a sturdy, woody type stem.
an orange flower with with dark orange petals surrounding an ovule with many yellow stamen.
the almond shaped petals are orange and surround stamen with bright gold anther.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small orange oblong petals with a ribbed texture.

this flower has a large number of white elongated petals with yellow stamen at the center.
this flower has layers of white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a white flower with many petals and yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has long white petals that fold inward and long yellow stamens
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has multiple rows of pointed white petals, yellow anther filaments and large, leathery textured green leaves.
this white and black flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.

this flower has layers of red petals around green sepals.
this soft red flower has many overlapping petals at the center they wrap tightly around each other.
this a flower with red petals and green sepal.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped together.
the flower petals are alternately arranged and the petals are red in color
the petals of this flower are bright pink and are arranged in several layers around the stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrapped around the center.
this flower has red and are folded upwards in a swirl
this deep salmon flower has overlapping petals arranged in a rosette fashion and deep green foliage.
this flower has small green sepals and bright pink petals with rounded edges

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
this flower has yellow pistil a green pedicel and yellow petals as its main features
the pedicel is seen and the petals are yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
a small yellow flower with an orange center and many yellow stamen.
this flower has wide and smooth yellow petals which are paler at their edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped and wavy.
sepal;s are red green in color ,p[etals are red in color
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
the pedals of this flower are red with a short stigma
a flower with small red petals and a few pistils protruding out the middle.
the flower has pink stamen and pistils and red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and is very thin
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled up and oddly shaped.
the small red petals are in a cluster and the stamen are thin and pink.
this red flower has strange, paper-crane-shaped petals and dark, pointy sepals sitting underneath a hairy structure.

this flower has a bright yellow stamen and a pink and orange petal
this flower has several wide purple petals with yellow tinted accents.
the five petals on this flower are very delicate, and uniquely it has three petals that are yellow with red stripes and two petals that are a combination of peach and yellow.
two of the four petals look like they have come from a leopard.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has orange petals with yellowpatches and black lines
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pistil.
this multicolored flower has orange petals along with yellow petals that have darker lines on them.
this flower has layers of peach colored petals with yellow and dark red markings.
this flower is pink, orange, and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has purple petals and no visible outer stigma
this simple flower features light purple petals and a dark purple pollen tube and contains a dark green stem.
the flower has a purple petal with a green pedicel
this flower has several large overlapping purple petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has light purple petals a long green stem.
this flower has overlapping soft, ruffled petals in a shade of purple.
pale purple petals with apple shaped petals and a long green stem and sepal.
this flower has ruffled purple petals and has a dark center
this flower is light purple in color, with thin and wavy petals.

striking white oval petals that fade into a purple at the teams with bright yellow stigmas and stamens.
the flower has white and purple petals with yellow anther in the center
the flower of the plant has petals that are pink and white and a center that is yellow in color.
this pale flower has open petals that are white and violet.
numerous white petals, tipped with pink and curved in shape, surround a rounded yellow pistil in a nest of golden stamens.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow style
the petals of this flower are white with purple on the pointy tips, and the pistil is yellow
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are pink near the tips.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and upturned white petals with pink tips.
the flower has oval petals that are white with pink edges.

this flower has petals that are yellow with white tips
this flower is bright yellow with white color scheme on outward petal.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five large rounded petals, dark yellow at the center fading to a cream toward the outside.
a flower with yellow petals that are white on the edges.
the flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in single layer spirally overlapping other petals
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this white flower has one bowl shaped petal surrounding a cone shaped cluster of stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower has a textured yellow pistil surrounded by a wide white petal which tapers to a point.
the flower has a large white petal shaped like a bowl.
this white flower has a single rounded petal, a yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is golden yellow
this flower contains a large white petals with a large, yellow, pistil.

red petals in alternating long and short length surround the center of golden yellow stamen.
just simply elegant are these flowers with a royal hue of pinkish colors.
these two red flowers have layered petals and thin yellow stamens.
the vibrant red rounded petals and bright orange cluster of stamens that make up this flower contrast sharply with the pointed, dark purple leaves.
the flower shown has red petals surrounding the yellow anther
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
a flat red flower with shiny flat red petals surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the flower has red oval petals and long yellow stamen.
the petals are almond shaped and bright red and the anther is golden colored.

this bright yellow flower has many skinny long petals and yellow anther.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the slender yellow petals of this flower are numerous and support a yellow pistil.
this flower has small yellow petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this long and thin petal yellow flower has numerous stamen scattered in the center.
this flower has a ring-like configuration of layers of very skinny bright yellow petals.
the blooms of the flower are made of long skinny petals that are bright yellow in color.

the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has red and white petals, and a green center.
the variegated poinsettia flowers are mostly pink but are highlighted by white accents that surround each petal.
this flower has petals that are red with green edges
a flower with long and wide leaves that are red.
this flower has broad petals that are a reddish pink at center and light green on edges.
this flower has pointed red petals that have green edges
this flower has very large pink and white petals of varying sizes with pointed tips.
this flower has pointed, leaf-like petals that are dark pink edged with white, and green stamen tipped with pink.

this flower has petals that are blue with imprint lines
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals of this flower are blue and white with a short stigma
this flower has a large purple and white petals
this flower has white and dark blue petals as its main feature
a flower with long and wide petals that are blue and white.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that re ruffle and curled.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
the petals of this flower are blue and the pedicel is green
this flower has ruffled purple and lilac colored petals which are translucent and veined.

this flower has petals that are [ink with patches of yellow
a pink velvety flower with white stamen and curled petals.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multicolored
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower have large petals that are pink with yellow on some of the petals.
this flower has small pink petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
flower with light purple large petals forming a vase around the stamen
this odd looking flower has magenta colored petals.

the flower shown has yellow petals with a red stripe as its main feature.
this flower features yellow petals with orange stripes.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a short stigma
this flower has large golden yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with brown streaks.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this red and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
orange and yellow stamen with a dark orange outer ring around with yellow thick petals with orange-redish stripes in the center
this flower has large tapered yellow petals with vertical red center stripes.

this flower features a prominent green ovary with many small yellow stamens, surrounded by a frame of elongated yellow petals.
the yellow petals are alternating and the pistil is green.
this large flower has a thick stem and green broad leaves, golden yellow petals, and a head consisting of many small tubular flowers that turn into seeds.
this large flower has a single row of yellow petals and large green sepals.
this flower is yellow and brown in color, and has petals that are skinny and wavy.
this flower has bright yellow oblong petals arranged in a ring.
this flower has long yellow petals that surround a large green stamen.
this large flower has a row of bright yellow petals around a brown developing center of seeds with wide green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wilted and oval shaped.
this flower has thin yellow petals with a large green and yellow pistil.

this flower has thin white petals as its main feature.
symmetrical, small, lanky white petals surround a pattern of yellow stamen in a spiral.
this flower has a yellow pistil with white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has petals that are white and overlapping with yellow anthers.
rows of thin white petals, with a bright yellow center.
the petals of this flower are pure white and the pistol is all yellow.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a ring of oblong white petals in a ray-like formation.

a flower with compacted pink petals foled in on itself and deep reddish brown pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
the petals of the flowers are pink in color and have green leaves.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and dark pink.
this flower has light pink petal that are curled around each other
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
a flower with long and wide petals that are stacked on top of each other.
this flower has very bright pink petals that cover the entire pistil, not revealing anything in the center.
this flower has overlapping layers of smooth and rounded pink petals which spiral inwards.
this flower has a series of curled petals that begin to peel outward toward the outside.

this flower has several orange petals which are pointy with a green pedicel
the bird of paradise is angular and has bright orange petals on top of what looks like a "beak" which is part of the stem
this flower features elongated pointed orange petals emanating out of the main bulb.
this flower is modern looking with sharp blade like orange leaves reaching for the sky.
the flower has long pistil on a pedicel and is orange and purple
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has spiky petals that are long and bright orange.
this flower has long pokey orange pedals with a longer black stamen.
this flower has upright petals that are bright orange with pointed tips.

this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
pedicel are purple in color,petals are purple and stripped in color
the petals of the prickly plant are purple in color with a center ovary that is green in color.
this flower has petals that are purple and very poiinty
the alternating leaves are then and purple and the smaller and there is a cactus in the center
this flower has jagged purple petals with a cactus stamen.
this flower has a splayed head with sparse and jagged light blue petals.
the greenish pistil is surrounded by thin pointy whitish petals attached to a white pedicel.
this flower has very thin and stringy purplish white petals with a prominent green spiked pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen

the flower has smooth white petals with yellow coloring in the center
a flower that has white petals that are tipped with yellow and green in the center
this flower has a large white petal and a yellow colored center
this flower is characterized by several layers of soft white petals with a yellow star pattern near the ovary.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
these flowers have white petals with yellow bases in a flat circular shape.
this flower has white heart shaped petals with a yellow center.

flowers with lavender petals and lavender anther filaments and pistils.
the petals are long and a light purple, and the pistils are long and light purple as well.
the flowers has a pink colored petals with the tip of its filaments colored dark violet.
this flower has protruding pink stamen surrounded by long, very thin, curled pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curly and skinny.
this flower has a bright pink receptacle with lighter pink long petals and upright pink stamen.
this flower has long pink petals and the a lot of green pedicels
the flower has light purple thin petals and light purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this pink flower has curled petals and pink and dark red stamen.

this veiny orange flower has dark orang in the center and orange anther.
this flower is tan in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the flower has petals that are pale orange with red tipped stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange with a long yellow stigma
this flower has thin beige petals as its main feature.
this flower has a long prominent yellow pistil and light orange petals.
this flower has large pale orange petals with a long yellow style and orange stigma.
this flower is light orange in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has pale orange petals that become a deeper orange color at the base
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow style

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together tightly.
this flower has several petals that are a light yellow color.
numerous pale yellow petals and green pedicel with green oval leaves.
a flower with yellow petals and a thin green pedicel
so many white and yellow color petals with green color sepals and pedicel
this flower has yellow and white petals that fold upwards together
the flower has a green pedicel and multiple rows of light yellow petals that have a round edge.
this flower has layers of yellow petals which are wide, smooth, and rounded.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
a flower with yellow petals and a green stem and green leaves.

the flower shown has white petals, and bright yellow anthers.
the outer petals are green in color,the inner peetals are white in color
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of upturned white petals with pointed tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has long, white petals and yellow stamen, arranged in a symmetrical and geometric fashion.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
a white flower with many white petals and a yellow cluster of stamen at it's center.
this flower has yellow filament with layers of white petals.

this flower has a broad center of many brown stamen surrounded by many long, narrow, pointy yellow petals.
the bright flower has yellow petals and a green stem.
this large flower has a prominent ovary covered in pale yellow stamens, surrounded by a crown of bright yellow petals.
the flower is made of bright yellow petals and has a center made of dark yellow anthers.
flower has bright yellow pedals all around a round bround center
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the pointed yellow petals form a star burst shape around the brown stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
large flower with bright yellow rows of petal with a large center with stamen with seeds forming.

the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has pink petals that form an upside down cup with yellow stamen and several hair thin pistils.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has five pink petals that come together to the shape of a bell.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
a flower with long and curved petals that are pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has pink petals with prominent veins that are tightly overlapped in a bell-like formation.
this flower has pink petals with prominent veins that are tightly overlapped in a bell-like formation.

this flower has long thin white stamen surrounded by wide pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with long white stamen
this flower has white pistil and pink petals as its main features
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are pink with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has small pink petals and long, thin white stamen.
this flower has pink petals as well as a white stamen.
these odd pink flowers have four distinct petals each and multiple white anthers growing from the core.
this flower has long white stamen and sparse pink petals.

the flower shown has red petals with an orange center and yellow anther
these are bright pink trumpet shaped flowers that open nicely on the end.
a pink pistil area with a yellow stamen and with wide petals
the flower has large reddish pink petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are all connected.
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
this pink and orange flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this flower has an orange ovary and dark red petals in a trumpet-like shape.

petals are rounded in shape ,they are white and pink in color
a flower with white petals and pink streaks with no visible pistils.
this flower has numerous layers of ruffled white petals with bright pink edges.
this flower has white wavy petals with hot pink tips on the end
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and pink on the edges.
this white and pink flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this is a round shaped flower with white petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has layers of clustered white petals with pink trimming.
this flower has a mash up of white petals with hot pink coloration on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges

the pedals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has large pure white petals that have a point sticking off the ends.
this flower has large white petals and a long yellow stigma in the center
a flower with white petals and light green pistils accompanied by white anther filaments.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected to each other.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
the petals of the flower are a solid white color, and the stamens are a light green color.
this flower has a large white petal with a smooth texture.
this particular flower has petals that are white and round

there is a pink flower with purple streaks in the petals and there is a dark purple flower.
the flower has petals that are pale or dark pink.
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
the leaves are green in color while the petals are purple in color with white colored anthers
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
these outside flowers is purple and pink petals with green stems
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with multi colored petals.
these flowers have different variations of purple colored petals with pointy green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines

this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy.
the flower has petals that are red with pink stigma.
this dark pink flower is tube shaped with the petals opening from the tube and the ovule is a darker pink, the pollen tube is hearty pink.
this flower has five rounded, slightly tapered petals of bright pink.
this flower has a large pink petal and a long pink stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the delicate pink flower has five pedals that surround a hot pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has white shading
this flower has red and white petals, and singular red pollen tube in the center of the flower.
this flower has a five-pointed configuration of bright pink petals with slightly pointed edges.

this flower has a large centr with spiky petals that are grey on the outside and red on the inside. the stamen is white
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals appear to be red and have withered and has a lot of filaments.
this flower has petals that are red with stringy white stamen
a flower with rigid, waxy red petals and folded over white and green stamen
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has a ring of very spiky red petals in a slightly upturned position with a light disk center.
the red petals are jagged and point upward while the stamen are white and point inward.
the red petals are stiff and the stamens are white and brown.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen

this flower has several long, smooth white petals with rounded edges.
this flower has long white petals with no visible outer stigma
a white flower with whitish sepals and a few bright white big long petals.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are large and rounded
the flower has a smooth white petal which also looks very thin
the petals on this flower are white and the pedicel is short and green
this flower is white in color, and has petals oval shaped.
this flower has all white petals that are oblong in shape and pointed upright.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and folded together

this flower has long orange petals with long yellow stamen in the middle of it
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with orange petals and a bright yellow center.
flower with orange color petals arranged closely and green color pedicel.
this flower features a prominent ovary with yellow stamens surrounded by layers of pointed orange petals.
this flower has large orange petals and large yellow stamens.
this flower has orange veined petals and a bunch of fuzzy yellow anthers in the center.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are golden orange and the pistil is yellow

these flowers have large pink petals with brown pedicels underneath.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upward
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has dark purple pedicel with light pink petals
this flower is pink with pink pedals pointing upwards and purple pedicel.
this flower has large pink petals that turn dark pink towards the center.
{}
this flower has red stems and ovaries with lighter pink petals arranged in an upright fashion.
this flower has pink petals as well as a purple pedicel.
the long pink flower has petals that stick straight up in the air.

the flower shown has pink petals with several white anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with hints of yellow
this flower has reddish pink petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this small flower has five rose colored rounded petals and a small tight collection of stamen at the core.
this particular flower has petals that are short and round with red
this flower has clustered pink petals on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of yellow
this flower has small round petals which are cream-colored with pink veins.
this pink and yellow flower has rounded pedals and a green pedicel.

this flower has large yellow petals and long yellow stamen on it
this flower has petals that are orange with patches of yellow and folded in
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has long stamen and several long, thin upwards pointing red and pink petals with ruffled edges.
the petals on this flower are red and yellow colored
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has orange and yellow petals that are curved upwards, green leaves and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange tips
a flower with long and wavy petals taht are yellow with orange tips.
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has beautiful white petals with yellow stamen and a green pedicel
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
leaves are spiky and green in color,the petals are green in color
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower with smooth large, wide, white pedals show yellow drooping stamens.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
four white fan shape pedals surrounding long delicate yellow stamen.
this flower has four symmetrical white petals and yellow filaments.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this purple flower has different shapes of petals accompanied by a bunch of stamens and one pistil.
this is a small flower with blue petals and green ovary.
pedicel are green incolor,petalsa re blue inc olor,with amny stamens
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of white and green stamen
this blue and white flower has rounded petals and white stamen with brown anthers.
this flower has purple petals with white veins, light green stamen and white anthers.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white shading
this flower has blue and white petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.

this flower has white petals and yellow pisitl as its main features
the flower has white petals that are long, oval and thin shaped.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are shaped like a star.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stanem
a star shaped white petal flower with yellow anther and white filament.
this flower has white petals with thick and yellow stamen
this flower has six wide, smooth white petals with veins surrounding a yellow center.
smooth white petals are shown as well as the tiny yellow anther on this flower.
a flower that has six white varicose petals and a yellow stamen.
this star shaped flower has white petals and many yellow stamens.

a large orange pedaled flower with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are orange with a ruffled texture
the flower has orange petals with an orange stigma and green pedicel.
the flower shown has orange petals and green pistil in the center
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this orange flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are orange and are ruffled
a flower with long and wide petals that are wrinkly and orange.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

a flower with purple petals and black spots with no visible anther filaments.
this flower has numerous bell-shaped violet colored blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
the stalk of the flower is green and is made of blooms that are magenta in color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals on this flower are purple with black spots on them
this flower has hanging bell shaped blossoms with purple petals.
this flower has vertical rows of bell shaped pink blossoms with wide mouths.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
many small pink bell shaped flowers clustered on a green stem with stamen in the center of each flower.
this flower has a long green pedicel with many purple bell shaped flowers with dark spots on each of the flowers.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
a flower with pink petals and pink anther filaments and pistils.
the petals of the flower are large and bright pink in color and its stigma and stamen are yellowish-orange and quite erect.
five vibrant, large pink petals surround a dark pink pistil with five separate stigmas, and a cluster of many tiny anthers around the style.
this flower has large pink petals with a deep pink pistil with a cluster of yellow stamen and pink pollen tubes.
this flower has a prominent upright pink pistil and large pink petals with a slightly ribbed texture.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long style
a bright pick flower with five petals that have slightly darker pink veins running down to the center and a long pink style with five dark pink stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has soft pink petals with curvy edges and long pink stamen in the center of it.

the yellow flower is beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in different layers forming disc like shape around stamens
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
the center of the flower is black with the petals overlapping.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the petals on this flower are yellow with a black center.
this flower has a dark brown center surrounded by layers of long yellow petals.
this flower has long, thin and yellow petals with a dark brown center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a red stamen.

this star-shaped flower has blue and green peddles and a white stigma.
these trumpet shaped flowers are a deep blue color with five ruffled, slightly pointed petals.
the flower has a green pollen tube with blue petals.
a flower with blue petals and brown anther filaments and pistils.
the petals are blue along the ruffled outer edge and have white and darker blue centers surrounding a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stripes
a purple star shaped flower with a dark purple center.
this blue flower has pointed petals and white stamen with white anthers.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has a star shape and is trumpet-like with wide ruffled mouth.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this pink and yellow flower has a beautiful yellow center with many stamen.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with yellow pistil
this flower has purple petals that fade to white at their tips.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and white anthers.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has thin white stamen in a green ovary surrounded by multicolored pink and white upturned petals.
this flower has wide pink petals with white and pale yellow accents.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are white with shades of purple
this flower has large and long white petals which are smooth with accents of vivid purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
what i love about this flower is the subtle hint of pink/fushia colors in its petals.
sepals are green in color,outer petals are white in color,inner are white purple
this flower has a trumpet shaped center petal that is white with purple patches and it is surrounded by other solid white petals.
a flower with white petals and green pedicel and leaves
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has smooth white petals with purple markings as well.

the beautiful flower has light violet petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl shape
the flower has petals that are pale purple and upright with yellow and purple stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are purple with a yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are purple and white
this pale purple flower has pointed leaves surrounding the pistil, and opens above succulent green sepals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is orange and has petals that are soft and separately arranged around the bunch of stamen
this flower has orange petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are dark orange with golden filaments.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange, and yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
orange petals surround a large, dense yellow stamen in this flower.
the flower has reddish orange petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the bunch of yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

the flower has small yellow petals with orange spots mixed in
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are small.
a flower with rounded yellow petals and central clustered white stamen.
this flower has a small blossom comprised of four yellow petals with rounded edges.
the petal of the flowers are orange and the leaves that surround it are green.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
a flower with green leaves, bunches of bright yellow petals, and a very light green stamen in the middle
all the flowers are yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has very small petals that are rounded in shape and colored varying shades of yellow and orange.

this pale pink flower has a large yellow and green pistil.
the flower has a pink bloom with a waxy appearance and a green pistil.
the flower shown has a rough looking peach petal and a green pollen tube
the long bumpy pistil is a yellow green and is surrounded by a large light peachy toothed petal.
this flower has a yellow pistol, that blends into green, and one light pink petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big style
this flower is light pink, yellow, and green in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a single pink heart shaped pedal and green and yellow stigma.
this pink flower has a heart shaped petal and a yellow and green pistil.
the petals of the flower have ridges that emulate an unpeeled orange.

this flower has five white petals with intricate purple accents and very serrated edges.
flower has petals that are serrated and white with purple dots at the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white edges
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has large white petals and purple anthers in the center of it
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white edges
this flower has five wide white petals with purple accents and serrated edges.
a flower with short and jagged petals that are purple.
these delicate purple and white petals stand out against the deep green leaves of the plant.

this horn-shaped and white flower has one big petal surrounding a few stamens.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
this flower is whie in color, with petals that are curled back and uneven.
the petals on this flower are white with a white pistil
a white circular flower ,with green leaves.
this flower has tall and thin white stamen and a large white petal.
a flower with large white petals that surround a center filled with white stamen.
this flower has a large white petal that seems conjoined in appearance,
this flower has petals that are white and has a green stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.

these flowers have different shades of orange and have overlapping petals.
this flower has long orange petals and orange anthers in the center of it
this is a large daisy-like flower with long, slender, orange petals tipped with yellow which highlights the dark, closely packed pistils and stamen.
the flower has small round petals that are orange in color with thick green stems.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has multiple rows of small oblong petals that are orange and yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red stamen
the petals on this flower are orange and the pedicel is short and green
the orange petals of the flower opens on thick a pedicel
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are layered.

the white flower has petal that is soft, smooth, fused and has stamens sticking out from the centre
this flower has big white petals and has no visible outer stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and curled at the edges.
this flower has white petals, white stamen, and a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with small green stamen
this flower is white and green in color, with one large petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has a flowery stamen
this flower has smooth white petals that are connected and have five distinct points.
the petals of the flower curve underneath, and the tips of the petal are pointed.
the white petals of this flower are merged into one, with a few jagged edges, and a tiny white anther is on the green pistil in the middle.

purple bell shaped flower with straight white stamen.
the flower shown has purple petals and a white pollen tube.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the flower is pink and has petals that are fused and forming a bell shape and enclosing stamen in the centre
the flower is tube shaped, the pistil is white, and the petals are a light pinkish purple that furl out at the ends.
bell shaped purple flower with a long star shaped stamen.
the purple petal is cupped shaped and has a long pollen tube.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
these small purple flowers have a cup shape around the stigma, which extends out from the inside.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are small and light purple.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in single layer forming disc like shape
these red flowers have multiple petals around each pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
there is a cluster of small salmon colored blooms with four round petals and small stamen.
this flower is a bunch of red orangish fan like petals with a darker pistil.
this flower is characterized by deep red petals, along with red stigmas at the center.
this flower has small pink filaments and pink rounded petals with a smooth texture.

this flower has white trumpet-shaped petals that become green at the center.
this is a flower with white petals and a green pedicel.
the white pedals on this flower has yellow and green veins, protecting the inner stamen and pistil area.
this flower has a cone shape, with the white petals creating a wide opening
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have yellow veins.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
the petals of the flower have a ruffled edged, and have shades of white and light green.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and with green lines
this flower has five conjoined white petals with ruffled edges and green vein-like striations.

this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
the petals of this flower are yellow and red with a short stigma
a flower with ruffled folded inward yellow and pink petals, green sepals, and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together with red spots
this is a round flower that has yellow, red and white petals.
this bright yellow flower has narrow red patches near the edges of its petals.
this densely-petalled flower has serrate petals in pale yellow with faint streaks of dark pink.
this flower has yellow petals that has patches of red on them
the petals on this flower are mostly light yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color red.
this large flower has light yellow petals with pink tips.

this bright purple flower has large petals that come up and curve in slightly around a vibrant orange style, and a stigma with small filament bursting from the top.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are purple in color with larger orange anthers
this flower has a prominent yellow pollen tube surrounded by several layers of rounded purple petals.
this flower is purple and orange in color, with petals that are curved inward.
this petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has really wide dark purple petals with inner stamen that is orange and yellow.
a rich purple flower with large petals around the edge and an orange stigma in the middle.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has a few purple petals with a bright orange stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma

this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is trumpet shaped with bright blue petals and a yellow stamen.
the flower shown has blue petals, and a white pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are blue with green lines
this trumpet like flower has five conjoined bright blue petals in a star shape.
the flower petals are a bright blue with dark green leaves.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are shaped like a horn.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stripes
a flower with long and pointed petals that are blue.
this flower has trumpet shaped petals that are very bright blue in color.

this flower is red in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cone.
a flower with large individual red petals and yellow individual stamen.
the petals are large and they are an orange-red color.
the flower has petals that are red with red filaments.
this flower has a bright red petal and a yellow colored stigma
a flat red and large flower with a deep center.
this flower has orange petals with yellow stamen in the center surrounded by been leaves.
petals are large and overlapping and the center of the flower appears to be all green with difficulty determining where the stamen and pistil are located.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has circular petals that are bright red in color and surrounding a yellow ovary.

the main white thin and long petals adorn the center of the yellow pollen center.
the round flower has white and thin petals surrounding yellow anthers
this flower has a large number of slender white petals surrounding a large cluster of yellow stamen.
this medium flower has thin white petals with a yellow center.
this white flower has skinny and long petals accompanied by a bunch of stamens.
this flower has many small white petals and a large, yellow stamen.
the white petals are thin and form a disk around a cluster of yellow stamen.
this is a white flower with many petals and a large yellow center
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower has white, thin petals with dense, yellow stamen.

long, thin pink petals with ruffled edges curl downward from the center, where pink filament are topped with darker pink anther.
what i like about this flower is its uniquely shaped petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
the pedicel can be seen and are pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower has pale petals and also pale pink stamen and petals.
the flower has long purple petals with a thick green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with long stigmas
the flowrs has larger pistill with a larger yellow in color stamen hanging outside
this bell shaped flower has six conjoined petals with rounded edges that curl slightly outwards.
this flower has white and purple petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
there are blue flowers and white flowers with rectangle shaped petals with rounded corners and a ridge down each center of each petal, that are connected to a pale yellow pistil in the center.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is green
the petals on this flower are mostlywhite in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this is a long slender flower that opens up and reminds you of a brush, it is bright pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the shape of this stunning pink petaled flower looks like a pine cone.
this pink flower has petals aligned in upward rows on a thick stem.
this pink flower also has slightly darker pink sepals.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed and pink.

the flower has white and green petals with a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has a large white petal and a center that is yellow with no visible stamen on it
these flowers have three petals which are white and have a yellow center.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and the pedicel is green

the flowers are made of short thin filaments that are yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the flower has yellow petals with a dark yellow style.
this flower has petals that are thin and yellow with many golden stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and forming a shape of needle disc with yellow stamens in the center
this yellow flower is comprised of lots of long narrow petals with a round bunch of stigma in the center
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has a rounded yellow center and layers of very thin fringe-like yellow petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower is bright yellow and pale white o the outer pedals
the flower shown has very smooth yellow and white petals with red pedicel
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and overlap each other.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped
this flower has smooth yellow petals that are curved on the edges and it has dark center with a pink pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the bright yellow flower has white edges on its five curled petals.
this flower has yellow petals that has white around the edges

the flowers are alternatly arranged with boyh pink and yelloww petals
a flower with large tubular purple petals with a cluster of small green stamen in the center.
this flower has a long green stem with wide belled purple flowers whose petals curl outwards.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower shown has purple petals with green sepal and a green pedicel
a flower with a wide petal that is light purple and curls outward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black dots
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and thin.
a pink flower with multiple blossoms on one stem and large green stigma.
this flower has one row of broad magenta petals and small dark stamens.

the flower is on a pedicel and the anther is white.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has the overlapping petals which are colored with yellow and red with the stamens at the center
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
a flower with peach colored petals and light pink pistils in the center.
the flower has an overall oval shape with various shades of yellow and orange with orange edging.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has a orange petals that appear light yellow as they lead to the center.
this flower has yellow petals with orange edges and yellow anthers.
this yellow and orange flower has wavy petals and white stamen.

a flower with large open pink petals with a hanging stigma poking out of the central cavity
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pistil
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has dekicate pink petals and a long pink stamen in the inside of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has broad pink petals, yellow and red anther filaments and a pink stamen.
this flower has a row of overlapping circle shaped pink petals with an elongated stamen with a cluster of yellow and pink anther.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
a pink flower with rounded petals with a yellowish inside.
flower has petals that are pink with yellow center and pink anther.
this flower has petals that are pink wit patches of yellow and dots
the petals of the flower are pointed in shape and pink in color.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this fuchsia flower has yellow spotted petals and long stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has light pink petals with darker pink lines and a very thin point at the tip of each one.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled at the ends.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the flower has dense red petals that are overlapped and jagged.
this flower has petals that are red and ruffled together
se0pals are green in color,the flower is red in color
this flower has red petals that bunch up around the pistil.
this flower has beautiful red petals and a huge green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and are ruffled together
this red flower has toothed petals and a green pedicel and sepals.
this flower has a thick white sepal and bright red petals with uneven edges.

this flower has start shaped purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has 8 pink petals with yellow seeds in the middle
this eight petal flower has bright purple color petals that are surrounding a bright yellow center made up of a cluster of filaments.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with wavy oval shaped petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center.
this flower has a ring of light purple petals with notched edges and a wrinkled texture.

a violet flower with large, round petals and no visible stamen or stigma.
this bell-shaped lavender flower has five frilled petals.
the flower has purple petals with a long green pedicel
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower semi- circular purple petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has a recessed pistil area that is not visible and about 5 violet petals.
this flower has light purple petals and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple and has short stamen
this flower has light purple petals that are rounded in shape with crinkled edges.
this flower has five soft and very ruffled petals in a pale purple hue.

the clustered blossoms are pink and bell-shaped, with red speckles on the inside.
the flower has petals that are pink, bell shaped and white with pink spots inside the bell.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are purple with red fots
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
this flower has wide tube-shaped pink bell blossoms with wide mouths.
the petals on this flower are rectangular shaped.
a stalk of trumpet-shaped purple to yellowish flowers with darker spots on the lower, inner petal.
a flower with a tube shaped petal that is purple with spots.

this flower has bright red petals and a grey pistil.
this flower's bright red petals are shaped in a bowl formation so that it may collect rainwater.
this flower has petals that are red and bell shaped
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the pistil and inner ring of the petals create a striking contrast to the bright red of the petals which are flowy and velvety looking.
the flower has four soft red petals surrounding a brown stigma.
this flower has large red petals with a black center and white pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a black center
a flower with long and rounded petals that are red.
a red flower with curved in red floppy petals and a dark center.

flower with a round pink petal and white and yellow stigma
the petal is pinkish in hue with a large white pistil at center.
this flower has one big petal that wraps all the way around the long white pistil with a pink tip to form a pink heart shape.
flower has a circular pink petal and a yellow stigma.
this deep pink flower has only one large petal with a large white and yellow stigma.
this flower has one broad red petal, a white anther filament with a yellow stamen.
this flower has one large stigma with yellow and white coloring and a large singular red leaf.
this flower has one red petal that wraps around the tall white stigma that has a yellow tip.
this flower has a red petal that has a big white style
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals on this flower are pink with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are pink with dark veins.
this flower has petals that are white and pink with dark lines
this pale pink and white flower has toothed petals and pink stamen with white anthers.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines
the flower has purple stamen and purple petals that are pointed on the edges.
a flower with short and wide petals that are pink.
a flower with short and wide petals that are pink.

the petals on this flower are white with pink fringes.
this flower has petals that are white with shades of yellow and pink
this flower has white pistil with white petals with purple trim as its main features
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink along the edges.
the flower has large petals that are pink on the edges and white every where else.
this flower has white petals with a hint of yellow, surrounded by light purple on the edges.
this flower has large white petals with pink ruffling on the edges and yellow center accents.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has large white petals with pink edges and a slightly wrinkled texture.

the petals are yellow in the center with white outer edges.
this flower has a large white petal with a yellow center and no visible stamen
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow centers and yellow stigma.
this pretty flower has five yellow that fade to white at the tips.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has five rounded petals which are white with rounded edges and yellow centers.
the petals of this star-shaped flower are yellow in the center gradually changing to white at the edges.
there are large green leaves and smooth petals with white edges that fade into yellow toward the flower's center.
this flower has large, rounded petals that start with yellow color in the center and fade to white near the edges.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has large pink petals and a lot of yellow stamen on the inside
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
there are many vibrant pink petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as an orange stamen.
this flower has bright pink petals and long, yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
the petals of the flower seem to be standing up, and is a vibrant pink color.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals of the flower are small in shape and are purple, white, and black.
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of yellow and black lines
the flowers on the this plant have purple petal with a splash of yellow.
the flower's petals are yellow and purple with black lines, and surround small white filaments.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has five rounded pale purple petals with accents of yellow and white.
this flower consists of five petals, with two rear medium purple rounded smooth petals, two overlaying smaller paler purple petals, and a downward facing yellow and purple larger rounded petal, with distinctive black stripes radiating from the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that veins.
this is a flower with white petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has ovular white petals as its main feature.
this flower has white petals and green sepal as its main features
this flower has white petals which are uneven at the edge.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has a yellow green ovule, dark green and short stem and white petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
the flower has curved leaves!

a bell-shaped flower with red and white petals, green pedicel, and red sepals
this flower has petals that are red with a white strip and green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are red with white lines
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
the petals on this flower are big and red and have white stripes on them
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
a flower with red and white petals surrounding long white stamen with light red anther filament.
the flower has yellow and white stamen and red and white petals.

the flower has four pink petals and a striped pattern on each petal.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this bright flower has three large pointed striped pink petals, and one rounded.
this flower has large pink petals with some spots of yellow
this flower has four large rounded petals of bright pink with striated lines of darker pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has four wide and very rounded pink petals with delicate designs.
pink flower with white stripes and a red petal in the middle.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple with white spots.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has long white petals that are congested in the plant.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen and layered
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and thick yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow stamen and a few layer of thin white petals.
a light pink flower with upward pointing petals that surround yellow fluffy stamen.
this flower has a yellow center and upturned white and pale pink petals.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigma
the flower shown has white pistil with bright pink petals
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
pink petals white middle green leaves
the petals on this flower are pink with small white flowers.
this flower has pink leaf shaped petals and large white stamen in the center.
a group of purple flowers with bright white tall stigma.
this flower has huge pink sepals with pointed ends and very tiny white petals.
this flower has bright red pedals with 2 white stamen.
the flower has pink leaves under the actual white flower with several petals that turn yellow toward the center.

this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow and white stigma
the pedals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has six petals that are layered and in the center is a stamen.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with white and bright red petals accompanied buy brownish pistils.
this flower has smooth multicolored petals, some of which are red with a white center stripe and others which are white with red tips
red and white petals with a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has white patches
this flower has broad red petals, some with spreading white, surrounding a long pistil.
this flower has a white and light red stamen, red and white petals and a light green stem.

this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the flower shown has pink petals and several white stamen.
the petals are red and the stamen are short and slightly visible.
the petals are very sparse and bright red in color, while the stamen is yellow.
the red petals are curled away from the tiny green stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green stamen
this flower has large red petals with a darker center and light colored pistil.
this flower has large, broad, red petals with short stamen in the center.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
long pink filament and purple anther shoot out of this flower with pink petals.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this odd looking flower features long rectangle purple petals with very long stringy purple stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has long pink stamen bunched tightly together at the center of a sparse ring of pink petals with curled ends.
this flower has short pink petals and a large green pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has lavender petals with curved edges and long stamen in the center of it.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower is has a checkered color scheme that is pink and purple.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has wide purple petals with pointed tips and an intricate pattern of mottling.
the petals on this flower are purple with pink dots.
there are purple and white mottled long oval petals in a cup shape with no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and curved downward.
this unusual flower has a purple and pink color with green long stems
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has dark purple overlapping petals with lighter purple spots on them.

the flower has petals that are dark purple and one petal has a yellow center.
the flower shown has bright purple petals with patches of yellow
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this pretty flower has purple corolla that has yellow color in the center, and has white stigma and anthers.
this flower has small purple petals with yellow and darker markings as well as white pistils.
the purple petals have dark purple stripes and the petal is yellow near the white stamen.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are purple and yellow and they have stripes
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center

the flower has a single petal that is white with a yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with only one big petal.
this flower has a large, white, flaring trumpet shaped bract surrounding a yellow spadix and large dark green triangular leaves that are speckled white.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the flower shown has a smooth white petal with a yellow pollen tube in the center
this flower has a thick yellow stamen wrapped in a thick pointed white petal.
this flower has a large white petal and a bright yellow pistil.
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is long and green
this is a beautiful white flower growing on a green stem with a yellow uvule in the middle,and green leaves with white spots around
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style

this flower has long pink petals and long pink stamen in the middle
the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
a flower with lavender petals and long lavender pistils.
this flower has curly thin pink pedals and several long pink filaments and pale yellow anthers .
this flower has long skinny pink petals that curl downward and upright pink stamen.
this flower has long, thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
a flower with curly pink petals and long pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.

this flower has some petals that are coral red, and others that are white and red with red spots on them, and long thin red stamen.
a flower with reddish pink petals and inner petals have white spots with brown dots.
this large blossom has deep pink-toned petals with wide, ruffled tips.
this flower has a red petal with some white spots and red anther
this flower has petals that are pink with dark lines
these flowers have pink petals with brown specks on them.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has white patches and dark dots
the flower has bright red petals and also petals that are cream and red colored with dark red spots.
this flower has long fan shaped red petals two of which also have some white and darker red spots on them.

this flower has long purple petals and yellow anthers in the middle
the petals on this flower are thin and pink and are going outward from the stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower features a prominent ovary with yellow tipped stamens surrounded by layers of yellow striated petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this purple flower has some yellow stamen toward the center and some darker colored ones toward the outside.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
an electric purple flower with numerous overlapping long narrow petals, and a broad ovule covered in dark yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has a ring of slightly overlapping oblong purple petals with a bit of ribbing.

the pretty flower has yellow petals the are long and curve down.
a flower with wilted yellow petals and green pedicel.
the flower has three alternating sets of three gold colored petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are droopy in appearance.
these droopy, yellow flower petals are held up by a thick pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and curved
this flower has a tall straight green pedicel with petals that are floppy in texture and yellow in color.

the outer petals are brown in color,inner petls are yellow in color
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are small.
this flower has petals that are red, yellow and thin
this flower has burgundy and yellow petals and drooping leaves.
the flower has red and yellow petals as well as green pedicel
this flower has small brown and yellow stamens on a long brown pedicel surrounded by large green leaves.
the flower has a soft pink sepal with pale yellow petals.
this flower has pink stems holding pale, soft yellow petals.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and very thin

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
the flower has a bloom made of pink petals and a center made of a pink anther.
this flower has a large pink pollen tube surrounded by wide pink petals with vertical creases and ruffled edges.
this flower has large pink petals and a large pink stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pistil.
these pink flowers have striped petals of pink and lighter pink and the pistil is pink
this flower is pink and white in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has pink petals that have red lines on them
this is a large round shaped pink flower with white stripes on the petals.

the purple flower faces downwards and is shaped like a bell
the flower has petals that are bell shaped and light purple.
this flower has several bell shaped purple blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has beautiful bell shaped purple petals and a green pedicel.
this purple flower has a tubular shape with spotted petals.
this flower has multiple trumpet shaped blossoms on a single stem and the petals are purple with darker spots outlined in white.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this purple and dark red flower has bell shaped petals and a bright green pedicel.
this flower has bell-shaped purple blossoms with mottled center designs.

these flowers are mostly pink but some of them have white parts located closer to their stamens.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
this flower has purple overlapping pedals with white inner color scheme leading into the pistil.
the flower has purple round petals with a little white.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are white near the center
there are five broad and rounded magenta and white petals in a star configuration surrounding small white stamen.
the petals of the flower are purple and white in color with small leaves that are green.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white patches
this flower has small pink petals and small white stamens.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen
the flower shown has white petals with yellow pistil in the center
a white star shaped flower with six pointed petals and tiny yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has very neat white petals and a small yellow pistil
a flower with narrow white petals surrounding light green stamen with yellow anther filament.
this particular flower has petals that are white and long

this flower has a single layer of rounded petals that are darker pink toward the center and lighter pink toward the outer edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with darker patches
this is a small flower with pink petals and no stigma.
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red center
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has pale pink petals that overlap each other and there is a pit for the pistil in the center.
five light pink petals with dark red coloring near the center.
these flowers have light pink on the outer edges of the leaves, which gets darker towards the pistil and stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow patch and black lines
the petals on this flower are white purple and yellow.
pedicel is brwon in color,petals are purple and white in color
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the flower shown and purple and white petals, with purple lines on each petal.
the flower has one yellow petal, two white petals, and two purple petals.
this flower is white, yellow, and blue in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink, yellow and has dark lines
this flower has two lavender petals two white petals and one yellow petal.
this flower has five petals, two of which are very light purple, two that are white, and one that is white with yellow.

this red coronet shaped flower has connected rounded petals
a flower drifting in water with its bright pink petals poking through.
flower has round red petal and the middle of flower is yellow
a red flower that is funnel shaped that has red sepals that are fused and is white in the central region
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has petals that are red and has a white center
this flower has five conjoined pink petals which are soft and rounded.
a small flower with round, red petals and a yellow center with very small stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are light near the center.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several upturned layers of white petals with pointed tips.
this is a white flower with pointy pedals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower floats on top of water and has layers of slim, upward-pointing white petals that surround a thick center of many bright yellow stamen.
this particular flower has petals that are white and yellow
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has pointed petals, yellow stamen, and green sepals.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has bright yellow petals folded around each other
the flower has large smooth yellow petals which surround it
some of the creamy yellow petals lie flat, but others fold over whatever is in the center of the flower, reflecting sunlight with their shiny surfaces where they perch on the very top of a tall, ridged green stem.
the petals are large and bright yellow while the pedicel is long and green.
this flat yellow flower has small upcurved yellow petals and a green stalk.
this flower is yellow in color, with curled and thin petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
a flower with long and wide petals that are curled inwards.
a yellow flower that is opening up like a onion shedding its layers.
this flower has layers of bright yellow petals that are smooth in texture and in a bulb-like configuration.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this red flower has several clusters of fan shaped leaves around pink stamen.
these are salmon colored with several flowers grouped together at the end of a pedicel, tis a small number of like colored stamen in each blossom.
green pedicel and sepal supporting layered pinkish brown petals that surround a white and purple pistil.
the flower has many red petals with red stamen in the center
lightish red stigma surrounded by small red petals that creat a cup like shape
this flower has petals that are red and is ruffled together
this croup of melon colored flowers have overlapping petals and round green leaves.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are red.
this flower has clusters of blossoms that have smooth pink petals.

this flower is very small with yellow petals and occurs in clusters.
a cluster of closed up flowers with yellow petals and no visible pistils.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has thin red branches as its main feature.
the flower has petals that are burgundy when closed and yellow when blooming.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
a long dull purple with a bright yellow pedals attached to it.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and small
this flower has yellow little petals on a brown pedicel with large green leaves.

this flower has mostly white petals, although the top two have a yellow strip and brown streaks around the green stamen.
the flower has white petals with yellow and red spots and green sepal
this flower has a white and yellow petal with brown feather shaped design and a green stamen.
this flower is white yellow and red in color with small green stigma.
this flower features one prominent white yellow and purple variegated petal with three other plain white petals.
a white flower with white petals on it's sides and two white petals with yellow and black on them out it's top.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
this flower has white petals with yellow and brownish purple stripes.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple spots
this flower has large and slightly ruffled petals in shades of pink and white, with yellow accents.

the petals on this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
sepals are green in color,the flower is white in color
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this is a white flower with connected petals and a yellow ovary.
this trumpet shaped white ruffled flower is green on the outside bottom.
this flower has white petals and an olive green pedicel surrounded by green leaves.
a flower with connected petals that are curled outward and white.
this flower is characterized by its thin, white petals and its white stamen and pistil coming directly from the center.
this flower has a trumpet-like shape and white petals with a light green sepal.

this lavender flower has five petals and a bunch of stamens.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink wiht pink stamen
the flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this is a flower with round pink petals and a pink pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this pink flower has only a few petals that surround the group of small pink stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of light pink petals with deep ribbing.
this flower has slightly overlapping pink petals with delicate vertical striations.

this flower has several layers of pink petals and a closed center where the stamen are not showing.
this flower has light pink petals and no visible stamen in the middle
the flower has petals that are pink with a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has a bright pink petal as well as a green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrapped closely around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has smooth, pink petals that layer around one another to form a bud.
this particular flower has petals that are short and rounded with pink and white
this flower has many layers of smooth light pink petals that are wrapped close to each other.

purple petals that are almost heart shaped with small green receptacles.
this flower has purple petals that expand out from the sepal, protecting the stamen.
the flower has petals that are purple with brown pedicel.
deep purple flower with a bell looking design.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled outward.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.
the petals of the flower are a light purple color, with some petals having a stripe of dark purple throughout.
this flower has dark purple petals with white and light purple tips.
large, deep purple petals in a bell shape and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has small stamen

this flower has layers of large pointed red petals which are veined and appear very leaflike.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals on this flower are red with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has broad red petals, yellow and green anther filaments and red stamen.
this flower has bright red leaves which are veined and pointed at the tips.
the flower has several red petals surrounding unformed buds.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this is a red flower with large petals and yellow stamens.
this is a red flower with large petals and yellow stamens.

the flower shown has a flat blue petal with green pedicel
blue pedals white middle green round leads
the flower has a long round petal that is bright blue in color.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are blue with a white center
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has blue petals which are white near the middle of the flower.
this flower has blue petals, tinged with a light yellow at the center.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are white near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens
the flower shown has pink petals with white pistil and green pedicel
a light pink flower with dark pink spots and long pink filaments.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have thin filaments that are pink in color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals of light pink with one petal spotted with darker pink.
this is a light pink flower with dark pink spots on the inside of one petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
these flowers have rumpled pink petals with dark pinks pots on some of them.

the petal has a smooth white petal with peach anther and filament
this flower has petals that are white with short stamen
this flower is white in color, with petals that are all connected.
this flower has large white petals and white stamen in the center
this trumpet shaped flower has several conjoined white petals which curve slightly outward into points.
this flower has conjoined white petals which are very smooth and have pointed edges.
the flower has a white petal and a stamen directly in the center.
this flower is white in color, with one large bell shaped petal.
this flower has round and white petals with a small stamen
a flower with one petal that is white and surrounds the pistils.

this round pink flower is made of of many dense, oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and overlapping with pink stamen.
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has ,may light pink colored petals wuth balck colores stigma and anthers
this flower has wide spead open petals a soft pink
this flower has a brown center and layers of long, rounded pink petals.
a flat light pink flower with a black center and a pink stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen
this flower has layers of light pink oblong petals fashioned in a ray-formation.

the pink flower with soft, thin, smooth petals that has curly edges
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center with green leaves.
the flower shown has bright pink petals with yellow patches on them
this flower has large delicately ruffled pink petals with small yellow centers.
this is a pink flower that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
two wavy pink pedals fading to yellow at center fold together.
this flower has large and curved pink petals with bright yellow mouths.
a pistil and pink petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading

this flower has smooth petals that are white and yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flowers are white along the outside and yellow towards the center.
the flower has smooth white petals with spots of yellow in the inner parts
these bright white waxy flowers have petals with yellow centers.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower has long, narrow and closely grouped petals that are white and yellow with no visible pistils.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower is made up of five white pedals with yellow closer to the pistil.

this flower has had bright yellow and orange petals with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has a thick orange pistil surrounded by five wide large orange petals with rounded edges.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has bright orange petals that are rounded at the ends.
this bright orange flower has only a few petals that all curve outward and surround a yellow colored stamen
this flower has large orange petals and orange stamen with brown marks running to the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
five bright orange oval shaped petals with bright yellow highlights and yellow stigma.

the salmon colored petals have curly edges and a long stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with a red stigma.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled at the ends.
the flower petals are orange and the stamen and pistil are long and go past the petals.
this red and orange flower has a tall set of filament and yellow anther.
a red flower that curves at the tip and has a long stigma.
this flower has six bright orange petals that surround a very long pistil.
this flower has wide and large red petals with ruffled edges surrounding a protruding red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
this flower has orange-red petals and a long red stamen.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are orange witha short stigma
this tower has several overlapping layers of long red petals with rounded edges.
this is a very bright orange flower with a dark red center.
this flower has long thin orange petals and dark orange anthers in the middle
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has layers of long red petals with smooth tapered edges.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright orange oblong petals in a ray formation.
a flat shaped flower spouting orange pedals around the dark colored center.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
the rounded orange and yellow petals of this flower open with a black well in the center with orange stigma in the center.
this flower has orange petals and green pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with many orange stamen.
large, flattened, wide-bodied orange colored petals with purple veins.
this flower is almost uniformly bright orange, with a few large, wavy petals.
this flower has bright orange petals and a prominent yellow stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has five petals that are rounded in shape, slightly wrinkled, and bright orange in color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

the long magenta petals of this flower are supported under a bright yellow stamen topped by black anthers.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a yellow center.
a pink flower with curved and ruffled petals with a yellow stigma.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled along the edges.
this flower has long bright purple petals in a ring-like configuration.
a flower with long and jagged flowers that are pink.
the flower has bright pink petals with yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower is a cluster of smaller coral colored flowers with rounded leaves and tiny whit anther.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals on this flower are red with white stamen.
the flower shown has small red petals with green sepal
this flower has five soft orange petals that are very close to round, with small stamens, whose anthers are white.
this flower has small and very rounded red petals whose texture is very smooth.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has a lot of smaller blossoms that make up a larger bunch and they are pink in color.

the flower has orange petals with an orange stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and overlapping with many yellow stamen.
the petals are orange in color and have a center composed of yellow anthers.
a yellow and orange flower with layered petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has a large circle of yellow stamen surrounded by dull orange flowers that slightly overlap in a single layer.
this flower has orange petals and it's stamen is yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a flower with narrow and long petals that are orange.
a vibrant orange flower with layers of petals and bright yellow anthers.

the flower has petals that are dark yellow with red centers and yellow filaments.
the five petals on this flower are yellow with a bright red paint like splatter in the middle, coming off of the red are multiple yellow spike looking stamen. in the center are tiny yellow stigma
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a yellow petal with a red mark on it and yellow stamen inside of it
this is a flower with yellow and orange petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals with deep red centers and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower has petals which have both yellow and red on them.
there are two upper yellow and red petals that are close set, under these are three yellow and red petals set farther apart with yellow stamen attached to insides.
a flower with bright yellow petals and red towards the middle.

this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are bright blue with white lines, and the stamen is bright green with black dots.
the flower has stamen and the petals are green in color.
this flower has green petals and purple and green stamen.
the flower shown has green pollen tubes with green sepal and blue petals
a large flower with neon colors and a large green stigma.
this blue and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has a flat row of pointed white petals and a flat row of thin blue filament on top of that.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has large green petals under a fringed set of purple and white quills.

this yellow flower has a lot of small petals on it
this flower has petals which are very tiny and yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many ruffles and layers
a flower with yellow small petals and no visible pistils.
the flower is almost all the way yellow besides for its small green pedicel
this flower has layers of very thin yellow petals and hairs.
many golden yellow pedals layered around form a ball shaped cluster.
yellow stigma that is the same color as the very many small layered petals surrounding it
small, yellow petals with small yellow anthers in the center.

this is a large,pink flower with red stamen and yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading and dark lines
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the ovary.
a flower with a singular conical pink petal with black stripes and orange dotting on the interior of the cone
the flower has large red petals that are heart shaped and round.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are shaped like a horn.
this large pink flower has smooth rounded leaves and yellow stamens.
this flower has five bright pink petals with a deeper pink sepal.
this flower has pink petals with yellow in the center
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.

a unique flower that is yellow, orange and blue in color
long spiked petals in blue and yellow flaring from a long pointed red sepal.
this spiky flower has alternating yellow and bright blue petals.
the petals in the flower is shaped like folded leaves with colors ranging from red, yellow and blue.
this flower is orange, brown and blue in color, and has petals that are shaped like a bird.
this flower has orange spiky petals and purple spiky petals.
this flower has large yellow and blue petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
strangest flower so far with seemingly no petals and just very pointy pistils, vibrant with different colors.
this flower has upright orange petals that are long and pointed.

this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
the flower shown has white pistil with a bright red petal
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
a cluster of flowers with red petals and red pistils present.
the flower has petals that are red with red stamen.
the flower has blooms that are arranged on the stalk and is red in color.
these flowers are bright red petals and bright red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long stigma
this red flower has layered pointed petals and red and pink stamen.
this flower is large in size, and has a very dark red color.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has overlapping layers of wide, soft pale purple petals with slightly ruffled edges.
the flower has a small green sepal and long purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with short steman
large purple petals on easily visible septal and pedicel.
this flower has layered lavender petals on a green pedicel.
five partially furled petals make up this purplish-pink flower.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together
this flower has soft and overlapping petals in a shade of pale purple.

this flower's red velvet colored petals surround the white stigmas.
four petaled red flowers form in a cluster at the top of the plant.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
the inner petals are white in color , the outer petals are red in color
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has a multitude of vibrant red, rounded petals, with darker, maroon buds.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has short white stamen and rounded red petals with a smooth texture.
this flower has rounded red petals and a prominent yellow pistil and stamen.

a flower with small yellow petals and yellow anther filaments visible.
this large yellow blossom has numerous yellow stamen and hundreds of very thin yellow petals.
this flower has hundreds of long thin yellow needle shaped petals and a cluster of yellow stamen coming out of the ovule.
this small yellow flower has thin fine petals around a thick center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
a flower with long and narrow petals that is bright yellow.
the yellow pedals are long and thin with a yellow center with several black spots.
this flower is yellow in color, with very skinny and layered petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
many thin spaghetti like petals are yellow with a large yellow anther in the center.

the tips of the flower are yellow in color and the inside is orange.
this flower has a very wide pistol with numerous petals that are orange with bright yellow tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
a round flower with many red and yellow petals, yellow and green stamen and a yellow stigma.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and yellow at the tip but gradually becoming orange towards the stamen and the stamen are orange in color
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are dark orange and have bright yellow tips on them
this flower has petals with pointed yellow tips and a red color closer to the base.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this is a flower with round shaped orange petals on it.
this flower has green pistil and orange petals as its main features
this is an orange flower with orange stigma and yellow near the ovary.
the petals of the flower are wide and short, and are a bold red color.
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow middle
this flower has large and very rounded red petals with slight vein creases.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and rounded.

long, thin, crinkled yellow and orange petals strung out around the pistil in an enclosing manner.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and pointed.
this flower has red and yellow petals with a red pedicel.
the petals and stamen of this multi colored flowered are full of twisty turns that remind a person of a twisted noodle.
this flower has several long, thin petals of yellow and orange, with ruffled edges.
this flower has widely spaced orange and yellow finger-like petals.
this flower has crinkled petals that are long and thin in shape and orange and yellow in color.
this flower has orange petals that fold upwards and are thin
this flower has long thin petals which are orange with ruffled yellow edges.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with wavy and curly petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that have small veins.
this bright fuchsia flower has variegated pink petals with a bright green stamen in the center and beautiful green leaves.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with green leaves.
this flower has interesting light purple petals that are almost see through.
this flower has pink petals and a large pollen tube.
the triangular shaped pink petals surround deep pink colored stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple style
this flower is made up of large magenta petals and a magenta pistel.
this flower has large bright pink petals with visible veins.

a flower with petals that are so dense and spirally surround the stamen
the flower is round and beautiful and vivid in color.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are bunched on top of eachother.
a pale pink flowers with a yellow inseam and a dark ovary
there are many petals in these two flowers and they are orange and black in color with brown stigmas.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has brown petals, tinged with yellow towards the center.
this flower has many petals of orange shaded to yellow opening around a center of black.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with pink edges.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed petals and brown and yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has yellow anther with smooth white petals
the petals of the flower are white and have a center that has small anthers.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is very small and yellow
this flower has pure white petals in simple rows, orange anther filaments and a light green ovule.
this flower has large white petals with long pale yellow stamen.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a layered thin and long purple petals with small yellow anthers
a composite flower of aster family has beautiful pinkish purple outer florets forming the corolla and the central florets are deep purple and yellow.
this flower has long purple petals and yellow anthers in the center of it
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has an indigo center and long thin pink petals.
the petals of the flower are a bright light pink color, and the stamens are a dark yellow color.

these flowers are pink and green with slim petals. the pollen is long and stick looking.
this flower has purple and white petals and long green filament
the smaller flower petals are pink and the anther filaments are white and located in the middle.
this purple-petaled flower has a long, white stamen set and shades of white.
irregular shaped pink flowers with oval pink petals and long white filaments and elongated pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple.
this flower has four large pink petals surrounding long white stamen.

this flower has werid looking petals that are green and red in color
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and multicolored.
this flower has petals that are red with green edges
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower shown has purple petals with green pedicel and anther
this flower has long and thin green petals with ruffled pink edges.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
a flower with long and pointed petals that are green and red.
this flower has five yellow and pink petals that are very curvy and rippled.
this flower has prominent green stamen and long curled petals.

the pedals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
bright, sunshine yellow petals on a straight, dark green stem.
bright yellow pedals surround numerous bright yellow stamen with center of pale green.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded and small.
this flower has petals that are yellow with green stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
this flower has smooth and rounded shiny yellow petals in a slightly cupped formation.
the petals, pistons, and stamen of this flower are a bright yellow.
this flower has small yellow petals and small yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a long thin green stem.

this flower has long, stiff white petals with a purplish tint.
this flower has petals that are upright and pale pink.
this flower has petals that are pink with white tips
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded upwards
this is a medium size flower with white to light purple petals and no visible filament.
this flower has light purple petals that stand upright and light green pedicels.
this flower has white and pink petals, and a narrow simple dark green pedicel.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the petals of the flower are red with yellow tips and have a red center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the flower petals are red in color with some yellow [patches on outer part
the flower has red and yellow petals with red stamen in the center
the petals of this flower are red and yellow with a long stigma
this particular flower has petals that are red and yellow
the petals of this flower are red with yellow tips and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower has long red petals whose rounded tips are bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips

this is a round flower on a long stem with red petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has bright red petals, and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
an aster family composite flower that has bright red outer florets and yellow inner central florets.
the flower shown has a smooth red petal with yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has several bright red petals surrounding yellow stamen.
two tiers of bright red petals with several dozen yellow stamen at its' center.
the petals of this flower are bright red and the filament are yellow.
this bright red flower has multiple pedals and a creamy yellow center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading

the flower has petals that are light purple with white stamen.
laeves are green in color,petals are rounded and light purple in color
the petals of this flower are lavender with a short stigma
vthis flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
a large milky purple flower with floppy pedals and green stems.
this flower is light purple in color, with wavy and thin petals.
the petals of the flower are purple in color with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has wide, smooth and ruffled petals in shades of pale purple.

this flower has thin, highly cuved petals that begin deep purple then end lighter as they get closer to the sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of yellow
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has stiff white petals that turn slightly pink at their ends on the upper layers.
the petals on this flower are going upward and are white and pink
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that ore oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals with hints of white, and yellow near the center.
a medium sized yellow and pink petaled flower with no visible stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with purple tips.

this is a bright yellow semi-doubled flower with the petals in a pinwheel formation and the petals have toothed tips.
this flower has petals that are shiny and golden with yellow stamen.
this flower has a lot of small yellow petals and a group of yellow stamen in the middle
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several overlapping layers of long rounded yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals that are layers and thin with many small stamen
this is a bright yellow flower with almost a golden tinge to it, the middle is the same color. there are many long, fan shaped petals which for a circular shape stemming from the middle. each petal has notches at the ends of them.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has extremely bright yellow petals and a very small green pedicel

a flower with reddish orange petals accompanied by light brown anther filaments.
the flower has larger outer petals and smaller inner petals that are brown in color
the flower has peach petals with yellow patches and green pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has large light red petals and a few white stamen in the center
there are many pedicel with green leaves, pink petals and light red bottom petals.
the orange petals have red veins and the stamens are small and yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this is a flower with wide and short petals that are curled.
salmon colored round petals with veins of dark pink throughout all combined in the center with a pale yellow pistol and pollen tube.

this large purple flower has thin droopy petals and a thick rounded center.
this flower has purple petals with maroon pistils and anther filaments.
this purple flower has thin petals that lay flat and a domed orange middle where the stamen are.
the petals on this flower are long and pink in color surrounding numerous stamen.
this flower is pink and brown in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower has thin oblong petals that are purple colored and ribbed.
this flower has a round brown center and down-turned thin pink petals.
this flower has long, pink petals hanging downward below its bulbous center.
this flower has long pink petals and a cone-shaped pistil.

the petals on this flower are both pink and yellow in color.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has a group of white and purple petals with a bunch of yellow anther filaments
the flower has a smooth white petal along with yellow anther and filament
the flower has oval white and purple petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has lavender petals overlapped by yellow petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this white and pink flower has both rounded and pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has yellow stamen
this flower has long pointy pink petals under a row of white clam shaped petals.
this flower has light purple sepals, rounded white petals, and a group of small yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with stringy purple stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
the petals on this flower are long and have a round tip and the middle has many filaments
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
the flower is so big with petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner below the disc of purple curly stamens
the petals on this flower are mostly wild purple, and yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower has oblong purple petals underneath a layer of wavy purple filaments.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a strange beautiful white and purple flower with deep purple pointed petals looks like a and green stamen center.
the flower outer petals are lightpurple in color and are larger,inner petals are needle shaped and purple
this unique flower has white petals with a layer of spiky darker ones and a center of a green pistil.
this flower has long white petals and long purple stamen with a green stigma on the inside
a multicolored pedaled flower with a very large green stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that alternate yellow and purple.
a purple and green flower with multiple colored petals and a large green and dark purple ovary.
this flower has long rounded lavender petals and dark lavender filaments.

this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long skinny red petals and red anthers in the middle
this red flower has petals that are layered in three rows connected to a black center filled with seeds.
the flower has many red petals with a large green pedicel
the flower has bright deep pink colored petals and furry steam.
this red flower has a couple layered tooth leaflets with dark center with many short little stigma around the center.
this flower has a double row of red petals that surround a darker stamen.
this flower has a couple of different layers of oblong pink flowers in a ring formation.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.

this lacey white five petaled flower opens in a trumpet of light green with a dense stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
the flower has petals that are white with white stamen.
the pedals of this flower are curvy and bend, while the middle part is yellow and star like.
this flower has white petals with deep green veins and a green ovule.
a star shaped flower with white petals decorated by a pale green. it's leaves are velvety and shaped like a spade.
this flower has 5 white petals that form a pentagram shape with a deeper interior.
a flower that has petals that are connected and white.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has five conjoined white petals with ruffled edges and leaflike veins.

this flower has petals that are white and have purple spots
bell shaped smooth white petals with purple dots on the inside of them and coming out of the green sepal.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with spots of purple
the flower shown has white bell shaped petals with burgundy spots on the inside as its main feature.
the beautiful inverted bell shaped white flower has fused petals that are soft, smooth and has dark pink spots in the inner surface
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has bell shaped petals that are white with purple spotted along the inside.
a flower ith long and wide petals that are white.

numerous pink petals are curled tightly, in layers, around the center of the flower, forming a vague cone shape on top of the spine-tipped sepals that hold them close.
this flower has green sepals surrounding several layers of slightly ruffled pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely together around the center.
pale pink colored petals wrap around the center in smaller and smaller layers.
light pink petals wrapped in layers with a green sepal.
this flower is pink with petals that overlap and concentric circles toward the center.
a pink flower that is curled up and on a green stem.
this flower has layers of pale pink petals with smooth curling edges.
the flower has light pink petals closely circling each other
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled upward.
a flower with very thin and small pink petals, green sepals, and green pedicel
the flower has sparse violet petals that are long and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the flower has petals that looks like sepals and also the bunch of pink stamen are arranged on top of the petals
this flower has thin string like purple petals and a thick pedicel.
this flower has many hairlike layers of thin, pointed purple petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has long, thing purple stamen and thick purple and green sepals.

the flower has petals that are dark purple and overlapping.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are wrinkled on the edges.
this blue flower has several large, ruffled petals toward it's center and larger petals toward the pedicel.
the large flower is dark blue and has several large petals.
this flower has a large purple petal and a dark purple stamen in the middle
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
a flower with wide and long petals that are blue.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has bright blue petals with pleated edges folding up over each other.

this flower has a lot of yellow petals that look very fluffy
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
the flower shown has bright yellow petals and green leaves.
this rounded flower has a ruffled shape comprised of numerous small yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals and is shaped like a sphere.
the flower has several dozen golden yellow petals that ruffle up tighter around the center.
this yellow flower has many ruffles that form the flower in a circular shape
this flower has a rounded shape comprised of many tiny and very ruffled yellow petals.
this round flower has layers of smooth yellow petals that are crinkled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together

this flower has white stamen topped with yellow anthers and surrounded by several layers of rounded pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with white filaments.
the flower is pink in color with a center made of white filaments with yellow anthers.
the flower has a large purple petal with yellow anther and white filament
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower is pink with white and yellow stamen in the center.
a pink flower with large floppy petals circling around long white stamen.
this flower has overlapping layers of pale pink petals with rounded edges.
this flower has a couple of layers of rounded pink petals and white stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with red dots
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
a cluster of flowers with light and dark pink petals and yellowish green pistils.
this flower has pink overlapping petals with red dots and pink anthers.
this pale pink flower has several layers of oval petals with a splash of magenta spots in the center of its upper petals and yellow-tipped stamen protruding from its center.
the flower has a layer of pink petals with darker, almost purple spots, and a yellow stamen protruding from the middle.
the vibrant pink flower has light and dark pink colors throughout the petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the flower has small yellow stamens surrounded by medium sized pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower shown has yellow petals and several yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
yellow, six petaled, flower.
the flower shown has a green pedicel and yellow petals
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower have various shades of yellow throughout the petal.
the small yellow petals on this flower surround a grouping of stamen with short filaments and yellow antenna.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamen forming bowl like shape

this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals are spiky and red in color with green sepals surrounding it.
this flower has lower green petals with red petals at the top.
this flower has petals that are red with pointy ends
this flower has long red petals and a dark red stigma in the middle
this flower has vertical red petals whose tips are thick and very spiky.
this flower has petals that are red and pointy at the end
this flower has long, narrow, red petals that end in a green point.
this flower has three layers of pointed red petals that fan out in a star shape.
this flower has red petals as well as a white pistil.

this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and the leaves are green.
this flower has thin star shaped purple petals as its main feature.
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
a pinwheel shaped flower that is purple and blue colored.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and skinny in shape.
the petals of the flower have formulated a star like circle shape, and a white stripe going down the center of the petal.
this flower is arranged in layers with long, thin purple petals followed by a layer of slightly wavy filaments that are blue in color.

the flower is trumpet shaped with orange-red petals that end rounded with some green and white stamen poking out of the trumpet.
the flower has red tube-shaped petals around a small white pistil.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
flower has longer stamen with larger white anthers
a flower with red petals and white and green pistils.
this red flower has rounded petals and green stamen with white anthers.
a flower with long and rounded petals that are red.
this flower has five red fan shaped petals that surround the yellow pistil.
this flower has a tulip shape with bright red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen

this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel and sepal
salmon colored trumpet shaped corolla with pale yellow anthers and short pointed sepals.
large flower with red-orange petals , with visible yellow pistil sticking out .
the petals of the flowers are red while the anthers are orange.
this vibrant coral flower has a pale yellow stigma and a spike shaped sepal and features saw-toothed leaves.
this flower has wide and ruffled rounded petals in vivid red hues.
this coral flower has broad, overlapping petals flared in a trumpet shape.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
a horn shaped flower with red petals that fold back at their edges.
these flowers are red mixed with orange!

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a brown center and yellow stamen surrounded by layers of red petals.
the round flower features a yellow and black stamen.
the flower has alternating petals that are red in color with larger yellow in color stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has very bright red petals and a dark green pedicel
a red flower with multiple layers of red petals surrounding a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has bright red petals that are oblong in shape.

the flower has yellow petals and has a dark green stem growing from the ground.
large yellow, almost transparent petals folding in with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are dark yellow and overlapping.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curved inward.
the flower is yellow in color and has petals that fold inward.
a lovely yellow rose, fully blossomed and pleasing to the eye. the color really pops in this particular photo.
beautiful bright yellow flower with rounded pedals in a ball shape opening up.
this flower has bright yellow veined petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and curled around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded upwards

outer petals are beige in color and broader,inner petals are whit ein color
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
this flower has orange and pink petals that surround yellow and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has shades of green
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has peach colored petals with tiny buds in the center.
light pink plant with off white undertones and pointed leaves.
this flower has pale pink leaves with veins and tapered tips.

a small flower with angular shaped yellow and red petals, small yellow stamen and green stigma.
this flower has thick yellow and orange petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals in the shape of bells and are white and red
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this is a yellow flower with a red center of the flower.
a flower with white petals and red towards the stamen.
this flower has large pale yellow petals with ruffled edges and bright red centers.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has yellow petals with a red patch in the middle
this flower has white pointed petals with a red center.

these purple flowers have a distinctive white spot pattern on their petals.
these flowers look like patterned umbrellas and they also have white filaments and dark purple anthers.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with white lines
these flowers have round light purple petals which has a white round design in the middle of the petals.
a group of purple and white flowers and a white stigma with black tips.
a circular purple flower with interwoven purple petals with white speckles.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white lines
this particular flower has petals that are purple and white
this flower has white filaments with purple anthers and purple and white petals.

this interesting flower has two petals purple colored, two petals white colored and two petals yellow colored and all these petals have purple radiating lines on them.
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the flower shown has petals smooth white and yellow petals with purple markings
the petals on this flower are purple yellow and white with a black stripe.
this flower has white petals with a series of brown lines coming out of the part closest to the ovule, with some petals tinged yellow and others tinged purple.
a white, purple, yellow flower with black markings on the pedals.
this flower has 2 purple-edged petals, 2 pale white petals with black stripes and two yellow petals with black stripes.
this flower has petals that are white and has dark lines
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are white colored with some yellow hues.
flute shaped flower with a yellow, purple and white petals with black stripes on the petals close to the pistil.

this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
white petals with a white filament and brown and white anthers.
this flower has white fluffy petals and a green pistil.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has a large white petal that looks conjoined in appearance.
this flower has a large funnel-shaped petal with a smooth texture and edges that gently fold over.
this flower has a delicate conjoined white petals with smooth and pointy edges.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled on the edges.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
this flower's petals are bright pink at the base and center and have a bright yellow tip.
this flower has coral red petals with yellow tips, and a large red ovule with yellow and red stamen.
this flower has a yellow and purple pistil with yellow and pink petals
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has a maroon style with coral colored petals that have pointy yellow tips.
a round flower with red and yellow petals surrounding a fuzzy looking center with many purple and yellow stamen.
a flower with yellow-tipped red petals and a bright red stigma.
the flower has many delicate red and yellow petals surrounding a pad of stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower has purple petals and a deep purple pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has large purple petals and some white stamen in the middle
this flower has purple petals and is in the shape of a star.
this flower has white stamen, blue anther filaments and purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
a flower with it's soft purple petals arranged in a star with white anther filament.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has blue petals with slightly darker veins and they're arranged in a star-like shape.

this flower has petals that are pink and folded in the middle
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has very smooth, flat pink petals with slightly pointed tips which angle upwards.
these flowers have no visible sepal, and instead have long, wide petals with a vibrant pink color.
this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stamen on it
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this bright pink flower has pointed petals and a red green pedicel.
this flower has pink petals around a bell of more pink petals at the top of the stem.
the petals on this flower are vibrant pink and the pedicel is green

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has three petals that are pink with pink stigma.
this is a flower with three triangular shaped purple petals.
a trie of violet petals, triangular in shape, around three long pistils.
this flower has purple petals, deep purple pollen tube, and light purple stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has big style
this flower has spade-shaped, veined purple leaves surrounding tiny inner blossoms.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has a trio of very large and pointed purple sepals with darker purple receptacles at the center.
this flower has three triangular shaped purple petals with three prominent purple pistels.

the petals on this flower are unique because they go outward and has a visible pistil
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of white and green
the flower shown has petals white filament with white and red petals
this flower has two layers of large pink petals with vertical white stripes in their centers.
this particular flower has petals that are short and white with a light green center
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has orange striped petals and light green filaments.
this flower has white and pink petals with a green ovary and white filaments with yellow anthers.
the stamens of the flower are tall and thin, and have a light green tone.

the flower shown has pink and red petals with a red anther
this distinctive flower has jagged edged pink, two-toned petals that flare out from the base of each petal being bright red.
this flower has a lush red core surrounding the stamen, while the petals end in ruffles.
there are five equal sized petals with notched edges and the outer part of the petals is pink while the center part and the stamen are red.
the flower has fan-shaped petals that are light pink on the outside and hot pink on the inside.
this flower has pink toothed petals with red coloring in the center and red stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red center
a pink flower with different shapes and the leaves are green
this pink flower has five petals with multiple jagged edges and a darker pink center.
this flower is pink with a darker shade of pink forming a star shape towards the center, and jagged edged petals.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white petals and long purple stamen in the center of it
this flower has petals that are white with long purple steman
the flower shown has white petals as its main feature with green and purple stamen
this strange flower has pointed petals and is white ,purple and green.
the flower has long oval white petals and purple and green stamen and pistil.
this flower has white petals with purple stamen and a big style
this flower has white petals as well as a green and purple pistil.
a flower with white petals and white stamen.
this flower has white petals with fuzzy white and yellow stamen in the center of it.

the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have brown detailing.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has yellow petals with purple markings as its main feature
this flower has petals that are yellow with black lines
this flower has large yellow petals with short brown lines on a few of the petals.
the petals of the flower are dark yellow in color and have specks of black on various petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black dots
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has very bright yellow petals, two of which have small dark red lines on them.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower looks flat and has a ring of six overlapping round white petals with yellow centers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has large white flowers with a yellow center and no visible stamen
the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow towards the inside
this flower has wide, overlapping white petals with yellow centers and slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has wide overlapping white petals with vivid orange center markings.
this flower has white fragile-looking petals with orange and yellow centers which come together to form a 6-pointed orange and yellow star, and it also has a small round pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has an off white petals and a yellow inner tinge to the petals .
large, white petals fade into different shades of yellow towards the ovule.

this upright white flower with large arrow shaped petals that are pink on the upper edges shoots from broad green leaves.
this flower has thick white and purple petals as its main feature.
the flower has petals that are mostly white and has pink color tip and also the petals are supported by pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
the alternating leaves have white and light purple petals.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pink on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this white flower is characterized by its white petals which have purple coloration on the tips of each petal.
this flower has long, round, white petals that have purple tips, and a dark green stem.

this flower has five smooth wide petals which are yellow at the center and gradate to white at the tips.
this flower has a single layer of white smooth rounded petals that are yellow in the middle.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower has white petals, tinged with yellow in the center.
this flower has large white and yellow petals with a bright red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow cneter
this flower has five yellow and white petals that have a star like shape.
this flower has white petals with yellow markings on them.

this flower has white curved petals with yellow anther and a green pedicel.
this white and cup-shaped flower has overlapping petals, a bunch of yellow florets in the middle and a few stamens.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow pistil and a round white petal as its main features
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and wrinkly
this is a white bowl-shaped flower with bright yellow stamen in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled around the center.
this flower has white petals that form a bell shape and has yellow stamen
this flower has a thick yellow center of stamen surrounded by wide veined white petals.

bright pink petals with a pink stamen on a light green pedicel.
the flower shown has magenta petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has a lot of pink petals with no visible outer stigma
this flower has thick pink stamen surrounded by several large, veined, pointed pink petals which are leaflike in appearance.
this flower has long, bright pink petals branching from a green stem.
the petals are bright magenta and the pedicel is light green.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this is a pink flower with long pink filaments and pink anthers.
this pink flower has pointed petals and red and yellow stamen.

this flower has red and yellow petals with a core of low-lying yellow stamen.
this beauty has big yellow and red stripes on its petals with a big hint of yellow stamen.
this large blossom has a wide yellow center and pointed yellow petals with red stripes in their centers.
this flower has very large red and yellow petals along with yellow anther
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped in the center.
this alternating yellow and orange petals surround a bright yellow center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are striped down the center.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and red
this flower has colorful slightly pointed petals that are yellow and red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines

the flower shown has white petals with yellow anther in the center
this flower is white and orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the white linen like petals of this flower surround a bright yellow ball flower center that is made up of many filaments topped by bright yellow anthems.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has large white petals with a wrinkled texture and a yellow pistil surrounded by orange stamen.
this flower has a round yellow center and ruffled wide white petals.
a layer of ruffled white petals arranged in a star pattern around a poof of orange yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple patch
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower is trumpet shaped with overlapping pink petals and a dark pink pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
a flower with pink petals and no visible pistils or anther filaments.
this flower has large pink petals with a dark pink center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red cneter
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has five wide and rounded pink petals which are soft and ruffled.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.

the flower is violet and bell shaped and also the flower has spots in the inner portion
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
the petals of the flower are light purple with white inside the flower as well as purple polka dots inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stripes
a flower that has tube shaped petals and is purple with spots.
this flower has a group of purple bell shaped petals.

the flowers are pink in color and have a white center with purple anthers.
a purple flower with ruffled petals and bright white filaments.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the flower shown has purple petals and white pistil which are its main feature
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this pink flower toothed petals and white stamen with purple anthers.
these flowers have purple petals with white stamen in the center of it.
this flower has five small purple petals with fuchsia accents and serrated edges.
the petals are a bright violet.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are white near the ovule.
the petals of the blue flower are joint and protect the white stigma.
the flower has petals that are pale blue with white stigma.
the flower is blue with its petal fused as one and also the flower has stamen sticking out from the centre
this flower is trumpet shaped and has blue petals with a whitish middle.
a flower with long and blue petals that curl outward.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is bright blue with a white ovary.
this blue and white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a satellite shape
this flower has large light blue petals with a white pistil.

the petals of the flower are white and maroon speckled in color and are on a thick stem.
this flower has thick droopy purple and white petals as its main feature.
the flower has a green pedicel with purple petals which have white spots on them
this flower has purple and white spots and large petals that are pointing downward.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots
the petals of the flower have a spotted pattern that consists of shades of white, pink, and purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has a drooping head and wide petals in mottled plum shades.
the petals have a checkerboard pattern with dark purple and white squares.

this flower has smooth light and dark pink peddles and a pink pistil.
a pink flower with a cluster of pink anther filaments.
this flower has a large pink petal and a dark pink anther filament
this horn shaped blossom is pink with some white, with a pink center and broad, bushy leaves.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled backward.
this flower is pink in color, with one large petal.
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and starting out as a narrow tube at sepal and flaring out as separate petals
a pink pollen tube is in the middle of a very large and flat pink petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pink stamen
this flower has a large funnel-shaped pink petal with generally smooth edges and a prominent pink pistil.

the flower petals are altrnatlyshaped and are pink in color
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large pink petals, white stamen, and yellow anthers in the middle
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower has a smooth pink petal with yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has flat pink petals pointing outwards with yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a dense group of stamen surrounded by a couple of layers of smooth pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this pink flower has rounded petals and white and yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
the flower is big, beautiful, yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens in different layers
this flower has yellow petals and the stamen is also yellow
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this yellow flower has many densely layered pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has bright yellow petals with pointed edges arranged in a ring.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
the bright yellow flower has a fuzzy stem and many elongated, pointed petals.

this flower has light petals that are magenta pink and white closer to the ovule.
this flower has pink petals that are pointed and face upward.
the flower has petals that the tips are light pink and get darker at the bottom.
a purple flower with long pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are darker near the bottom.
this flower has upright petals that are smooth and pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower has long petals with red tips, pink middle layer and white tips.
this flower has pink pedals with a brighter pinker color near the stema.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.

this flower has drooping petals that are burgundy with white spots.
this flower has large red petals and no visible outer stigma or stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
a drooping purple and white spotted flower with long green sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping downward.
this flower has a downward bell shape with maroon and white spotted petals.
this red and pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is lotus shaped with white overlapping petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of upturned white petals.
this flower has yellow filaments surrounded by layers of pointed white petals.
this flower has yellow filaments surrounded by layers of pointed white petals.

a flower with large pink stacked petals and a central cluster of yellow stamen.
this single bloom has bright pink pointed petals and yellow pollen tubes or stamen inside of it.
the flowr petals are light pink in color with yellow colored stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by long pink petals.
this flower has a yellow center with upturned layers of pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
flower with green pedicel, pink oval concave petals that end in a point, at center of flower short yellow stamen and very small anther.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink upturned petals and bright yellow stamen.

this simple yellow flower has an inner trifecta of pale yellow petals with red markings, white outer petals and bright yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower has six plain, pale yellow petals that alternate with three dark yellow speckled petals.
this flower has petals that are pale yellow with yellow filament and red anther.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this is a yellow flower with small brown spots on it.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the yellow petals are ruffled at the edges and have dark orange spots and the stamen have golden colored anther.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red spots
this flower has five large and long petals in shades of pale yellow.
the flower has pale and bright yellow petals, stamen, and pistils.

this flower has groupings of five petal off shoots that are butter yellow in the center and white around the edges.
the 5 round, disc-like petals of this flower seem to spiral out from the center, turning from bright yellow to pure white.
this flower has small white petals with yellow bases arranged in a twisting pattern.
these flowers look like pin-wheels with white and yellow petals.
the flower has beautiful white and yellow petals almost looking like eggs
a flower with yellow petals and are white on their edges.
this flower has yellow petals that have white edges and make a pinwheel shape
there are only five petals per flower and they are yellow closest to the center and white furthest from the center.
pinwheel like flowers whose petals are yellow on the inside land white on the edges.
this flower has multicolored petals with bright yellow at the base and white around the edges.

a large white bloom with a deep white center stamen atop large green leaves.
this flower has white stamen and a few amount of large white petals.
this flower has petals that are white with short steman
this flower has a smooth white petal and a white pistil as its main features
this flower is white in color, with petals that are connected together.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape with very smooth white petals.
this flower has white petals and a set of white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
it's white with petals on it
this flower has petals that are white and has white stamen

the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
white petals purple in the bottom yellow middle green leaves
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this predominantly white flower has a trace of purple along the underside of the petals and its pistil is yellow.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has a yellow center and smooth, upturned white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are just opening.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stigma
this flower is a white!

a yellow bell shaped flower that has bat winged pedals.
the flower has a yellow petal with yellow anther and filament as well
this pale yellow flower has an inner row of slightly darker yellow petals, with an outer row of petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
flower has petals that are pointed and pale yellow with yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi shaped.
this flower has two sets of petals where the first set towards the stem are bigger, are tear drop shaped, laying down perpendicular to the stem and pale yellow and the second set are smaller with ruffles on the edges, darker yellow and make a circle shape while standing up vertically .
this flower has pale yellow petals surrounding a bell-shaped inner yellow tube flower with ruffled edges.
the bright yellow flower has both pointed and rounded petals that are primarily yellow but also have a touch of green surrounding a stamen that is bright yellow.
this flower has yellow petals that include a trumpet-like formation at its center.

this flower has large white petals with a yellow center and no stamen on it
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow towards the center.
the center of the flower is orange, and the outer edges of the petals are white.
the flower is white with its petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the sepal overlapping each other
this flower has five round smooth white petals and a yellow center.
the petals are white, with yellow in the middle, and tight buds surrounding the flower.
this flower has all white petals that overlap each other, they turn yellow towards the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and very tiny
the flower on the plant has a bloom that is maroon and yellow and has green leaves.
the flower has petals that are small and burgundy with yellow tips.
the flower petals is yellow and burgundy in color with long green dull looking leaves
this flower has small slender petals of maroon and yellow and long slender foliage.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has small purple sepals and very tiny yellow petals.
this flower has red and yellow petals on a dark green pedicel.
this flower has red and yellow petals and a brown pedicel

the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and are light pink in color.
the flower shown has white petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower features a prominent group of yellow stamens surrounded by three layers of broad white petals.
this pale flower has light pink petals and a bright yellow pistol.
point pink petals surround the tiny yellow pistil of this flower.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by upturned layers of pale pink petals.
the upturned petals are almond shaped and pale pink and surround a cluster of golden colored stamens and the sepals are flat and green.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has a lot of purple stamen all over the whole flower plant
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
a periwinkle flower with spikey petals creating a flower sphere.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower is shaped in a ball and has thorny petals with a green pedicel
this flower has spike-shaped light purple petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has a globe-like configuration of small blue tubular petals and jagged green leaves.
this flower has blue petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower has pointy purple petals with a green pedicel.

the flower has wilted petals that are dark red and also black.
the red flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens overlapping each other
this flower is red and blackin color, with petals that are wilted on the edges.
this flower has petals that are red with dark edges
flowers are alternately arranged,they are ed in color
the deep red petals are slight curled and surround white stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has black edges
this flower has dark red petals and white stamens.
this flower has very sparse white stamen inside of an irregular cup-like formation of deep red petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

the petals of this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has bright pink petals that have a ruffled texture to them.
this flower has petals that are purple with red lines
the flower shown has wide pink petals, and pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower has conjoined pink petals with smooth edges and darker vertical striations.
this flower has a wheel-like formation with bright pink petals and very short pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft and arranged separately in single layer around pistil

yellow toothed petals dominant a small brown stigma with slightly darker yellow stamen blending in to the point of invisibility.
this yellow flower has dozens of long, narrow pedals that radiate out from a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
this common looking yellow flower has very many small petals
this flower has a large number of slender yellow petals in rows with the largest at the outer row and the smallest at the top row.
a large flower with bright yellow square tipped petals with a brown stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pale yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals bunched together in a disk-type of arrangement.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled and wilted.
the petals are broad and has green sepals on its stalk.
this flower has petals that are yellow with small black lines
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and the leaves are green.
this flower has wrinkled yellow petals with brown streaks on them.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and wavy.
this flower is characterized by its brittle yellow petal appearance as well as its yellow pistil at the center.
this flower has yellow petals with brown accents and stripes towards the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines

this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are curled inward toward the center.
this flower has multiple layers of yellow petals with rose colored streaks.
this is a yellow rose with green stem and orange on the petals.
this flower has green sepal and large white and yellow colored petals
this flower has petals that are orange with red patch
this flower has yellow petals with tinges of red in them as they curl tightly around each other.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow and red with tight wrap.
this freshly budding yellow flower that has not fully opened it's petals yet has some faint orange coloration at the edge of the petals, as if painted on with water color, and the bud rests atop a sturdy pedicel on 4 triangular, green sepals that envelop the delicate bud.
this flower has wide, round orange petals with pink accents at the tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines

this flower has petals that are shiny, burgundy and overlapping.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are shiny in appearance.
the flower has shiny red petals that are long and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with white tips
this purple flower with pointed petals and long green sepal.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is dark purple in color, and has petals that are shiny and pointy.
this flower has petals that are red and has pointy ends
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has alternating layers of deep red petals that are long and pointed.

the flower has cup shaped petals that are pink on the edges and turns white at the bottom.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
a flower with large oepen pink and white petals and conical whide stigma
the flower shown has layers of pink and white petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are creamy white shaded to pink and dark pink at the tips surrounding a bright yellow center.
this flower has a yellow stamen surrounded by upturned pink-tipped white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow edges
this flower has layers of white petals with pink edges surrounding a ring of short stamen and a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.

this flower has green sepal and purple petals as its main features
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with dark lines
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this trumpet shaped flower has the pink petals with the visible veins and hanging from a row of green sepals
this flower has a drooping head and wide pink petals with thick veins.
this flower has petals that are red and folded inwards together
the petals of this flower are pink and wrinkled and the pedicel is green
this flower has a green ovule, pink petals nd a slender green stem.
this flower has a small light green sepal and large pink petals with a wrinkled texture.

the flower has purple petals, pale yellow pistli and dark brown colored stamens.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this particular flower has blue petals and has stamen
the flower are on a green stalk and have petals that are purple in color.
the filaments of the stamen is purple, with small anthers on the tip.
a purple flower with broad purple petals with dark purple stamen at it's core.
this flower has light blue petals with smooth edges and bright blue filaments with purple anthers.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are fuzzy.
small, purple-blue petals with purple stamen and a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have filaments that are pink in color.
a purple flower with stringy petals on top and large petals underneath.
the flower has waved petals that are lavender and very thin.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil
this flower has elongated purple petals under a ring of squiggley lavender white and plumb needle like petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light lavender petals layered with purple fringe petals and a large pistil.
this flower has horizontal lavender petals with many squiggly stamen laying sideways.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen

the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the stamen overlapping each other
this flower has petals that are yellow with red dotted stigmas
the flower has petals that are yellow in color and a yellow pistil with orange detail.
five large yellow petals are arranged around a red throat and prominent stigma with red tips.
this flower is light yellow in color, with petals that are pink in the center.
a yellow flower with rippled yellow petals and long yellow stamen with red anther filament.
this has flowery five wide leaves that are yellow with a deep -set brown center with one pollen tube with five stegma.
this flower has a tall yellow pistil, an orange ovary, and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stigma
this yellow and pink flower has round petals and a white stamen with red anthers.

the bottom of the flower is a collection of green thorns with bright yellow tips, while the top is some thin whispy hairlike structures in bright purple.
this is a flower with sharp and pointy purple petals on top of it.
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
this is a fluffy-looking flower composed of many thin pinkish-purple petals, and the ovary is covered in green spikes.
this flower has a hairy purple petal on top of a spiked sepal.
this flower has bright purple petals and a green spiny pedicel.
this flower has a dense amount of thin spike-shaped purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen

the flower has a smooth white petal with white anther and filament
the flower has petals that are white with white filaments.
this flower has a white petal with very light green anther filaments
the flower is made of a single bloom and is white in color with filaments that are white in color.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
these bright white flowers have a curve to their petals causing them to point in a counter-clockwise position, around the entirety of the flower.
this flower has light green stamen with large white petals.
this flower has conjoined white petals with pointed and ruffled tips.
these are trumpet shaped flowers with large white petals, pale green stems, and long pale green filaments with large white anthers
this flower has a green pedicel, white petals, and green anther filaments.

this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this is a pale pink flower with one petal and a long pink stigma.
the flower has a large peach colored petal that is heart shaped with a large pollen tube.
this flower has one peach curled petal and one cone reproductive cone that is the same color.
this flower's pollen tube is sticking out of the petals and has small fuzzy marks around it.
the waxy red petal has a prickly cone that shoots from the base straight in the air.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has big style
a flower with a wide petals that wraps around the pollen tube.
this flower has a single pointed red petal and an extremely prominent bumpy pistil.

this flower has petals that are red wiht small stamen
this flower has bright red petals with a green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
sepals are green in color,petals are red in color,flower is capsule in shaoe
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this red flower has rounded petals, green sepals and a green pedicel.
this vibrant red flower is surrounded by bright green leaves and a stem.
this flower has petals that are red and has a pinwheel shape
this flower has large flat red petals and a white center.
this flower has a very large funnel-shaped petal that is bright red in color.

this flower has a single large red petal around it with thin streaks of dark red heading in five directions.
this flower has red petals and white pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with small stamen
this flower has full red petals, that are also large and connected near the ovary.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are all connected.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are lighter near the base of the ovary.
the flower has a red petals with many stamen around the green stigma
this flower has petals that are red and has a green style
this flower has bright red petals and a small green stigma.
this flower has a funnel-like shape, a white ovary, and bright red petals.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a flower with green sepal, purple and white spiky petals, purple style, and green stamen.
the flower has petals that are white with purple filaments.
this flower has an outer layer of white petals with an inner layer of blue and white petals surrounding stamen that are in alternating colors of purple and green.
this dramatic and complex flower displays a geometrical arrangement of purple and green stamens and pistils at the center, surrounded by many petals like filaments in stripes of purple, white and periwinkle, complemented by ten sepals whose inner surface is pale green.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green and purple pistil.
this flower has oval creamy whitish green petals with an inner layer of fringed petals of white and blue and very large stamen.
this flower has large white petals with a dark purple stigma.
this flower is white, and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen

the rounded soft petals and fragile, with no leaves in sight.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
the flower has petals that are pink with brown pedicel.
this pink flower has several fan shaped petals which curl away from the blossom.
this flower has very large and wide purple petals.
this flower has smooth, purple petals and a dark purple pedicel.
this violet flower has ruffled petals on a purple stem.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
a flower with pink petlas and a brown stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together

this flower has a combination of golden yellow and pale yellow pointed petals.
this flower is tan in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the several rows of leaves are covering small yellow and green fruits.
this flower has petals that are yellow with imprint lines
the flowers is bright with the stamen being visible.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has imprint lines
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has wide white leaves with veins and pointed tips.
this flower has petals of light green veined with reddish color.
this flower has sparsely arranged light yellow petals with prominent veins.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
purple petals on the outside white petals on the inside yellow metal green leaves
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by five round round white petals and give large pointed purple petals.
what is cool about this flower is its different shapes and textures of its petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower that has purple petals and has white ones in the middle.
a purple petal with white flower and the yellow stamen and stigma and the green sepal
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has orange stamen and petals that are flat and orange, with yellow edges.
the flower shown has yellow pistil with small yellow petals
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flower has four petals that are bright yellow in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy near the edges.
this flower has four bright yellow flat petals witha green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a yellow stamen
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a bright green pedicel.

a flower with pink and white ragged petals, white stamen and white stigma.
this uniquely shaped flower has several fluttery petals and a tubular center.
four ruffled petals alternating 180 degrees up the flower, tinged red at the ends transverse to the petal with a tall pistil and stamen protruding from that.
the petals of this flower have white bodies and coral colored tips.
the flower has variegated petals that are a mixture of red and yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are red and has white shading
the petals are red and white and there is a big pollen tube on this flower.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are yellow and red.
this flower has large white and pink petals with long white stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.

the flower is red in color and the stamen are seen in the photo.
a flower with pink petals and pinkish green anther filaments.
dark red pedals dark green leaves yellow and red middle
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the pink flower has several large outer petals with smaller inner petals, and several yellow styles with pink tips.
this flower has magenta and purple flowers, green leaves, and magenta stamen with yellow anther filaments.
this flower has pointed red petals that have green and yellow stamen
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are red and green.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are leaf like.

flower with white petals looking down and very long purple stigma.
the flower shown has petals which are very tiny and white with a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are white with red stamen
this flower has red sepals surrounding several small, pointed white petals.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has small white stamen and white petals with purple sepals.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen
a flower with short and narrow petals that are white.

this unique flower hang down from its pedicel, with purple and white patterned petals.
the bell shaped flower is facing towards the ground and has petals that are separately arranged around the sepal
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has large purple petals and a long yellow stigma in the center of it
an artistic flower with large cup shaped flower petals with light purple circle shapes on it's petals and long white stigma.
this flower has burgundy and tan petals that hang down from a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has thick pointed petals in an overturned cup arrangement that are dark purple with white markings.
the petals of the flower have a distinctive checkered pattern that consist of various tones of red, white and pink.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
these bright yellow flowers have small angular petals and a large amount of stamen arranged in a circle in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flowers is composed with multiple elongated and thin petals.
the petals are long and thin and yellow and the stamen is short and yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
a large dull yellow flower with a tan center stigma.
this yellow flower has many layered pedals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen

this flower has a very large pistol that is white on the bottom half and yellow on the top half.
this flower has a large red petal and a yellow and white stigma.
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large haeart shaped petal.
a red heart shaped flower with the stigma coming out white with a yellow tip.
this flower has petals that are red with long style
this flower is red, white, and yellow in color, and has a single heart shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this flower has a large red heart-shaped petal with a very thick white and yellow pistil.
this flower has thick white and yellow stamen surrounded by a thick shiny pointy-tipped red petal.
this flower has a long white and yellow stamen and a singular red, waxy petal.

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
flower has several yellow petals with yellow stamen sticking out from middle
this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow stamen
a puffy looking bright yellow flower with a tunnel deep center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this bright yellow flower stands out with a base of pointed petals with a trumpet-like cup and its pistil sticking straight out.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a trumpet like center petal.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a long, yellow stamen.

this flower has rounded large petals that are a combination of light and dark pink.
flower with fringed pink and purple petals on a leafy green stem.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has pink petals and white pistil as its main features
this purple iris has large petals and is on a green stem.
this flower has a trumpet-shaped center petal surrounded by other pink petals.
this flower has pale pink petals and a fuchsia mouth with ruffled edges.
the flower has 6 light purple petals, one of which contains a distinctive pattern differentiating from the others in color and shape.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant pink color, and have a strip of white in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple shading

this flower has thick green stamen and purple fringe surrounded by wide white petals with pointed tips.
this flower has thin wiry petals that are dark purple from the center and white on the outer edges.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with white and purple stamen
this is a strange flower with white petals and purple near the ovary.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner below the disc of curly white disc layer of stamens
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are curly.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big green style
this flower has a large upright green pistils and yellow stamen with a layer of wavy white filaments and oblong petals.
a wavy flower with a green long stigma in the center.

the petals of the flower are sharp and pointed and are orange in color.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has a wide textured center surrounded by upturned red petals with sharply pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are red with pointy edges
the petals on this flower are red with greenish stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed.
this flower has pointed orange petals with many tan and brown stamen in the center.
a flower with red petals and hundreds of stamen.
this flower has a wide pale center and pointed, thick red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen

the flower is blood orange in color with a dark center and green leaves.
the flower is orange in color it has a deeper orange color in the center of the flower
this flower faces down and has large flat orange petals with many stamen all bunched together in the middle.
orange pedals with darker veins surround pistils and stamen which form a plug-like cluster in the center.
the flower is big and it has petals that are separate and forming a funnel shape that is covering the stamens
this flower has smooth orange petals hanging from a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red patched
a pinkish small flower with a large dark stigma center.
the petals are orange with dark orange veins and the stamens are brown and clustered.
this flower has bright orange petals arranged in a slightly overlapping ring with oblong tips.

yellow petals with orange speckled center
this medium yellow flower has rounded fluttery petals with orange spots
the flower has yellow petals with orange spots on them
this flower features large droopy yellow petals with a red speckled pattern in the center.
this is a vibrant yellow flower with small petals, and orange dots.
the flower has swirling yellow petals that are smooth and and appear fluffed
this flower has wide yellow petals with rounded edges and small orange spots.
this bright yellow flower has lacy petals with red dots near the center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow with speckles.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wrinkled and spotted.

this flower has several smooth, flat pink petals with rounded edges.
the petals on this flower are small and pink with a pink pedicel
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a thick stem.
this flower has large red petals with no visible outer stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has very smooth and slightly waxy petals in a pale pink shade.
the petals are bright coral red and the pedicel is reddish brown.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has bright pink, broad petals and a brown and red pedicle with little leaves.

this flower has ruffled, light purple petals and pale yellow anthers.
this flower has a large purple petal and a purple anther filament
this purple flower also has purple anthers and filaments, and has large, floppy petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wilted in appearance.
the petals are star shpaed and the colored purple
flowers have a narrow purple hollow tube with a single layer bright violet flowers that look soft to the touch.
the 5 petals on this flower are very broad, purple and fold back away from the stamen.
this flower has five large and very round pale purple petals with a ruffled texture.
this flower has petals that are ruffled and has short stamen
a flower with wide and curled petals that are purple.

this flower has broad, white, round petals and yellow stamen with a green ovary.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
a with petal flower with yellow anther and a green stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has six solid white petals and yellow stamens.
this white flower has petals as well as a stamen.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistils are long and yellow
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the pure white petals are rounded at their ends and surround in a deep contrast a yellow stamen and green style.
this flower has six white petals as well as yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are green with purple and white stamen
this purple blue and white flower had larger petals underneath thin wispy petals.
long white petals with multicolored blue, white, and purple stamen
this flower has a lower layer of white petals with an upper layer of very long and thin purple petals that are white at the base.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has long rounded white petals with skinny white and blue petals on top of those.
this flower has a green ovule, green stamen , a purple pollen tube and pure white leaves.
this flower has white petals in a ring followed by a ring of blue filaments.
there are needle like blue and white petals, a purple stamen, oily leaves, and wide sepals.

a flower with pointed white and green petals, green sepals,a nd green pedicel
petals are alternately arranged,inner are purple and the outer are green
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are darker on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with many layers
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
the flower has white oval shaped petals that are pointed on the end.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.
this flower has vertical layers of green and pale pink petals.
this flower has petals that are white and are folded together upwards
the flower has pointy white petals with green sepal in several rows and a green pedicel.

this flower has several upturned layers of long thick white petals other pointed tips.
the flower shown has small pointy white petals with yellow pistil
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with layers and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are upright and pale yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has smooth, white petals and white stamen with long, yellow anthers.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of white petals with pointed tips.
this pale yellow flower has long, pointed petals with long, yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

a large medium pink flower with a white ring before the pink and the middle is green and yellow.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
purple petals in light violet with a center of white and yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are pink and wavy edges.
the petals of the flower are pink and have a yellow center.
this flower has linked petals of pink which are soft and ruffled.
a velvet round shaped flower with green and white center.
this flower has a large funnel shaped petal with a yellow ovary and pink coloring.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a green center
this pink colored flower has very tiny stigma that is yellow in color.

the purple petals curve down in order to form a bell shape and hide whatever pistils or stamens may be inside from view, hanging from a pale green stem among shiny, toothed green leaves.
there are purple leaves with curled edges and prominent veins supported by a pale green sepal and pedicel.
a purple flower with large droopy petals, only two petals visable.
this sideways beauty has a nick purple tinted petal with its vines visible.
this flower shown has a smooth purple petal with a green pedicel
this flower has a white sepal and a light blue funnel shaped petal with darker veins.
this flower has petals that are purple and has black lines
this blue flower has veined petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have dark veins.
this flower has a drooping head of purple petals with delicate veined texture.

this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
what is unique about this flower is its coral like petals.
sepals are green in color,petals are light pink in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
a flower with light pink petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has a tall column of layered smooth pink oblong petals.
this flower has tiers of pink petals shaped like a cone.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together in layers

pedicel are green,petals are pink and have yellow patches
a flower with yellow and pink petals with white anther filaments in the center.
dark petals yellow middle white greens and green leaves
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow center
this has large round fluted petals which bright pink on the outer edges and deep yellow around the pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and wilted.
bright pink circular petals with white outside edges and bright yellow closure to the stigma.
the fan shaped petals are pink towards the edges and bright yellow in the center around the white stamen.

the pretty flower has a lot of thin long petals around a pink center.
a large pink flower with thing petals and many small white stamen.
flower with numerous pink outer petals with inner white filaments and a central dark disk.
this is a large pink flower with many skinny, long petals and a wide center.
a coral colored daisy-like flower with long rows of petals highlighting a deep burgundy stamens for the center.
this is a pink flower with thin petals and a dark pink receptacle.
this flower has pink petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has layers of long thin pink petals with rounded edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

these flowers have dark orange petals that are layered around a dark orange stigma.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
this flower has long, narrow, orange petals that overlap each other and an orange pistil.
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
some large red flowers with dark stigma in the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has pink stamen
this flower has a rounded center and layers of thin red petals.
this flower has layers of peach colored oblong petals in a ray-like formation.

this flower has petals that are white, with yellow centers and white stamen.
the flower is white with petals that are forming star like shape and also the petals are enclosing stamens in the centre
white petals with the green middle light green stand and leaves
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has white petals that have green lines on them
the white flower with petals that are soft, smooth and fused at sepal and suddenly flaring out forming star like shape
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has white petals with jagged edges in a star-like formation.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has several yellow petals with a red line down each petal.
the petals are separated and they are in a circular position.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has a wide flat center of yellow stamen surrounded by long yellow petals with red centers.
the bright yellow petals have dark orange stripes and the anther is golden colored.
the flowers have many yellow petals with a red streak running through the middle.
this flower has a single layer of bright petals that are yellow and red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange lines
these flowers have yellow and red petals with oval shaped edges.

this flower has light pink petals and light pink pistils.
this flower has large pink petals and long pink stamen in the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped.
big, flowy, pink petals with white radiating outward on them surround a small pink pistil.
this flower is pink with overlapping petals of equal size.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
the flower bloom fans outward and is light pink in color with a light pink center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has lavender colored petals that lightly overlap each other around the center.
this flower has wide pink petals with vertical striations and a thick pink stamen.

the petals of the flower are yellow in color with green leaves and sepals.
this flower has petals that are pale green with many green stamen.
the flower has yellow petals that are greenish colored as well.
this flower is green in color, with petals that are drooping over the center.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy stamen
the flower has five white petals with green, and white stamen.
this flower is light green in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has large white petals in a wheel shape with a lot of thin green stamen at its center.
this flower has green petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has five light green yellow petals with darker green stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink and spread apart
this pink and white flowering shrub has grey bark and large blooms with deeper pink buds.
the petals are pink in color and have a thick wooden stem.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has purple petals with green sepal which are its dominant features
a flower with pink petals and a brown stem.
the flower is growing off a branch, with skinny, oval shaped petals that are a light purple in color.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
the petals of the flower are long and thing, and have various shades of white and pink throughout.

the pretty flower has large yellow petal with a horn shape petal in it center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
a bright yellow flower with with six petals in back, and a bell in the center.
this flower features a consistent set of yellow stamen and petals.
bright yellow pointed petals that form a star shape around one large circular yellow petal with a yellow stigma and yellow stamens.
a golden flower with a pinwheel shaped base and a bell shaped section in front.
this flower has a ruffled inner trumpet surrounded by tapered yellow petals.
this flower has six bright yellow, pointed petals and yellow anthers and filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has yellow petals that make up a star-like shape with a trumpet shaped petal in the center.

larger pink prominent pistil with many yellow stamens
this flower has petals that are pink with long style
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals on this flower are pink with a pink pistil.
large, delicately ruffled petals reach upward from the base to form a gentle bell around the thick pink pistil. the petals are pale pink that fades to a deep magenta at the heart.
this flower has large pink and white petals with a long pink style.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery style
this flower can come in a variety of pinks pedals with a long pink stamen.
this flower has a tall bright pistil and large light pink petals.

this flower has many yellow petals with a solid black pistil.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower has long dark yellow petals with black stamen in the center.
the main element of the flower shown is bright yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has bright yellow petals that are long and slightly ribbed and arranged in a ring formation.
pistil is all black and any stamen do not appear to be present with thin bright yellow petals.
this plant has a ring of long, yellow petals, and a brown stigma.
this flower has a round brown center surrounded by long yellow petals.

the yellow petals on this flower are arranged in a group of five with some red spots near the center.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are slightly ruffled.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a red dot
this flower has bright yellow round petals that have splashes of orange color towards the receptacle.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with orange details.
this flower has five wide yellow petals with bright red center accents.
this flower has five fan shaped yellow petals with a bright orange dot closer to the pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has yellow petals with smooth edges and red specks on them.

this flower has yellow petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled over the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and closed together
this flower has petals folded tightly inside each other of a light green color and black spots at some edeges.
this unopened soft yellow flower stands on a solid greed pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are still unopened.
this flower has petals that are yelow and are folded together
this flower has yellow petals with green veins running through the petals easily visible while they are turn upwards and inwards to cover the center of the flower.
this flower has closed yellow petals on a green pedicel.
the flower has green petals which are closed around the center of the flower.

this flower has large yellow petals with yellow anthers in the center
the flower has a smooth yellow petal with yellow anther and filament
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has yellow petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow with small steman
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange center
a yellow flower with a dark yellow center with very short yellow stamen circling a green ovule.
this flower has four bright yellow petals with a a little bit of space between each one.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.

the inside of the red petal is shinny and there is a single stalk.
the flower has a thick long pollen tube that is multicolored and a shiny petal.
a pink and red flower with a ruffled large petal and a long pink and red pollen tube.
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with long style
the flower has a single large red petal with an obvious stigma protruding.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large petal that is thick.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
the flower has one large pink waxy looking petal and one large pistil.
this flower has a single pink flower, a pink and purple anther filament and green leaves.

this flower has thin drooping yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
yellow petals flay off of a thick green pedicel with brown to yellow stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals with brown patterns on them that droop outwards towards the ground.
a small flower with yellow petals and a large green sepal.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and curled.
this flower has yellow petals with patches of black and a hidden ovule.
this flower has a large closed sepal and yellow petals

the flower has purple colored set of petals with it's stigma in white color.
this flower has a small white blossom protruding from its pollen tube, surrounded by several large purple pointed petals with leaf like veins.
this flower has petals that are purple with a big stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are very small.
the flower has petals that are purple with white stigma.
this flower has a square shaped purple petal that has two smaller flowers in the center.
this flower has purple, veined petals and small white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stamen
this is a purple flower with a white small stamen.
a flower that has triangle purple petals with a white pistil.

this flower has overlapping petals that are white with pink edges.
the flower has white petals with pink boarders and are ruffled.
the flower has both pink and white in it, the white being on the inside of the petals with the light pink trimming each petal individually.
these petals cluster together and are white with a pink lining to the edge.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
the ruffled petals are white with pink edges and the sepals are green.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and pink along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has many ribbon like white petals that are tipped in pink.
this flower has large white petals that turn pink towards the tips.

this flower has pointed white petals which angle backwards around a deep vibrant purple center.
the flower has flded petals that are light purple in color with the outer part spoted dark purple
a flower with light pink petals and no visible pistils.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple towards the inside
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pedicel is brown
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center
this flower has pale pink petals which are very smooth and bent backwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and darker near the bottom.
this flower has a dark purple pedicel with smooth white petals.

bright yellow orange feathery plumes are composed of hundreds of tiny flowers.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower has clusters of dozens of yellow pointy leaf-like petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and stringy and sharp
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has vertical growths of shaggy petals in bright orange hues.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
the spiky yellow flower is a dirty yellow with bright green leaves.
this golden colored flower has a big grouping of small petals.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the flower is yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth and needle like and also arranged around stamens
this flower has yellow pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
the petals are yellow with anthers appearing as white.
this flower has petals that are yellow and verythin
this flower has thin yellow petals and a bright orange pistil.
this flower has many long thing petals that are yellow and needle like.
there are pale yellow pedals that form needle like off the plant. the stamen and stigma are a pale yellow.
this flower has petals that areyellow and very stringy
this flower has hundreds of pointy needle like yellow petals surrounding the yellow stamens.

this flower is pink and white in color with droopy petals, and a green pedecil.
the flowers have petals that are pink in color and have a thick stalk that is lime green.
the flower has different shapes and colors of petals, the center petal is closed.
flower with purple petals and zygomorphic symmetry with tube like center petal that is dark purple and yellow.
this flower has petals with different shades of purple and one short stamen.
there are white pedals with a slight hue of purple, while the insides of the pedals are a deep purple.
this yellow, pink, and purple flower has wavy petals and pink sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower has droopy pale purple petals that are darker around the edges, the sepal are also a pale purple but are much whiter than the petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

the petals of the flower are soft white and pointed and arranged in several layers while the stamen and stigma are bright yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has long stamens with yellow anthers at the tip of the filaments.
the petals of the flowers are layered and are light pink in color.
this lush flower features pink-white petals and a lush arrangement of yellow stamen.
a light pink flower with pointed petals and a yellow circle.
the pedals are stacked upon each other with a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has pale, narrow white petals with a large bunch of yellow pistils in the center.
the petals of this flower are very light pastel pink and the pistils are golden yellow

this flower has a brown pistil and pink downward facing petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has light pink petals that are long, thin and wilted.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with yellow anthers.
this flowers has white petals tinged with white and and greenish yellow receptacle.
this light purple flower has a row of long, downward pointing petals, and a sphere of orange and green stamen.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has pink petals that droop down and has yellow stamen
this flower has light purple petals that droop toward the ground and a large, bushy stamen.

the flower petals are purple in color and the anthers arelarger in size
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this large-blossomed flower has ruffled purple feathers and smooth green leaves.
this flower has a large purple petal and a bright yellow anther filament
this flower has petals that are pale pink with dark pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are very light purple in color.
these flowers have pale purple petals with a petal that has yellow and a darker purple coloring.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple spot
a group of light purple flower with a multicolored stigma in center.
this flower has a large pink petal scheme with slightly ruffled edges.

a orange and yellow potato with green leaves
the petals of the flower are yellow and orange in color with green leaves.
the flower has a thick pedicel that is green and very thick.
an orange and yellow petal flower with large green sepal.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has ruffled and very soft petals in shades of pale orange and yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow dots
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
orange and yellow petals sit on top of a thick purple pedicel.
this flower looks like it has only one large petal with an orange and yellow color that is folded in a cone shape with one edge bent backwards.

the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
a flower with folded white petals, purple sepals, and yellow stamen
this purple flower has an outer layer of larger, darker star shaped petals, an inner layer of rounded, lighter petals, and bright yellow stamen at its center.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
the petals of this flower are white and purple and the pistil is yellow
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a flower with white and purple petals and yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals being purple and the filaments are white and the ovary is not seen.
the blue flower has petals that are soft, thin and forming a single layers around white stamens
a purple pedaled flower with long pedals with a white center.
this eight sepaled purple flower has white color stamen and anthers
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a center that is white in color.
this flower has white stamen and wide purple petals with tapered tips.
this flower has purple petals that have many white stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with purple spots
this flower has long pink petals and long white stamen with white anthers on it
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have darker pink spots.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
these blossoms have pink pedals and long curved stamen, the upper pedals have much darker pink spots while the lower pedals are a single color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red spots
delicate pink petals with one of the petals sporting dark pink dots, this flower has very long pistils.
the color of the petals of this flower are two distinct shades of pink, while the stamen are visible and very long.
this flower has five pink petals in a star-like pattern with darker pink spots on them.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this is a flower that has many long and skinny purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the flowers has a beautiful petal set that looks like several hundreds of pins stuck to a ball.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are curved upward and oval shaped.
this flower has hundreds of needle like purple petals with white undertones.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has thick green and purple sepals and very thin blue petals.
a blue flower with a green sepal and the leaves are green

the flower has petals that are white, with a singe petal that is white, with purple tip.
this flower has soft floppy white petals and one on each flower has purple coloring.
the petals of this flower are white and purple with a short stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with a patch of purple
there are white, flat, ruffled petals and petals that are ruffled, purple, white, and vase shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, with wavy and curled petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of purple
this flower has white petals with one petal having purple coloring on the inside of the petal.
this flower has broad white petals with a purple interior and yellow stamen.

this flower has short and skinny pink petals and red anthers in the middle
this flower has petals that are purple with red stamen
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this purple color flower has the simple row of petals arranged in the circle with the red color pistils at the center
a long pink petaled flower with a round orange stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny oval shapes.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has thin, purple petals and a ball-shaped stame.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has a ring of long light purple petals with a ribbed texture.

the two yellow petals have red stripes on the lower part.
the flower shown has yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are ruffled.
a flower with orange petals and orange pistils in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a few spots of red
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a red spot
this flower is a bright yellow with delicate petals and filament in the center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the flower has small petals that are dark orange with orange filaments.
this flower has a small red petal with a light pink stamen
orange petals with pink stamen and pistils.
this uniquely shaped flower has several fluttery petals and a tubular center.
the pink petals are small and delicate with pink stamen in the middle.
this flower has many small blossoms grouped together and they all have smooth pink petals in a wheel formation.
this flower has soft red fan shaped petals with a pink pistil.
the petals of the flower are coral in color and has leaves that are green in color.
this reddish pink flower has rounded petals and a dark brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together

stamemns are longer,with larger white anthers
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with white shading
the petals of the flower are pink and white in color and have filaments that are white.
the white flower has petals that are soft,smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has wide, slightly overlapping petals in white with pink accents.
this white and pink flower has pointed pedals and white stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has large pink and white petals with long white stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
the flower shown has bright orange petals with orange pistil
this flower has bright orange petals with a yellow receptacle.
this flower has petals that are orange with green stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with thin wavy petals.
the round bright orange petals of this flower appear to be floating around a yellow bowl center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals are orange and wrinkled, with wide green leaves all around.
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange pistil.

the flower shown has bright purple petals with white pistil in the center
many stamen are ther with larger anthers trhat are white oin color
these petals are large and purple in color with green in the middle and yellow
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has lavender petals that are veined with darker magenta.
this flower has very vascular, purple that change to green in the center which holds the yellow stamen with furry anthers.
this purple flower has rounded veined petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are green and has dark lines
this flower has a bright green ovary holding prominent, lightly colored stamen and pistil, surrounded by light pink petals.

the flower has petals that are purple with white stamen.
the flower shown has purple petals with white anther and filament and a yellow pollen tube
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are leaf like in appearance.
this flower has purple petals with a lot of white stamen in the middle
a flower with large purple individual petals and a cluster of lengthy white stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pistils are short and white
a deep purple flower with spade shaped petals in a star pattern surrounding a burst of bright white stamen.
these flat purple flowers have a vibrate white center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen

this flower has petals that are yellow with brown stamen
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this is a flower with a brown pistil and long yellow petals.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower shown has yellow and orange petals with dark red pistil
this flower has petals that are orange and has red stamen
this flower has a bright orange pointed petals that surround a red shiny center.
this flower has a darker center and layers of long yellow petals with rounded tips.
this orange and yellow flower has thin rounded petals and green sepals.
the beautiful flower has yellow petals that are soft, smooth, separately arranged in disc liker manner and has brown stamens in the center

this star shaped flower has a whirl of white petals with the short stamens inside down at the middle
the petals of this flower are white with a small stigma
sepals are green in color,flower is capsule in shape,white in color
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
a flower with a white petal and pointed tips.
this is a ruffled white flower with a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.

this flower has light pink petals with red and green pedicel as its main features
the pink petals are long and pointed upwards and curled at the ends and the stigma is deep maroon while the stamen is pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is bell shaped with pink petals pointed upward and pink stamens.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
this flower has very long pink petals.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are attached to a stem that is brown in color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and curled.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this yellow flower consists of a large number of mounded petals and no noticeable pistil or stamen.
the petals on this flower are yellow and very folded.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
a bright yellow flower with tiny petals and yellow stamen.
the flower has several bright yellow petals that start small on the bottom and skinny petals on top.
there are many yellow petals attached to the green stem with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has a round mound of tiny ruffled yellow petals.
the yellow flower petals flourishes the dark pollen tube and stigma
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens in different layers
this flower has multiple layers of light orange petals that turn more yellow on the upper layers.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
the flower has petals that are orange fading to yellow.
this flower has multiple peach colored almond shaped petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this large flower is pinkish in color and has many dense layers of petals.
this light yellow-orange multi - row petaled flower in an alternating arrangement
this flower has layers of pale orange petals with yellow centers.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny.
the flat flower has pink petals with a pink inside and green leaves.
this round pink flowers has many small long thin petals and large green folliage
the leaves of this flower are very broad and a bright green color to partner well with the bright pink petals.
this hot pink blossom is round with a lot of thin petals surrounding the round black and red center.
this flower has rows of bright pink petals and a round, dark red stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright pink.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are layered.
the flower has several thin long petals that are bright pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and red stamen

the petals of the flower are red and yellow in color and have a large green leaf.
this flower has pale yellow petals and medium purple sepals.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
a large group of red and yellow petals sprout out of the side of a broad pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has petals of yellow and a reddish purplish color.
this flower has pale red stamens holding thin and pale yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is strange flower with purple petals and yellow stigma.
inner petal;s are needle shped and are purple in color
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has pink petals that have long, stringy and purple stamen
a large plant with purple pedals and a white tip and a white stigma.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.

this flower has yellow and purple petals and purple pistil as its main features
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this strange looking flower has a lot of different color petals .
the petals of the flower are yellow and orange and have curled edges.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
a flower with long and round petals that is yellow and orange.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has yellow and orange petals as well as a purple stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange with yellow spots, while red is the color of the stamen.

this flower has bright white broad oval shaped petals with light yellow stamen in the middle.
a flower with large white petals a green stigma and yellow stamen.
a white flower with 6 large white petals and large yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals and yellow stigmas with white pistil.
the flower has smooth white petals with little yellow anther and a green pollen tube.
the flower has six oval shaped white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has six wide and very smooth delicate white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has very pale white petals with deep green veins and a green receptacle in the center with yellow anthers.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the flower shown has white and green petals with green pistil
this flower has petals that are green with dark lines
this flower has petals that are pale green with dark green center.
this flower has white petals with prominent veins in varying sizes.
this flower has white and pale green leaf-like petals with pointed tips and thick veins.
these flowers have olive green petals with green stamen in the center of it.
this flower has light green pedals that resemble the plant's leaves, and dark green and yellow anther in the center.
this flower has petals that are green and has imprint lines

the bell shaped flower that has fused petal that is soft, smooth and has spots in the inner region
the flower has purple petals that are large and wilted down.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and hanging down
this is a flower that has long petals that are a light shade of purple.
the flower has long soft petals that are purple with purple and white dots.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark spots
this flower has multiple pink bell shaped blossoms on the same stem.
this purple flower has rounded pedals and a green pedicel.
this flower has many purple horn shaped petals that have plumb and white spots on the inside.

this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the pretty flower has a lot a long thin petals about it large center.
this flower has a long and pointy yellow petal and a lot of red anthers in the center
the sepals are green in color with yellow colored petals and black colored anthers
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with a center that is brown.
this flower has a wide brown center and long, thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
this flower has brown anther and long yellow petals.
this flower has yellow thin petals radiating outwards from a brown center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen

this flower has five large wide pink petals with vertical grooves and round tips.
the petals are light purple in color and rounded at the end while the stamen is white.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are heart shaped.
this flower has pink petals that are beautiful and a small green pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower has five pink petals which are vertically striated and slightly heart-shaped.

this large blossom has wide red petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
leaves are green, flower is red in color with yellow anthers
this bright red flower has a yellow stigma right in the center of it and petals which blossom outward from the center.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
a group of large red flowers with a deep center with green leaves.
beautiful red flower with petals that are soft, smooth and fused at sepal but flaring out as separate petals forming trumpet like shape
this flower has large red petals that lead to a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are bright red in color with green leaves.

six purple spotted petals that form a star with a large pistil that also forms a star appearance.
this pink and white petaled flower has a long stem.
six petals, joined in a ring, white with numerous bright purple spots, surround a prominent pistil of the same coloring to make one of many flowers on a slender stalk.
these pink and white flowers have long pointed petals and spotted stamen.
the flower has white petals with purple spots covering it and white pollen tubes
this flower has six petals that are white and purple with dark pink spots on them.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple petals with white spots, white and purple stamen and purple anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are white and covered in purple dots
this flower has long pointed petals of pink spotted with deep magenta and some yellow at center.

this flower has purple petals with black stripes on them, and no visible outer stigma
the flower has purple white and yellow petals with black streaks
this flower is purple yellow and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the small flower has petals that are purple, white, and yellow in color.
this flower has several rounded petals in pale shades of purple, yellow, and white.
this flower has yellow white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has three purple petals which are white on the inside with black and yellow highlights.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has dark lines
this flower has a lower level of purple petals, and an upper level of yellow petals with 3 purple stripes on each
this flower has very distinct yellow white and purple petals with darker purple stripes.

this flower doesn't have numerous petals, just one continuous bit of white foliage. no stamens or filaments are visible.
this flower has large white petals that turn yellow the closer you get to the stigma.
this delicate white flower has petals that are white blending to cream.
this specimen has white, broad petals with yellow accents near the base, with no visible pistil or stamen.
the petals of the flower are white with a yellow detail on the inside while the sepal is green.
this flower has a fuzzy yellow ovary and a funnel-shaped petal that has uneven edges and white coloring.
this flower has white petals with ruffled ends and green lines
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
the white flower has petals that are soft and fused at sepal and starting as a narrow tube and suddenly flaring out forming a star like shape
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.

a purple flower with a budding center with light green pedicel
the flower is cup-shaped and the petals are wide and mostly purple with some white near the base of the petals.
this medium purple flower has rounded, overlapping petals, a prominent dark purple middle, yellow stamen, and a green stigma.
the petals of the flower are purple with a white inside and yellow stamen.
this flower has bright purple petals with a green colored style.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has an overlapping cupped arrangement of bright purple petals with a short green pistil and sparse yellow stamen.
this purple and white flower has rounded petals and yellow orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that are curled and skinnt.
this flower has long small red petals and no visible stigma
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
this flower has dark red sepals surrounding several large red petals with curled edges.
this red flower has bright petals, which are claw shaped above, and has darker, red petals below it and visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
this flower is red and purple in color, and has petals that are skinny and wrinkled.
this flower has darker red petals and long, thin rolled red protrusions.
this flower has spiky red petals with darker red petals below.
the flower has a red petals inside a darker receptacle with many stamen around the pollen tube

this flower has multiple layers of light orange petals that turn more yellow the higher layer they are.
the petals on this flower are orange blending to yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange with patches of yellow
this flower has multiple pale pink petals with white edges but the petals turn a pale yellow toward the center.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower's petals are stacked in a number of different rows and they are lightly colored.
the petals of the flower are a light orange color, with shades of yellow throughout the top level petals.
the pink color petals on this flower surrounds yellow petals in the center.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
sepals are green in color,petals are oval in shape
this flower has large green sepals surrounding pointed purple petals which bend slightly backwards.
the flower shown has several purple petals, and an orange anther.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower sits on a long straight pedicel and has many narrow purple petals that curl outward from the center
this flower has a prominent green receptacle underneath a single layer of purple petals in a ray configuration.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled back.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pistol is a golden yellow

these interesting petals are white and yellow and very smooth.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has five large, smooth white petals with slightly pointed tips and bright yellow centers.
this pretty little flower has yellow petals that turn white at its tips.
the flower has smooth white petals with spots of yellow towards the center
these flowers have five white petals with yellow interiors, loosely arranged that gently fold on the edges giving a pinwheel effect.
a medium white flower with 5 petals in a star shape that fade to yellow towards the center.
this flower has a bit of a star shape, white white petals that have yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this delicate flower has five petals that are white and pale yellow, and an orange center.

the flower is dark pink and has petals that are soft, smooth, thick and arranged around the bunch of stamen forming a bowl shape
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a red lotus with red corolla, pinkish green fleshy thick sepals, and yellow stamens.
this flower has bright dark pink petals oval and up with orange pistil
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are bright pink and almost red, shaded to light pink around yellow stamen.
multiple rows of bright pink with white highlighted pedals surrounding a bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of bright pink oblong petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the petals of the flower are yellow while the anthers are white and the pistil is red.
this flower has a mustardy-yellow set of petals and a red-orange inside.
the flower has yellow petals and white pollen tubes in the middle
this light plant has several light yellow flowers sprouting from it, each with four petals and very small stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color with small stamen that are white.
this flower has four small and very round orange petals with tiny red veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange spots
the petals of this flower are golden yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower features soft yellow petals with hints of red at their tips and very short stamen at it's center.
this flower has tiny white stamen surrounded by four rounded yellow overlapping petals.

the beautiful red flower has petals that are red, soft, smooth and has stamens with yellow anthers in the centre
the flower shown has bright red petals with yellow anther in the center
the petals on the flower are small and red and has small filaments
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower features layered dark red petals and many tiny yellow stamen around a dark stigma.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
a large red plant with large pedals and golden center.
this flower has many red petals and yellow stamen
a red flower with multiple layers of flat red petals with a large dark stigma at it's center and yellow stamen surrounding it's stigma.
this flower has many small red petals that are alternating, the stamen are small and black with yellow stigma around the edges.

the flower shown has purple pistil with purple and white petals
the petals of this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with white patches
these blue trumpet shaped flowers have ruffled petals and long purple stamen in the center.
this flower has pale purple and ruffle-edges petals which are large and soft.
the flower has purple petals that vary to white toward the center.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white patches

the flower shown has several pink petals, and an orange center.
this flower has a simple row of pink petals with the clumsy brown stamens at the middle
a flower with light pink petals and amber pistils in the center.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down ward.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has a ring formation of light purple oblong petals.
this flower has small pink petals with a cone-shaped pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
these large pink flowers' petals droop downward, revealing a uniformly spiky structure of dark orange, cone-like stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the flower has petals that are in layers and is pink in color with yellow anthers.
a round pink and white flower with bright yellow filaments in the middle.
this flower has multiple layers of petals, with those closest to the bottom being pink and closer to the top being white.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
this is a flower partly pink and partly white with petals arranged in successive layers
this is a pink flower with many yellow anthers and filaments.
this flower has a center clump of yellow stamen surrounded by a couple of layers of pink and white petals with rounded edges.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and layers of white petals edged in pink.
this white and pink flower has rounded petals and white stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and rounded.

the flower has curly short petals that are the color yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow with ruffled edges
the flower shown has several layers of bright yellow petals.
the flower shown has small yellow petals and green pedicel as well
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this yellow flower has many dense conical petals and green pedicel.
a flower with long petals that are yellow and bunched together.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
a flower with bright yellow petals and light green stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower is a vibrant shade of yellow with many narrow yellow petals.
this flower has several overlapping layers of very thin, fringe like yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very ruffled
this flower has long and skinny yellow petals and a group of yellow stamen on it
a fire work shaped flower with many yellow layered petals surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower has rounded layers of hairlike yellow petals which are thin and fringed.
this yellow flower has many thin petals and a round grouping of anthers in its center.
this flower has a large number of thin yellow petals that are thickly stacked together in different layers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy

the flower shown has tiny purple petals with white pistil
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
the flower has several purple petals that lay on top of each other.
the petals on this flower are purple and very frilly.
this flower has a cluster of light and dark purple petals, which are jagged around the tips.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
the flower has many purple petals that have many edges on each petal.
a purple flower with soft purple petals ruffled at their edges.
this purple flower has several large ragged petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together

this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are lavender with a long stigma
the petals are pink in color,with longer stamen and larger anthes
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl shape
this flower has pink petals, with white stamen and a dark brown pistil.
this flower has thick pink petals with white stamens and a light green pedicel.
this pink flower has rounded petals, white anthers, and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the petals on this flower are purple with a purple stamen.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have sepals that are green.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has thick pointed green petals topped with a thick purple fringe.
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen

this flower's purple petals come together into a "cup" shape, and its stamens are dusted with yellowish pollen.
the bell shaped violet flower has fused petal that is soft, smooth and enclosing stamens
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has one large purple petal with rounde edges and a stamen that is yellow and purple on the inside.
these are pretty bell-shaped purple flowers with yellow anthers and white stigma.
the large bell shaped petals are purple with it's stigma at the center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a bell shape
the flower has blue petals that curl back on the edge.

this unique flower has thick waxy red petals with bright yellow tips
the ovary of the flower is red and yellow in color and has a large green leaf.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has a bunch of red and yellow petals with a green pedicel
the flower is purple and yellow. i cannot tell if those are petals are stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
the flower has several small yellow petals that are arranged in a pedicel.
a flower with a long and pointed leaf that is green.
this flower has dull red looking petals in a long tubular formation.

the flowers have large green sepals and dotted purple petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with small purple dots
the flower shown has tube shaped pink petals with a white and pink speckled inside as its main feature.
light purple cup shaped flower with a white spotted interior.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a large group of velvet bell shaped flowers with black dots.
this flower is a lavender cupped petal with the center being white and purple spots.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has beautiful purple tubular petals with a spotted white interior.

this flower has pointy light redish, pinkish petals with pink tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and verythin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has the finger like red petals stands on a reddish sepals and has the stamens arranged in between them
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long pointed red petals, a red stamen, and a purple redish pedicel.
the long and narrow petals are a pastel red shade on top of slightly wider dirty red petals.
this flower has many irregular long red petals on a darker pedicel.

five delicate purple petals surround many stamen that are extruding from the center.
five large, thin purple petals with darker purple tiny polka dots throughout.
the flower has petals in pink color but with a lots of very small dots on it.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower had deep pinkish petals, yellow anthers and greenish-yellow filaments, and yellowish pollen tubes.
this flower has five soft and smooth pink petals with very straight edges.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen
this light purple flower has five large petals and a large white center with many stamen protruding forth.
this flower has a shallow cup-like configuration of light purple petals with dark speckles.

this flower has green sepals surrounding several layers of overlapping, pointed pink petals.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are curled inward.
the flower has pointed pink petals with dark green tips.
the flower has a large purple petal with thick green sepal
this flower has large pink petals with green tips, and no visible outer stigma
this flower has vertical layers of thick, tapered green and pink petals.
this flower has pink petals that are tipped with dark green.
this flower has large red and green petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower has tight layers of green sepals underneath nearly identically shaped layers of pink petals with green tips.

this flower has heart shaped petals that are white with a red shade in the middle with other petals being yellow with dark red spotting
pedicel are green in color,anthers are larger abd are green in color
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are white with pink patches and dark lines
the petals are round and they are pink and white in color.
this flower has petals that are white and pink and has dark lines
a white and red flower with a long stigma and some brown dots.
this flower has three white heart shaped petals with a pink spot on them and three oblong white petals with dark lines and yellow markings.
this flower has white heart shaped petals with a pink spot in the center.
this flower has white and purple and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is peach and green in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a thick yellow and green pistil surrounded by a thick, veined, pointed petal in pale pink.
the pedals of this flower are cream with a long stigma
this peach colored flower has a long stigma protruding from the center.
this flower has one pale pink petal and a green and yellow pistil.
this flower is light pink in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style
the petals is light orange and forms a bowl shape around the long green stamen.
this flower has a thick green stamen surrounded by a shiny, thick pale pink petal.
this pink flower has heart shaped petals and a green and yellow pistil.

this is a flower with pink petals that have darker pink tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with a dark green pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of white
the petals on this flower are purple with a whiting tinge.
this is a light pink flower with dark purple tips toward the end of the petals.
the flower opens from a cluster, in many rows of delicate red-tipped petals
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are darker pink at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
the flower has many oval soft petals that are white with pink points.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has protruding stamen and pollen tube surrounded by several layers of thin, fringed purple petals.
the flower shown has several wiry purple petals as its main feature and a star shaped stigma.
this flower has large purple petals, purple stamen, and a green stigma in the center
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long and wavy blue filaments and white oblong petals underneath them.
this flower has long, thin, wavy purple petals coming off of a light colored pistil, with multiple stamen coming off of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
this is a purple flower with very think and curvy petals and a star-shaped pistil.
this flower has long purple petals and a prominent pistil.

the flower shown has several red petals and red anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has a large yellow pistil surrounded by wide and ruffled red petals with rounded shapes.
this flamboyant flower is composed of round, scarlet petals that ruffle around a bright yellow center. the yellow filament are topped with red anther.
this flower has petals that are red and has an yellow center
the petals of this flower are dark red, yellow pistil, and have a short green pedicel
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this red and yellow flower has rounded petals and yellow and red stamen.
these petals are loose, wrinkled and red, with white tinging on the inside edge.

the flower is bell shaped and has petals that are red with single layer and a enclosing the stamen
the petals on this flower are are red in color with large veins.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are facing downward.
this flower droops down and has a few very large red petals.
this flower has red petals and a green pistil as its main features
a red flower with vein ridden red petals and a cluster of short stamen at it's center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style
this flower has a prominent, rounded pistil surrounded by orange petals that are deeply veined and with mostly flat edges.
this particular flower has petals that are red and yellow
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are ruffled.

this flower has small pink petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen and many layers
the flower grows on a life and the petals are purple and pink.
a pink and yellow star shaped flower with layered petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals of pink and darker pink radiating outwards from a yellow center.
the petals of the flowers are shaped like triangles and are pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center of layers of pale pink petals.
the pointed petals vary from light pink to bright magenta.

flower has petals that are dark orange with golden stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with pointy tips
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have green leaves.
this particular flower has petals that are long and pointed with red and yellow
this flower has vertical layers of shiny and very thick, pointed red petals.
this coral flower has several rings of petals which are arrayed about its center.
this flower has thick, red petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has firm, bright red pointed petals, firm green leaves, and yellow anther filaments.

this flower has petals that are pink wit yellow stamen
the flowers has a set of petals that seems to be one piece but could be made up of several smaller pieces.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has pink trumpet like petals with dark veins and a deep throat where reproductive structures are barely visible.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has bright magenta petals, a light greenish yellow stamen and white ovule.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
a flower with big purple petals and small yellow stamen.
the pink petals have dark pink veins and encircle small, yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are only white near the center.

the flower so beautiful and has petals that are white soft, smooth and separately arranged forming a disc like shape
the stigma is non traditional, with small branches extending from it. there are five white petals.
this flower has thin white petals as its main feature.
this flower has small white petals with pink pistil as its main features
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has a prominent pink pistil and five smooth white petals.
this flower's petals are white colored and are wide and round.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink style
this is a white flower with five petals and a pink pistil.

the petals on this flower are big and white and have ruffles on the edges
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
large white petals with wrinkly texture and many large yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has large white petals that spread flat around a pom-pom shaped yellow stamen.
this white flower has rounded petals, yellow stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the flowers have bright white petals with yellow stamen and pistils.

there are many yellow stamen clustered on orange petals.
pedicela re white in color,petals are orange in color and are oval in shape
the petals on this flower are orange with yellow stamen.
the orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around clustered stamens
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has brownish orange color petals with a fuzzy stamen in the center.
this flower has yellow-orange stamen and anther filaments, a black ovule and orange petals.
this particular flower has petals that are long and pointy with red
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has rust color petals, and the center is a hay coloured.

a flower with an open conical red petal and white anther supported by red filaments
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curled back at the edges.
this flower has petals that are red with green stigma
this flower is a beauty with light red leaves in an equal circle.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
this flower has small orange petals and small white stamens.
this flower has a white pistil surrounded by bright red petals.
the petals of the flower formulate a cup like shape, and the stamens are a dark green color
the petals on this flower are orange and the pedicel is short and green

many distinct stamen surrounded by several rows of pink round petals.
this layered pink fluttery flower has lots of yellow stamen.
the flower shown has very smooth pink petals and yellow anther
this flower is deep purple with a lot of petals, and a yellow center.
wispy fushia pink flowers layered upon each other to form a full flower, with a multitude of yellow stamens.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this is a medium sized pink flower, with numerous pedals, and a bushy stamen area.
this flower has multiple rows of pink petals with a group of thin yellow stamen at its center.
this hot pink flower has many yellow stamen.

the flower shown has white petals as well as yellowish color inside
the flower is light yellow in color and has five petals that are curved in shape.
clusters of five pale yellow petals gradually getting darker to an orange center.
this is a yellowish white flower with wide petals in a spiral.
this flower is pale yellow and has five petals in the shape of a wind mill.
this flower has five thin and very smooth white and yellow petals.
this flower has very smoothly surfaced petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
pale yellow pastel swirled petals with deeper yellow centers and a tiny button stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and in a pinwheel shape

this flower has small purple petals with ridges and yellow coloring on the inside
the flower shown has lavender petals as its main feature.
th eouter petals are light purple in color,iner petals are spoted pink and yellow in color
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower includes several light purple petals on the outside with three thin and three thick petals, the lower of which is white with purple and yellow portions all on a green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has light purple petals, with a white pistil in the center.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow and white patches
this flower has outer petals that are lavender along with one petal that is a mixer of purple and white.

this flower has petals that are yellow and pink with red patches
the flower has fully blossomed with its petals being yellow.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
four pale yellow large petals surrounding pink and peach tooth edged petals with a red pistil in their center.
this flower has different colors and shapes of petals and a few pistils.
this flower has large petals that are peach and pink colored with slightly jagged edges.
the flower has soft wavy round petals that are orange, red, and pink.
the petals on this flower are off white and almost brown and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower has large round petals, some of which are orange some of which are red.

this flower has a long and thin pink petal and a lot of red stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this large pink flower has many overlapping long pointy pink petals and many tiny orange anthers in the middle of it.
this flower has many pink petals surrounding pink and white anther in the center
this flower has a wide pink center surrounded by several layers of long, slightly tapered pink petals,
this flower has two simple rows of pink petals, a deep red ovule, and light pink filaments.
this flower has a lot of long oval-looking pink petals.
this particular flower has petals that are long and thin with dark pink on it
this flower has a wide pink center and layers of long thin pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped and curled.
this bright red tinted flower has very large red pointed petals.
this deep pink almost red flower has multiple tube shaped petals and white filaments.
this flower has long, tubular red petals with protruding white pistils.
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has a dome-like arrangement of bright pink petals that are thin and spiky.
deep pink amoeba finger-like tubular petals jutting out from the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has pink petals that turn downwards and an orange center.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this is a large flower with pink petals and red stigma.
this flower has a rounded brown center surrounded by down turned pink petals which are long with slightly tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen
this particular flower has petals that are long and dark pink with a red center
this flower has a single ring of pink petals that are long in shape with slightly notched top ends.
this flower has a round red center and down-turned pink petals.
this flower has burnt orange filaments and long, pinkish purple petals.

the flower has long purple petals that are wilted and dotted.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
purple with white and black dots
this flower has light purple petals that form downward facing bells with brown and white spots on the interiors.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals with dark spots and green sepal.
this flower has bright purple bell shaped petals with dark purple and white spots on their interior.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
the large purple bell shaped petals have black and white spots on the insides.
this flower has multiple tubular blossoms facing down have a light purple exterior and some dark purple and white leopard spots in the middle.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark dots

multiple long pink petals that point upward hiding the pistil.
this flower has magenta oval shaped petals that reach upwards and hide the ovule from sight.
this brightly colored pink flower has no visible stigma or stamen and has petals that radiate out at all angles.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with many layers
this flower has pink petals that are folded upwards and pointy
a purple flower with alternating green and the leaves are big and the sepals are green
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has layers of upturned pink petals with tapered tips.

the flower has five purple petals with white stigma, pollen tube, and style.
this dark purple flower has some dark pink with white inside.
the large flower has a bright purple petal with a white inner stigma.
the flower is big and has petals that are fused as one and the petals are violet in color but for the regions near the centre which are white
this is a purple and pink flower with large petals and a white center.
this flower is characterized by its dark purple petals, light red projections that fall on top of the petals and a white pistil.
this flower has a funnel-like shape, bright purple petals with a white center and short white pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the flower's purple petals are lined with pink rays, and it has a white stigma and pistil.

the flower has pink petals and the center of it is yellow.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and thin with yellow center
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by layers of long pink petals with rounded edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has a yellow disk surrounded by a ring of thin pink petals arranged in a couple of layers.
this flower has layers of pink petals which are long and thin.
this flower has a cluster of pink petals with yellow stamen in the center surrounded by green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are orange with many yellow stamen.
the flower is orange and has sepals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around clustered stamens
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have a center made of yellow anthers.
the flower has nine orange petals surrounding gold colored stamen, and pistil.
this flower has thick yellow center stamen and wide red-orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has orange veined petals and a ball of yellow anthers in the center.
this flower has small oblong petals arranged in a ring formation.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with red lines
light purple pedals with white purple metal light green leaves
petals are rounded imn shape,they are light pink in color
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this pink flower has rounded petals and pink stamen and anthers.
this flower has five petals of various shades of soft pink, with a pale pink stigma.
this flower has a wheel-shaped arrangement of pink petals with prominent ribbing.
this flower has five wide pink petals with darker pink vertical striations.

this flower has petals in the shape of butterflies and are purple
this flower has a few amount of petals that are a very dark shade of purple.
this flower has the butterfly shaped purple petals on the purplish green sepals
this flower has petals that are purple and very flat
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has purple pedicels as well as dark purple petals that have smooth edges.
this flower has several large wide petals in shades of dark plum.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker in some spots.
these flowers have small burgundy petals attached to green pedicels.
this flower has petals that arepurple and are folded together

this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the ovule.
this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow
this flower has reddish-orange petals, green sepal, and green pedicel.
this is a closed flower with yellowish pink petals on the outside
the rose is in a button, with some petals open to the side.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has red and yellow petals that fold together rupwards
this is a yellow and orange flower with upward pointing petals.
this flower has reddish-orange petals and a dark green pedicel.

the petals are round and are pink in color with white details and have green details.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are white in the center.
this is a pink flat looking flower with petals seamlessly joined together and gets white in the center
this flower has petals that are light purple with dark purple along the side edges and white at the base that give the flower a circular appearance.
the petals on this flower are purple with white centers
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink lines
this flower has a large, rounded funnel-shaped petal that is light pink with brighter stripes.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
the petals of the flower are a light purple, with pink stripes throughout.
this purple flower is characterized by its light purple petals and light green pistil at the center.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled downward.
this flower has petals that are drooping and burgundy with pink spots.
the flower has dark red petals with a dark red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
the flower shown has drooping purple petals with a purple pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
the petals of this flower are grape purple and so is it's pedicel
this flower has pinkish purple petals with lighter pink spots cupped downward.
this flower has a downward bell shape with plum and maroon spots on the petals.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are curled down ward.

this has colorful petals that are bright pink at the base and the center but turn bright yellow at the far end.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower has multiple rows of oval shaped petals that are coral red towards their bases and have bright yellow tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
the petals are yellow and red and the pistill is orange and red.
the flower has many pink petals with yellow tips, it has red stamen.
this flower has petals with yellow tips and a red body that form a disk arrangement.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are orange with a big yellow stigma
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has a prominent orange and yellow pistil surrounded by five large orange petals with rounded edges.
this beautiful has a orangish color with green petals
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this is a pink flower with a prominent pistil with yellow stamens.
a red large flower and a long stigma that is yellow.
this red flower has pointed petals and a red stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape with veins.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma

this flower has faded pink petals that are green at their pointed tips.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are green on the tips.
a purple and white flower with green tips on the petals and a thick green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green tips while the leaves are green.
the flower shown has pink petals with light green sepal
this flower has petals that are pink and has green tips
a flower with pink petals with green tips at the top of the plant, with green sepals which contain a white and purple petal.
this flower has vertical layers of upturned pink petals with green tips.
a flower with long and wide petal that is pink with green tip.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are green on the tips.

this flower has purple sepal and white pistil as its main features
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
this flower has the row of blue petals and a row of string like structures with the prominent white stamens at the middle
this flower has large purple petals under a fringe of long thin purple hairs.
purple sepal surround the large yellow pollen tubes on this flower.
a flower with long and narrow petals that round at the top.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has light blue petals with long and flat purple filaments with curvy ends.
this flower has light blue petals with long and flat purple filaments with curvy ends.

the petals on this flower are thin and white and the pistil is round and orange
a beautiful yellow and white flower with a large cluster of yellow stamen surrounded by multiple layers of white petals.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
a flower with many snow white soft light thin oblong petals surrounding a bright golden yellow honeycomb big circular dome of filaments with small pointed green leaf base.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and layered.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the flower has many thin long oval white petals and yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
pedicel is green in color,petals are oval in shape,they are light pink in color
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow bases.
this pink and white flower has many overlapping petals arranged in vertical rows atop a longish pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has patches of yellow
this flower has upturned layers of pale pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink with a point.

a flower with dotted purple, white and pink petals, green sepals, and mottled green pedicel
this flower has petals that are white with spots of purple
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has white and purple pedicel as well as purple petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has long, lavender petals with purple spots and an elaborate pistil in the same pattern.
this white and purple flower has purple spots all over the petals, the stem is purplish green.
this flower has white and purple petals and a furry green pedicel
a flower with petals that are light purple with dark purple spots and a yellow spot near the bottom of the petals.

the flower has petals that are fused near the sepal and forming a star shaped tube that is suddenly opening and forming separated petals that are pink and gradually turning reddish towards their edges
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
five brightly colored petals surround a slightly tubular throat.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with pink centers and white pedicel.
this flower has petals that are ppink and has a white center
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
the flower has bright pink and white petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has wide pale pink petals with ruffled fuchsia edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has deep red petals that almost look as if they are connected like one big petal.
large red petals that are interconnected (with no spacing in-between) and lack of protruding pistil (though yellow in color).
the flower has a large red petal with a green pedicel
this round flower has one soft petal design of bright red, which curls slightly at the edges.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are all connected.
this flower has a large red petal with curved edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has trumpet shape and is bright red with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a green stigma
this flower has soft and delicate ruffled red petals which curl backwards.
this flower has a large red blossom with red petals and a few white markings along with white stamen.

this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
nestled in the long oblong leaves, this bloom features tiny spiky variegated purple petals, white sepals, and a large yellow pistil.
long round tipped white petals surround a purple circle of long spiky petals with a prominent yellow pistil
this flower has large green stamen and pollen tube, and fringed purple hairlike petals, surrounded by longer white and purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower has white petals and a lot of blue stamen coming out
this purple, blue and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower is white, purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has purple stamen
this flower has very thin, purple petals with large white sepals and a large, yellow pistil.
this flower has large green petals below needle shaped lavender white and maroon petals.

this flower petals is orangish with red berries on the vines
the flower has red petals that are overlapped in the plant.
dark red pedals orange red middle dark green leaves
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has a ring of bright red petals that are smooth in texture and oblong in shape.
a beautiful flower with bright red petals and an orange stamen
this flower has red petals in 2 rows, orange-yellow stamen and dark red ovule.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with many brown stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
the flower has pink petals with a dark pink stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
the long pink petals surround a cluster of brown and red stamen.
the light pink flower has long petals and a fuzzy orange center.
this flower has long light purple petals arranged in a ring.

the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
this flower has a purple pedicel with smooth white petals as its main features
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are wavy,.
this flower has petals that are white with pink style
this flower is bright pink with its petals standing upwards.
this flower has petals that are white and are bent upwards
a white flower with green petals and a long brown stamen.
this flower has wide and very smooth petals in shades of white and pale pink.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has long, round ended petals that are mainly an off white color, but has no visible stamen.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has purple petals with a green stigma and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
this flower has long white petals and long purple stamen in the middle
the color of the flowers is purple and the stigma can be seen.
this flower has white petals arranged in a circular shape with purple stamen in the center and green stigma.
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in single disc of layer below the disc of stamen
this pale purple flower has light purple petals with a dark purple stamen that wraps all the way around the flower and a green pollen tube and stamen.
the flower has one row of very light purple petals with a row of thin dark purple petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen

the flower has yellow petals with orange mixed in the middle near the stigma
this small yellow flower has petals that are mostly yellow with small orange markings near the bottom of the petal.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are small and rounded.
the yellow flower is seated one another and the red in the middle and there is a black round looking so pretty
these flat yellow flowers have rounded petals with orange centers.
there are smooth petals, which are mostly yellow with small areas of orange near the center of the flower.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with multi colored petals.
a cluster of golden yellow flowers with a dark tan center.
a yellow flower with a red center and small yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals with orange dots in the center

this flower has green and purple spiky looking petals with a lot of pointy purple stamen in the middle.
this flower houses a special set of erect, purple stamen covering most of its core and dense, green-purple petals.
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the flower has a green pedicel and a lot of purple anther and filaments
this plant has distinctive thick sepal that form in a plush triangle in several layers on top of which the purple bloom is exposed, consisting of many light purple, slender, blade-like petals, and a yellow center stamen circle.
this flower has petals that are green and has purpley stringy stamen
this flower has thick green and pink sepals with lots of thin purple petals.
this flower has layers of thick pointed green leaves topped with purple fringe.
this flower has dark red petals that are rough and thick, with light blue stamen in the center.
this flower has a large, prominent lavender colored pistil and a pale green stem.

this flower has petals that lavender with purple filaments and green anther.
the petals of this flower are white and purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with string purple stamen
a flower with large waxy pink sepals, small thin purple and white petals, and huge green anther
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a bottom layers of flat, wide white petals with pink edges and a top layer of spiked, purple and white petals.
the flower has purple pointy petals with green stamen radiating from it.
the petals of this flower are pink and purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has large purple petals and a light green pistil.

two pink flowers bursting open with erect stamen and dark maroon sepals.
the pedicle is a reddish pink hue with attached light pink petals and a long pink filament attached to light greyish pink anthers.
a pink lily type of flower with six slender and long petals, thick pink/green pedicel and long pink stamens with green anther.
this flower features purple long ribbon like petals surrounding thin very long stamens.
the flower shown has purple petals along with purple anther and filament
the flower is thin and a bright purple color it also looks limp
this flower has long and curly pink petals along with long and straight pink stamens.
this flower has thin and pink petals that fold upwards
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are skinny and curled.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light pink.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has large and red petals and small yellow anthers in the center
the flower shown has pink petals with white shading and yellow stamen
this flower has five conjoined red petals with flat, slightly tapered edges.
leaves are green,flowers are pink in color and the anthers are larger and white in color
these flowers have very pink petals that are rounded at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
the flower has red petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape with yellowish orange stamen peeking at the centre
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has salmon colored petals, a magenta ovule, and bright green leaves.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow center
a large circular red pedaled flower with a yellow center.
the petals of the flower are bright red and nearing the middle, the stamen is pure yellow.
this flower has purple petals with a green pistil as its main features
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
a flower with petals that are dark red with yellow center.
this flower has many red petals as well as a yellow section in the middle.
this flower has red petals with yellow at the center of them
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this bright red flower has pronged petals, with pale yellow anther.

this flower has wide, large petals in shades of pale purple.
the flower has a lager stigma that is white in colo and hangs outside
this purple flower has five ruffled, fan shaped petals and small white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin and ruffled.
a flower with lavender petals and a small stigma in the middle.
this flower has purple petals and a yellow orange center.
this flower has wide and slightly overlapping pale purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this flower has thin white pistil surrounded by overlapping rounded light purple petals.

the leaves are green purple in color,the stamens are many and purple in color
this flower has petals that are purple with very stringy stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed and curled up.
this flower has a lot of purple stamen in the middle of a brown center
the flower is composed of thin, stringy petals that are purple in color.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has dark purple pointed petals growing upward with a puff of light purple stamen on top.
a large white flower with a grayish base on bottom.
this flower has a large number of very thin spiky purple petals and thick spiky sepals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen

these white flowers are somewhat bell shaped with a noticeable pink and yellow inside, and petals branch off below it into oval shapes.
this flower has white petals with a yellow pistil on the inside.
this flower has small white petals and no visible outer stigma on it
the flower has large white petals that are curved with pink tips.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellowpatch
there are ruffled white pedals with a slight shade of purple at their base.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the white petals are ruffled on the edges and the sepals are bright green.
this flower has white oblong shaped petals with a crown-like petal at its center.

the tropical flower has sharp pointed blooms and has petals that are yellow in color.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this is a strange flower with orange long,skinny petals.
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and pointed.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
a bird shaped flower with long orange petals leaning to the right.
this flower has bright orange petals extruding out at an odd angle.
this flower has petals that are orange and has pointy tips
this flower has tiny and pointy orange petals with sharp looking filament.
this flower is orange, green, and blue in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has yellow petals and long white stamen on it
this flower has orange petals with pistils that appear white in color.
this flower consists of four orange petals with red streaks and yellow stamen.
a cluster of flowers with orange petals accompanied by grayish pistils and anther filaments.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the plant has yellow orange petals with red-orange veins along with protruding stigmas.
the petals of this flower are a sinset yellow with splashes of orange throughout them.
the papery yellow-orange petals surround delicate greenish anthers and filaments
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has six pointed light purple petals with a stamen that is white and starburst shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and pink with white stamen
this flower has six large petals with pointed tips in a shade of very pale purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
there are many white colored stamen and larger petals
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has wife petals with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has long white petals with a purple tint and white filaments.
this pale purple flower has six outer football shaped petals with a medium purple center and a white pistil with many stamens and protruding stigma.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

four petaled, pink with blue pistil.
this flower has large pink petals and a blue anther in the center of it
this flower has petals that are pink with small stamen
a flower with red petals and central cluster of purple stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the petals of this flower are a bright pink color and the pedicel is green
this flower has red petals, purple center and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a bell shape
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this trumpet-shaped flower has solid-colored magenta petals that flare open.

this flower has shiny red petals, black filaments, and a brown pistil.
the large orange petals of this flower are around a large pistil of black filaments and anthers.
a red flower with tiny black filament and anther in side the large petals.
this flower has petals that are red with black and white stamen.
this flower is red, black, and white in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
this flower has very large orange petals that overlap each other and small black stamen.
this flower has deep red petals as well as black stamen.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has a black fluffy center surrounded by wide red petals.

this flower has thick rounded pale pink and white petals with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with a yellow center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of thick, very smooth pink petals.
the pink petals are pointed at the tips and surround a cluster of bright golden colored stamens.
this flower has bright pink petals and a yellow, cone shaped stamen.
bright pink cup shaped petals surrounding a tall yellow stigma.

the flowers has petals that are blue with blue stigma.
the flower is big and blue that has star shaped petals with pointy tips
this flower has triangular indigo petals that have deep blue veins running through them, with a singular yellow pollen tube.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower is pale violet, star shaped, with a protruding pollen tube.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a star shape and is pale blue with brighter blue veins.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has blue petals that have dark lines on them
a flower with a petal that many points and bright blue.

this flower has large white flowers and a large yellow stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are white with a yellow stigma.
this flower has thick central yellow stamen surrounded by upturned white petals.
this flower has white petals with long and yellow stamen
this flower has six grey blue petals that form a cup around a yellow pistil.
a blue flower with yellow filament and anther and the leaves are green and thin
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has several large overlapping petals of yellow with large orange accents.
the flower has long petals that are yellow with orange spots.
this flower has large yellow petals with orange spots and an orange stigma on it
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange blotches
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted yellow and orange in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has large yellow petals with irregular orange markings on them.
a bright yellow and orange petaled flower with a short yellow stigma.

the flower is violet with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and only one petals is yellow with violet stripes in it
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow patches and black lines
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the flower has purple petals with a yellow stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals and green pedicel as its main features
this flower has small round purple petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow patche
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has smooth petals with a rounded shape that are purple in color.
this white, purple, and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.

the pedals on this blossom protrude out of a thick pedicel and are bright yellow.
this flower has long and pointed yellow petals and no visible outer stamen
the pedals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this peculiar flower has the look of humminbirds feeding off of it.
the tropical flower has petals that are yellow and blue in color and stems that are sharp.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of orange petals that are tall and sharply pointed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.

this flower has long yellow petals and a lot of brown anthers
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
it has slightly spread apart yellow, smooth, thin pedals, with dark to light purple stamens.
this is a flower with yellowish orange petals and dark anther filaments in the center.
this flower has petals which are yellow in the shape of a circle and a black stamen
this flower has elongated and rounded yellow petals with brown stubby stamen.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a blue stamen.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are very skinny and oval shaped.
the yellow, elongated petals fan out from the black pistil and stamen.
this flower is characterized by its sparsely placed bright yellow petals, and circular, black pistil at the center.

the numerous, pointed petals are small and bright yellow in color while the stamen and stigma are brown and occupy a large portion of the flower.
this flower has a lot of long yellow petals and a lot of brown anthers
the flower has small yellow petals that are long and a brown stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has yellow petals that has many brown stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
pointy yellow petals surround the brown and yellow tipped stamen center.
this flower has a wide center surrounded by layers of thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.

this is a lovely yellow flower, that resembles a daisy.
the flower is white and so many petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged in different layers around the stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has rounded bulbs in its center surrounded by layers of very thin fringe like yellow petals.
this flower has yellow-orange stamen, and narrow rows of yellow petals.
the flower has thin yellow petals and yellow stamen and pistils.
this flower has a round yellow center and a fringe of thin yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

yellow and pink long petals with pink filament and large stigma.
the flower has peach and white petals surrounding the yellow anther in the middle
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has long orange petals and a center full of yellow anthers
this flower is peach and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has dark orange petals with light yellow towards the edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink ans has yellow stamen
this daisy looking flower has lovely yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has multiple rows of skinny oblong petals that are pink and yellow.

the flower has folded red petals that are curved and round shaped.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
a spiral shaped flower with large red petals with white tipped stamen at it's center.
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
the petals are large, angular, and red in color, the stamen is light and very visible.
a flower with long and wide petals that are a bright orange.
this bright flower has red petals that form a funnel type of blossom with red stamens in the middle.
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has red peals with folded edges and small white stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
long pale pink curly petals surrounding very long pink stamen with bulbous anther.
this plant has very long pedicels and spider like pink flowers with long stamen at the top.
five lilac colored, wrinkled petals that surround several long hair-like stamen of the same color.
the petals of this flower are long and light pink with pink filament.
this flower has long and skinny stamen and light pink petals with curled ends.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the curved petals of the flower are a light pink color, with shades of white throughout the petals.
this pink flower has long petals that are skinny and rectangular in shape that surround long pink filaments topped with brown-green colored antenna.

the flower is made up of multiple pollen tubes, followed by round, pointed brown petals.
this flower is brown in color, with petals that have veins.
the leaves are light brown and veiny and are centered around three long pistil.
yellow flower with the petals and 3 small star shaped flowers in the center.
the flowers has petals that are tan colored with tan or white stigma.
a large tan flower with large with stigmas in center.
this flower has pale orange leaves with veins surrounding tiny white blossoms.
this orange and green flower has rounded petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has flowery stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are light brown colored.

this flower has large red petals and white stigma in the middle of it
the petals of the flower are red in color and are attached to a vine.
a small orange flower with rounded petals and a small pollen tube in the center.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled outward.
this flower has a trumpet-shaped petal that is smooth and pink in color.
a red small bell group flowers with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
the flower has a round red petal with a red pollen tube in the center.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.

the middle of the flower is made of purple filaments while the petals are white in color.
there are overlapping small white petals with dark purple filaments.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower has white petals and the stamen are bright purple.
the flower has white petals and the stamen is purple
this white flower has pointed petals, purple stamen and black sepals.
this flower is white and blue in color, with layered petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen
this flower is made up of hundreds of purple needle like petals standing straight up.
this flower has short white petals with a wide center full of thin blue filaments.

this flower has petals that are pink with shades of white
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has pink and white petals that look like spoons.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped
this flower has several overlapping layers of upturned pink and white petals which are wide with slightly pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of white
there are light pink, tear drop shaped petals, in multiple rows on this flower
this flower has many pink almond shaped petals that bloom in a shape very similar to a pine cone.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pink on the tips.
this flower has semi transparent pink and white petals facing upwards and coming to points at the tips.

this flower has dark red petals with somewhat of a ragged edge to them.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
the petals are maroon and willoy and there is no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has wavy dark red petals sitting atop of short, dark green sepals.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
this flower has dark brown stems holding very soft maroon petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
pdicel is green in color,petals are lime white in color
the inverted flower is bell shaped and has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pedicel
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
drooping pedicel supports medium sized oval pedals with green circular cellled pattern.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is huge and green
this flower has white petals with light green veins and a downward facing blossom.

a flower with it's red petals forming a cone around it's white stigma.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen
this flower has white pistil and pink petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are peach with a long stigma
some flowers that has light orange pedals and a white stigma.
a flower with long petals that curl outwards and are orange.
the peach petals on this flower surround a white pistil in the center.
this flower has brightly colored petals that seem to form a funnel.
this flower has red petals and has yellow shading in the center

the flower is made of spiky triangular branches that are pink in color.
the flower has many spiky red petals and green near the ovary.
long, narrow light pink petals are sparsely spaced around pink and white stamen and pistil.
sharp looking petals surrounding long white stamen, with green sepals.
this is a large flower head with clusters of pink petals which are surrounded by darker pink petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
the petals of this flower are a darker red and very pointy with white filament with green at the bottom of the pistil
this flower has white stamen, green anther filaments and coral petals.
this flower has a large center of lightly colored stamen with sharply pointed petals.

the flower has petals of a white color with pink undertones.
the flowers are light pink with dark pink bases and are on long wooden stalks.
the pretty flower has long white petal with purple at their tips.
the petals are white and purple with a dark brown pedicel.
these heart shaped flowers are white with a purple tint at the end of the pedal.
these flowers have white petals attached to thin brown pedicels.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has white petals with magenta at the base of each petal.
this flower has large white petals and a purple center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals are white but have brown spots and a tint of green towards the center.
the bowl shaped light green flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thick and enclosing stamens in the centre
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigma and purple dots
a flower with white petals and the pistils are white, the leaves are green
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has wide overlapping petals which are white and pale purple, with red center dots.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has white petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has large coral red petals with a long stamen and numerous red and yellow anthers.
the flower shown has large red petals with pink and yellow pistils
this flower has petals that are shiny and red.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
this flower has very large and wavy petals that are bright pink towards the crimson spectrum, and the style and filaments are the same color with yellow anthers.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green
this flower has yellow stamen, red anther filaments and broad red petals.

a yellow flower with tiny petals surrounding a green and black stigma.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen
the flower has yellow petals that are in around shape.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have curled edges.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
this yellow flower looks like a big ball and consists of numerous small yellow flowers.
this flower has a rounded mass of tiny yellow ruffled petals.
this flower has yellow petals that are all ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
large round yellow and orange poofs made out of hundreds of petals.

this flower has wide overlapping yellow petals with rounded, slightly ruffled edges.
the flower has large yellow petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower has a few large petals that are a bright yellow and become more orange towards the base of each petal.
the leaves are green and brod, the petals are alternatly shapd and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has a wheel-like arrangement of bright yellow petals that are placed in an overlapping fashion.
the yellow flower is so big and has petals that are soft, smooth and has stamen that are sticking out from the centre
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
the petals on this flower are mostly dark yellow, and orange is the color of the stamen.

