the petals are yellow and orange and layered and centered around a clump of stamen.
this flower has orange and yellow petals and brown stamen.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
the flower shown has small peach and yellow petals with red pistil in the center
these flowers have overlapping yellow and orange petals attached to green leaves.
this flower has many layers of oblong petals that are small and yellow and pink in color.
this flower has a dense set of light orange petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
yellow and peach petals form a round spherical poof and yellow stamen poke out of the center of this flower.

white wide ovary with a purple flower in the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has five pointed white sepals and a trumpet shaped center that is purple with some darker veins.
the flower is made of light purple blooms with individual white petals and green leaves.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with a green pedicel
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this flower has white spaced petals with a lavender stamen in the center of it.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower has long and slightly curled white petals and a smooth purple mouth with ruffled edges.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower has a pink petal with a green pedicel and pink pollen tubes
the flower has thin petals that are pink in color with pink filaments.
the petals are long and curved that expose the long filaments of the stamen.
the flower stamen are long and pin k in color with larger anthers
this flower has pink petals and that are thin and folded downward
this flower has purple petals and is trumpet-shaped.
this delicate lavender flower has many long curved petals and lavender tall stamens.
a purplish pink flower has long style with anthers on the top of it
this flower has skinny pink petals with curly edges and tall pink stamen.

the flower shown has green pedicel and sepal with white petals
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the flowers have curved petals that are white and green as well.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this is a white flower with yellow ovary and stamen.
large, white, bell shaped petals with white anthers and green sepals and pedicel.
this flower has conjoined white petals with ruffled edges and pale green veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.
the trumpet shaped white flower has fused petals that are supported by green sepals

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a center made of yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with ark pink center and yellow stamen.
this deep pink scalloped edge flower has a yellow center stamen with a touch of deep burgundy around it's outer edges.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this pretty pink flower has long scalloped petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
a flower with twisted white and yellow petals and no visible stigma
this flower has a single layer of swirled petals that are white towards the edges and yellow in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
pinwheel shaped petals start with a bright yellow in the center and then change to white towards the outside of the petal.
these flowers have white petals with a yellow middle with a deep orange base.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white and yellow petals shaped like a egg.

this light purple flower has petals shaped like a bell that extend from the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this bell shaped pink flower has a wide mouth surrounded by the curled round edges of conjoined petals.
these flowers are purple in color and their petals form a tube shape around the pistil.
this flower has a wide pink trumpet shape with rounded curling petals at its mouth.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
a flower with long and curly petals that are pink with spots.
the petals on this flower are mostly pink, but white is the color of the stamen.
this flower has many small bell shaped petals that are purple in color.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged in different layers forming disc like shape
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
the pedicel is thick in size and the flowers have opened up.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple shading
this flower has thick light pink petals and a dark green pedicel.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has multiple layers
this flower has layers of large, wide petals which are bright pink at the edge and paler in the center.
this flower is pikn in color, and has petals that are wavy and oval shaped.

a flower with light orange petals and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has peach petals with white and red bases with a long yellow pistil coming out of the ovule.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red and white centers.
this flower has a large yellow petal and a long yellow stigma
this flower is orange, white, and red in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower is trumpet shaped with frilly orange petals and a white and red throat.
this flower has five ruffled peach-colored petals and a center of white and bright red.
this flower is orange, white, and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a red center
a flower with long and wide petals that are orange with white and red center.

this flower has petals that are purple with dark patch
pedicel is green in color,petals are light pink in color
the petals of this flower are pink with a small stigma
this is a small flower with purple petals with dark purple at the bottom.
a flower with purple petals and a green pedicil and no visible pistil sticking out.
this flower has very smooth pale pink petals which bend backwards from the center.
a flower with light pink petals and green leaves.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are short and stubby.
this lavender colored flower has multiple flowers at the top of the stem. the filaments and anthers are also a lavender color.
the flower is formed with small petals that have stamens in the center.
this large puffball shaped flower has purple petals in small clusters
a ball of smaller pink flowers with long, protruding, pink stamens
a pink flower with the pink anther, filament and green pedicel
the flower has several dozen individual trumpet shaped petals that form a purple puff ball shape.
this light purple flower has many small petals and has small darker purple stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has pink petals with a few bits of yellow on them

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower is rose shaped with fluffy overlapping yellow petals.
this flower has layers of light yellow petals, from which protrudes a textured pistil of the same color.
this flower has large ruffled petals in a shade of pale yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow with ruffled edges
this flower has scalloped yellow petals covering powdery yellow stamens
this flower has broad yellow petals that are curved at the top, and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled at the edges
this yellow flower has many thin petals that curl at the edges.
this delicate flower has long wavy pedals and a soft fluffy stigma.

the petals of the flower are purple and white with a light yellow center.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the cetner.
this flower has petals that are purple with white and yellow patches
this flower has two purple pedals, four white pedals and white stamen.
the flower has purple petals that are also white colored as well.
the flower has dark purple upper petals and light purple and whit lower petals with a yellow center.
this purple, white, and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower is white, yellow, and purple in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has white and purple petals with dark purple stripes on the white petals.

a pink and white flower with a wide set of petals
three part flower with six pink petals and stamen with pink filaments and yellow anthers.
the flower has very large red petals with white on the inside and yellow stamen
this flower has pink and white petals with a green colored pedecil.
a flower with long stamen and large petals colored pink and white.
there are pedals with a white base fading into pinkish red. the stamen are a similar pink and white.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
this flower has rounded red petals with white veins, pink and yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
this flower has layers of white petals with deep pink designs and edges.

this flower has large white petals and no stigma in the center of it
the flowers have large pinwheel petals that are yellow and white.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow center with green leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five wide, very smooth white petals with yellow centers.
these flowers have petals that transition quickly from yellow in the center to white at the edges.
this flower has smooth white petals with yellow centers.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled over the center.
the flower has bright yellow soft petals with yellow stamens.
this flower has large yellow petals and is bulbous in shape. its stamen are a darker yellow color.
this is a circular or dome shaped bright yellow flower with large petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and closed together
this is a yellow flower with large overlapping petals that curve inward.
this flower has large yellow petals with a rounded shape that are folded tightly over each other.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and curled around the center.
this flower has yellow petals protruding from a green leafy bush.

this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this vivid orange flower has spiraling layers of smooth petals with rounded edges.
levaes are green in color,petals are orange in color with green sepals
the flower shown has layers of light orange petals that turn upwards.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
a flower with long and wide petals that is pink.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has pointed green sepals and peach colored petals that are tightly layered.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
the pinkish orange petals overlap each other wrapping around the stamen.

the pedals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has long pink petals and no visible outer stamen on it
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
a flower with pink petals and no visible pistils shown.
this flower has petals which are very smooth and pink with think green pedicel
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the pink flower has a green pedicel and an ovule that has hints of green and yellow.
this is a pink flower with petals that curve upward.

this flower has many long white petals coming out of the ovule, with stamen that are pink at the stem and that have white clusters at the tips.
this flower has a long light purple leaf and white anthers on a purple stamen
this flower has elaborate stamen with white anthers surrounded by white petals which are slightly pointed.
this pale pink flower has a single row of slender petals, and an inner row of stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has thin white petals with long pink stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
a broad white flower with thing white petals surrounding purple and white stamen at it's center.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
this flower has long thin white petals with slightly pointed tips and purple filaments with white anthers.

this yellow flower looks like a bowl since its petals are slightly bending forward.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow steman
this flower has white petals and yellow stamen on the inside of it
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this cup-shaped flower has large, overlapping white petals and noticeable, yellow colored anther, with a darker colored filament.
this is a flower with white petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow stamen and white petals in an overlapping arrangement.
soft yellow pedals surrounding darker yellow stamen on a green pedicel.
a large white flower with a golden long stigma and a green stem.
this flower has petals that arewhite and has yellow stamen

multiple small light blue petals are arranged in a disk with no visible reproductive organs.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has light purple petals, purple anther and filament, and green sepal and pedicel.
the flower shown has small purple petals and purple pistil
the flower has petals that are overlapping and lavender with lavender stamen.
a large purple flower with many honey comb shaped purple petals that cover it's entirety.
this flower has petals that are purple and is ruffled together
this flower has many small purple petals which make a puffy hemisphere shaped blossom.
this flower has many petals of lavender and blue with the center like a pompom.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.

this purple flower has florets with stamens spreading around the surface.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
many small flowers with light pink petals and yellow stamen bunched into a ball.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together
a large purple with small pedals and a green stem.
a flower with lots of small purple petals sitting side by side.
this flower is made up of hundred of shell shaped lavender petals that get pinker closer to the pistil.
this flower has a large number of very small light purple petals.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white and jagged with green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
the flower is white with petal that is fused, soft and enclosing stamens and also the petal has curly edges
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have yellow veins.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a funnel-like white petal with yellow veins.
the white flower has a frilly cone shape with broad green leaves.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines

what makes this flower special is its blooming petals and its florescent colors.
this flower has pink and white petals and a gray-black pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple patches
the flower has bright petals which are purple in color.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with a purple pedicel
purple and white flower with long and narrow petals facing vertically.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink near the bottom.
the pink petals are lighter towards the tips with a flat base and the sepals are multicolored green.
this flower has large pointed petals which transcend in color from medium purple near grainy pedicel to pale white-lilac at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white tips

this flower has petals that are yellow and are pointy
thus flower has very sharplybpointed, thick yellow petals which point upwards.
the yellow pointed petals appear as a bird flying, with the purple pointed petal adding color.
this yellow flower has drastically pointed petals and no visible center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has sharp, long yellow petals and a protracted green sepal.
a spiky gray and yellow flower that was attached to leaves.
this flower has tall thick, very spiky petals in bright yellow hues.
this flower has pointy long yellow petals and one sepal
this flower has yellow pointy petals rising out of a leaf like the wings of a hummingbird.

this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals of this flower are white and irregular with pink at their base an no prominent stamen or pistil
the petals of the flowers are pink and white in color while the sepals are green.
a long flower with white petals that have pink on some of the petals.
white and rose color petals arranged on both sides of a pedicel,green sepals
these white flowers have soft rounded petals, a few of which have a slightly gradated pinkish hue.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shaidng
the flower has very thin white petals with peach colored patches as well.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and bunched together.
this flower has large white petals which are slightly ruffled and pink-tinged.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this yellow flowers have smooth petals and a bunch of stamens.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by five smooth fan shaped yellow petals.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this is a yellow flower with 5 petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has five broad yellow petals around a bright yellow center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yell and make a bell shape

this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
the flowers petals are a bright red and orange and it's pedicel is a light purple.
a flower with broad orange petals folded over on each other, red sepals, and red pedicels
this is a large flower with orange petals and pink anther filaments.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are lighter in some areas.
these trumpet shaped flowers are orange and red in color.
a red flower with orange and red petals stemming from a dark purple pedicel.
this flower has very wide and rounded petals in shades of vivid orange and red.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have small veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow lines

the petals are a purple hue and overlap one another many times.
shiny, curving, pale purple petals, white at their bases and pointed at their tips, form a tower of ascending layers.
this layered purple flower has bell shaped petals with white centers.
this flower has stacked striated purple petals and no visible stamens.
this pretty flower is light purple and has petals stacked on one another.
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the sepals are bright green.
this flower has layers of smooth purple rounded petals that have darker purple lines in them.
a flower that has purple petals and go white towards the stamen.
this flower is pink and light yellow in color, and has petals that are light near the center.
this flower has pink petals with many layers and a yellow patch

this flower has a pink heart-shaped petal and a long, thick central style.
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a single large pink petal and an elongated pink stigma surmounting a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink style
this heart-shaped flower has one petal only and a very long pestil.
this delicate pink flower consists of one pedal and a long middle pollinator.
the pedicel is long, skinny, and light green. the petal is heart shaped with a pink coloring.
this heart shaped leaf is a soft pink color on a green stem.
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has one pink petal and has a big style

the flower has small yellow petals that are dense and thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a large number of yellow petals and a prominent collection of orange stamen and pistils in the center.
the flower has several layers of long skinny yellow petals.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and a dark yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of extremely skinny yellow petals in a ray formation.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
these flowers have yellow string yellow petals with orange stamen in the center of them.

this flower is red in color, and has petals that are stacked on top of each other.
deep red petals of blunt oval shape layered around a fringe of small yellow pistils and a small circle of umber stamen.
this large red flower has bright yellow stamen and rows of soft petals.
the petals of the flower are bright red and arranged in two layers while the stamen is yellow at the edge and brown in the center.
a flower that has vivid red petals and yellow filaments
this flower has multiple layers of red oblong shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a large red flower with a gold and brown center.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a small round center and bright red petals.

this flower has purple petals with black stripes on them, and no visible outer stigma
the flower has purple white and yellow petals with black streaks
this flower is purple yellow and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the small flower has petals that are purple, white, and yellow in color.
this flower has several rounded petals in pale shades of purple, yellow, and white.
this flower has yellow white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has three purple petals which are white on the inside with black and yellow highlights.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and has dark lines
this flower has a lower level of purple petals, and an upper level of yellow petals with 3 purple stripes on each
this flower has very distinct yellow white and purple petals with darker purple stripes.

the flower has petals that are overlapping and red with yellow stamen.
this flower has thick red petals as its main feature.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by overlapping layers of rounded red petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
the petals are heart shaped and bright red and the stamens are yellow.
the flower has yellow and white stamen and layers of round red petals.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and layers of wide, rounded red petals.
this flower has a small clump of yellow stamen and layers of smooth, rounded red petals.

this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
the flower is white and the stamen and pistil as well.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a large flower with white petals and white stigma.
this flower has large white petals and off white stamen.
a white flower with many petals and the stamen also white and the leaves are green
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this is a white star-shaped flower with white stamens.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are very thin.

this flower has drooping petals that are burgundy with white spots.
this flower has large red petals and no visible outer stigma or stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
a drooping purple and white spotted flower with long green sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping downward.
this flower has a downward bell shape with maroon and white spotted petals.
this red and pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

the flowers are in a bunch with curled petals and are pink in color.
flower has sparse, purple petals that get white near the throat.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has small pink petals and no visible outer stamen on it
the petals on this flower are small with a pink and white color to them
this flower has bright pink petals that have wavy edges.
this flower has pale pink petals whose edges are smooth and ruffled.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading

this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has green white colored outer petals with white purple inner petals that are needle shaped
the flower has petals that are white with purple filaments.
the stamen on this flower is green and purple with white and purple petals in a circular formation
this is a large light colored flower with purple spikes in the middle.
the petals of this flower are white and the anther is dark purple.
this flower is white, green, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with white petals and purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
the flower has several white petals underneath a row of spiky blue, and white petals, with an odd shaped pistil.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with green stigma
the bell shaped violet flower has fused petals and the stamen are sticking out from the centre
the flowers grow together in a single bunch and petals are purple in color.
a flower with purple petals that are curled outward.
this flower has large purple petals and long white stamens.
a group of large funnel shape with purple pedal and a white center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the flower has violet colored petals that are oval shaped and large.
a purple flower with green sepal and an orange and yellow pollen tube.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are purple on the edges.
this flower has purple flowers and yellow stamen with long green sepals
sepals are green incolor,petals are rounded in shape and are purple in color
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow style
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curved upward.
this flower has large purple petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has smooth petals that are purple and white in color.

this flower has dozens of needle-like thin yellow petals which form around a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
the flower shown has thin yellow petals with yellow pistil
this is a flower with many long and skinny yellow petals.
the petals of the flower are yellow and have a thick yellow center.
this flower has a shredded yellow petal with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has light yellow anther filaments, a yellow ovule and narrow yellow petals.
a multitude of very thin yellow petals that form a cup around a furry center of yellow stamens.
this flower has extremely thin pointed petals that are bright yellow and arranged in a ray configuration.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy

this flower has long droppping golden yellow petals with a dark circular pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin with black stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are drooping down.
pedicel is green in color ,petals are yellow in color with larger stamens
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower had droopy yellow skinny petals with brown stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the golden flower has long drooping petals and a round orb like center that is dark brown.
the leaves of the flower are dark yellow in color and the center is black in color.
a flower with long yellow petals and a brown stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
the petals of the flower are pink with dark pink tips and a yellow center.
this flower has thick white and pink petals as its main feature.
the flower is formed with five petals, and it has yellow stamens in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has five large petals with dark and light pink colors with a yellow stamen in the center.
the petals on this flower are light pink with brighter pink at the edges
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink around the edges.
this flower has light pink petals with darker pink around the edges.

this flower is yellow, white, and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower with the simple row of five petals are shaded with three colors and holding on a reddish pedicel
candy looking, five petaled yellow, white and pink.
flower petals are white in color,they have red and yellow patches
this flower has petals that are yellow with purple edges
this flower has rounded and very smooth petals in white, yellow and pink.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and pink and has a yellow center
the petals on this flower are tri colorered, white, yellow, and pink.
this flower has oblong smooth petals that are white, yellow, and pink.

the flower shown has bright purple petals which is its dominant feature
this flower has petals that are purple with a flowery stigma
the petals of this flower are purple with a yellow pistil.
the flower has petals that are dark pink with white stigma.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are very small.
a large pedaled purple flower with a long stigma and a white flower on tip.
this flower has bright pink pedals with a white stamen and pink stigma.
this flower has bright purple large sepals and very small white petals.
this flower has a deep purple leaves that end on a dull point with a smaller yellow flower in the middle
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma

this flower has small pointy coral colored petals that face upwards and form a cone.
a red and white pointed flower with layered red and white petals.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this unusual cone shape of these red colored petals makes this flower extraordinary.
the flower has pine cone shaped petals on the plant.
multi red with a hint of pink petals make up this flower against its long strong sepals
this red and white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
a flower ith long and narrow petals that are stacked and pointed.

the flower has dense petals that are yellow and thin as well as long.
the petals of this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this is a flower with a large pistil and many yellow petals.
this flower has small yellow pistil and yellow petals as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
the beautiful flower is big and has yellow petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around brownish yellow bunch of stamens
multiple rows of long yellow pedals surrounding a orange stigma and green stamen.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and a light green pistil.

the smooth orange petals, layered thickly over one another, form a shallow cup, at the bottom of which are the yellow pistils and stringy stamens.
this flower has a yellow and orange set of petals and a bright yellow stamen.
the flower has yellow orange petals and a middle that is bright yellow with a green stalk.
the flower has petals of an orange hue with orange stamen.
a flower with long orange petals and thin yellow stamen.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright orange.
this flower has many rows of thin orange petals pointing up and many yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has orange petals that have many yellow stamen
this flower has layers of yellow petals that surround and center of yellow anther and filament.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.

this flower has petals that are upright, intertwined and pink.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this is a flower that has layers of pink and white petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
i don't see no pedicel its very purple and has no stamen has long sepals.
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
a flower with purple petals in many layers and a green pedicel.

some sharp pink petals surround a large yellow group of stamen and a large yellow pistil.
the flower has several pink petals with a cylinder shaped stamen and pistil.
this is a lotus-like pink flower that has pink petals and yellow stigma and stamens.
the petals on this flower are a hot pink color with yellow pistil in the center
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pointed petals are pink and surround a cluster of golden colored anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and has long style
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this light and dark pink flower has pointed petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has long pink outer petals and a yellow stigma.

this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the petals are purple with white dots, and are also very smooth.
the flower has a drooping purple petal with white circles on it and a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are drooping with pink and dark pink spots.
a nodding purple and white flower with a checkerboard pattern on the petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has plumb and white spotted petals that surround the stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple with spots.
a flower with a bowl shaped purple coloration with a white dot.
this flower has drooping thick petals in shades of mottled purple and plum.

the flower shown has yellow petals with yellow pistil in the center
this star-like flower has yellow and white petals with a bright yellow pistil.
a flower with yellow petal that are open and tubular and a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
a flower with light yellow pointed petals on the outside and a brighter yellow center.
the pale yellow outer petals form a star, with a darker yellow trumpet petal at the center and the pale filaments inside the trumpet.
this flower has pointed yellow petals surrounding a bell-shaped center of darker yellow.
this flower has yellow and white petals that form a bell shape
this flower has a light yellow sepal with brighter yellow petals in a trumpet formation at its center.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower with separate petals which are white in color.
this large flower has smooth white petals which are round both in shape and at their edges.
this flower has petals that are white with a hint of yellow
this is a large flower with white petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has smooth white petals in varied shapes and sizes.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are that are thin and rounded.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has wide and very smooth white petals with rounded edges.
a flower with five white petals and a yellow pistil.

this flower has light purple petals and stigma, and a reddish, green pedestal.
the delegacy of the lavender opens with small skinny pedals on the inside and long curly pedals on the outside
this delicate flower has thin, long pink petals and prominent pink stamen.
the flower shown has long purple filament and purple anther
this flower features a set of light pink petals and long, erect stamen and pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl and ruffle.
a large purple and white flower with the pedals curled at the tips and a long stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wrinkled.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the flower has a large tubular red petal with green sepal
this pink flower has very long petals which are close together and turned up at the end.
the flower has petals that are reddish pink and shaped like a tube.
the flower is elongated and has petals that are red in color.
this flower has petals that are red and is bell shaped
this bell shaped red petal flower that curls back at the end sits on a green pedicel.
the flower has bright pink petals with a pink stamen.
this red flower has and elongated ovule which pairs well with its short petals.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
this flower has the white petals at the bottom and the yellow shaded brown lined petals at the top
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the middle and multi colored.
this flower has white and yellow petals, that are surrounding brown streaks towards the center.
the flower has two layers of petals in which one of the layer is white and the other is yellow and also the petals are soft and smooth
this flower has five round pale purple petals with yellow and white accents.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow and has dark lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
these flowers have sparse white and yellow petals with brown stripes.
this flower has smooth petals that are white and yellow.

this flower has petals that are white wiht yellow in the center
this flower has white petals with yellow and green around the stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a smooth white and yellow petal as its main feature
a flower with separated white and orange petals with central bright yellow stigma
this flower has heart-shaped soft white petals and vivid yellow center.
this flower has five large white blooms with a yellow and orange sunburst shape in the center and a small green stigma.
this flower has white and green petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
this orange, yellow and white flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

this flower has large white petals with a pink color in the center and grows on a tree.
this flower has large white petals that are pink near the receptacle.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with a patch of pink
the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is long and white
the flower has large oval soft shaped petals that are white and pink colored.
the petals of the flower are very wide, and have shades of pink through the center of the petal.
this flower has large elongated white petals that get pink closer to the pistil.

the flower is orange colored and thin and sharp as well.
the tropical flower has pointed petals that are in various colors such as orange and purple.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has petals that are orange with hints of yellow
this flower has a small number of sharp pointed orange petals supported by a bent green pedicel.
this flower has a sharp, ribbed sepal and a sparse arrangement of long, sharp orange petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
a slender green pod which opens along the side to reveal bright orange and blue spikes.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a green and red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin

this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of purple
the flower has two purple petals on top, with red petals on the sides.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this purple and violet flower has a green pedicel and receptacle.
this flower has oddly shaped irregular petals with two tone purple colors.
this flower has a combination of very light purple petals and deep pink petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has petals of red, purple and magenta that flare out.

this flower has long white petals with pink streaks in the center of it
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with slightly cupped, but laying flat out, white petals that are pink on the bottom at the base and surround a pinecone-looking stamen.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with shades of purple as well
the flower petals are alternately arranged and are white in color with larger beige in color anhers
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are white.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers have thick broad white petals that are tinted pink on the undersides.
this flower has long and very smooth white petals with delicate pink accents.

leaves are broad, flat and dark green, while the flower has large yellow and white petals.
this flower has five overlapping petals, which are white at the ends and yellow in the center.
this flower has five rounded and very smooth white petals with bright yellow centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white shading
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a five petal white and yellow colored flower.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a yellow inside.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white rounded petals with yellow patches near their base.

leaves are green,flower is white in color with some yellow patches
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has yellow and white petals with a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the petals of this flower are yellow and white with a short stigma
this yellow and white flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has white petals with a yellow center, dark green leaves and a small black ovule.
flowers with 5 gold and white large ovoid petals and hidden pistil
this flower has very smooth petals that are oblong in shape and yellow and white in color.

this flower has ruffled pale yellow petals atop rounded purple petals with curved edges.
outer petals are purple in color ,inner petals are yellow incolor
this flower has three frilled white petals that close around a yellow stamen with fuzzy yellow pistils and three dark purple frilled petals that fan out below.
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of purple
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has larger maroon and yellow petals surrounding smaller yellow petals.
a large purple and yellow flower with white stripes running through it's purple petals.
this flower has multicolored petals that are yellow, white, and purple.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red shading
this flower has yellow and purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower is lightish pink petals with stamen that is also light pink
this flower has white pistil and pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this is a flower that is peach in color with ruffled petals and long anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
the petals on this flower are peachy pink and the pistil is a golden yellow
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has peach petals as well as a peach stamen.

the petals on this flower are pink with dark pink bases.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around circular disc like sepal
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of purple
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and twisted.
this flower has lavender colored petals in an odd arrangement.

this flower has rich purple colored petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and folded together
this flower has petals that are purple with green pedicel.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the flower is blue with petals that are soft and separately arranged around stamens overlapping each other
the large petals are between the colors purple and blue and surround all other internal areas of the flower so that they cannot be seen.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are thin and wrinkled.
a flower with many indigo blue petals in many layers stacked on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this purple-blue flower has petals that curve to hide the middle of the flower.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and bell shaped
this trumpet shaped flower has the red petals with the stamens and stand on reddish sepals
a flower with tubular open petal and cluster of yellow stamen
the flower has a set of 5 petals that are red in color and circular in shape.
red, horn-shaped flowers make a cluster of buds and blooms, with a cluster of yellow stamen barely visible.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
these flowers have five bright, coral petals that form a trumpet-shape surrounding the long, pale stamen.
this plant has numerous trumpet shaped flowers with pink petals and yellow ovaries.

this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this drooping yellow flower has compact petals with a solid stalk with lanced leaves.
small flower with closed yellow petals and green pedicel
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped around the center.
this is a yellow flower with a long green pedicel.
the pale yellow flower has dense, short, round petals surrounding the pistil.
this flower has small yellow petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has yellow sepals and small yellow petals that are layered tightly together.
a flower with yellow petals coming from its green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yell and has several layers

this is a flower with pink petals that have darker pink tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with a dark green pedicel
this flower has petals that are purple with patches of white
the petals on this flower are purple with a whiting tinge.
this is a light pink flower with dark purple tips toward the end of the petals.
the flower opens from a cluster, in many rows of delicate red-tipped petals
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are darker pink at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
the flower has many oval soft petals that are white with pink points.

this small flower has smooth, rounded petals in red with orange edges.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow on the edges.
the flower has petals that are red with a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flowers are altrnately arranged with bright red petals
a group of dark red flowers and a gray stigmas.
this flower has small and rounded red petals and a delicate white center.
these red flowers have only a few petals, and a cluster of pale green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this is a yellow flower with red stripes and a large yellow stigma.
this yellow and orange flower has dense many layered toothed petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower has two rows of yellow nd orange petals, a yellow stamen and orange ovule.
this flower has a ray-shaped formation of yellow petals with red stripes down their center.
this flower has pointy yellow petals with red stripes and a green pedicel.

this flower has long and thin petals that are yellow and has brown anthers
this flower has numerous long and thin orange petals.
this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow, thin and layered
this flower has a brown center surrounded by layers of long yellow petals.
the petals of this flower are long and golden and surround a cluster of brown anther.
the flower has a brown center ringed by yellow skinny pedals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the petals of the flower are a vibrant yellow color, and the receptacle is a circular shape.
this flower has three rows of yellow petals that surround a brown stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow center
the petals on this flower are red with a yellow center.
this is flower with bright pink petals and a white stigma in the center.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has five large wide petals which are hot pink with slightly paler centers.
this flower has has bright red petals with a slightly yellow middle and stamen.
this red flower has 5 leaves with a deep pale yellow center.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has bright red petals and white stamen in a white ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a large blue petal and a blue stigma in the middle
a flower with large conical blue petal which has white and yellow on its interior and a large conical pistil in the center.
he flower ptals are blue in colo on the outer and pale green on the inside
the flower has petals that are blue with green stigma with purple spots.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal with bright blue coloring.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and conjoined petals of vivid blue.
this flower has large blue petals that have a dotted pattern leading to the center.
this blue, yellow and white flower has pointed petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green patches

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are red with shades of yellow
the flower has red and orange petals with purple pedicel
the flower petals are alternately arranged and are orange in color
orange and yellow petals are draped over one another hiding the reproductive organs
this flower has petals that are growing different ways and are red, yellow and orange
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and are ruffled together
this flower has orange petals with yellow around the outer-edges.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are varying shades of yellow and orange.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
the flowers have dense petals that are orange, long and thick.
this bright orange flower has an outer row of thin oblong shaped petals .
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
the petals of this flower are orange and the pedicel is green
the flower has many long oval shaped orange petals with orange stamens.
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in different layers around stamens that are supported by pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink with dark pink tips and yellow stigma.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker on the tips.
this flower has bright pink and white petals with a yellow and orange pistil.
this is a flower that has pink and white petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has pink layered petals with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has many light pink petals as well as yellow anthers.
this flower has very pale pink petals that gradient to white in the center and have very short yellow stamen.
this flower has pink petals with many layers and a yellow style
the round, upturned petals of this flower are almost white at the bases and gradually darken to a deep pink at the tips.

the petals are stacked together and the stamen are visible.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
bright pink and yellow wispy flower with dark green leaves.
this flower has multiple petals that are pink on the edges, white in the center and orange at their base.
this flower has petals that are pink with shades of yellow
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has pink and yellow petals that are stacked on top of each other.
a flower with thin and wavy petals that are pink.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are layered in shape with green leaves.

leaves are green in color,with prominent larger yellow anthers
this pink and white petal flower curves upwards and holds bright yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are striped.
the flower has a light and dark purple strips running throught it.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen and white lines
this flower is white, pink,and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
white and pink rope like design petals that are a scoop shape with large light orange stamen.
this flower has rounded spade shaped petals of a light pink veined with dark pink and yellow stamen.
this flower has rounded and curl-edged pale purple petals with darker veins.

this flower has one large bell shaped petal that swirls around the stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow style
the flower has a visible filament with no visible anthers
this flower is white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a white pistil and smooth white petals as its main features
the flower has one cream colored petal folded around a light yellow stamen.
this flower has a single spiraling white cone shaped petal.
this flower has a single white petal that curves around its inner long yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has a long style
this flower is made up of on huge white petal with a white stamen in the middle.

the vibrant petals on this flower are rounded and the leaves are long.
a flower with yellow petals and yellows veins on the petals.
the flower has many closed yellow colored petals that are rounded in shape
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower is a double with a long pedicel and many yellow petals at the top.
this bright yellow flower has curved petals, and forms a ball shape.
bright yellow blossoms that open from a large ball, exploding to a full frilly flower.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together

this deep red flower with thin, translucent petals has a high pistil with a cluster of red and yellow stamen on the tip.
a flower with ribbed wide red petals and a central red and orange stamen cluster.
the flower shown has pink and white petals with yellow and pink stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has large red petals and a large red stigmas with yellow stamen on it
this flower has very thin red petals and the leaves are large and rough in appearance.
the flower has five light pink petals with a pink pistil, and yellow anthers
this is hibiscus has long stigma covered with yellow steman having four or five red petals surrounded by base leaves.
a flower with long and wide petals that are wrinkly and pink.
this flower has large pink petals that have a wrinkled texture and a small cluster of stamens.

this flower has long red petals and small red stamen sticking out of it
this is a unique spiked petaled red flower that forms a ball at the bottom.
a flower with ragged folded petals, green sepals, and verdant dark green pedicel.
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are oddly shaped and skinny.
a flower that has multi colors such as pink, purple and green
this flower has bright red petals atop a short, stout sepal.
this pink flower has pointed petals and purple stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower is green and red in color, and has petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has petals that are red and is very stringy
this flower has a couple of layers of spiky red petals sparsely arranged atop of purple sepals.

what is so unique and special about this flower is its rich ruby red colored petals.
skinny with multi petals, and dark brown pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red and very thin
petals are red in color and are oval in shape
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched.
this flower has petals that are red and are very thin
this flower has layers of red petals and dark red stamen
this flower has long thin red petals that burst out from the center.
the long skinny petals are on the furthermost outside edge and shorter petals inside next to the center of the flower.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
bright yellow, thin petals surround sharp yellow anthers and filaments which make up the stamen and are also colored yellow.
this yellow flower with multiple narrow serrated petals and upright stamen surmounts a cluster of spikey green leaves.
this yellow flower has thin petals with a thorny pedicel and sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin and layered
this is a flower with yellow petals and yellow stamen and stigma
the flat, yellow petals are clustered around thin, golden colored stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a fuzzy green sepal and stem with very thin bright yellow petals in a disk formation.

this flower is white and pink in color, with a couple petals that are spotted.
this flower contains two lavender and white petals that are symmetrical to each other, plus a spherical centerpiece.
the light pink flower has one oval petal and a orange pistil.
this flower has one large pale pink petal and three sepals that have very dark veins.
the white wing shape of this flower is absolutely remarkable.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
the petals on this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is dark brown
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow lines
this white and pink flower has pointed and rounded petals and a yellow anther.
this orchid does not have traditional petals and instead has one large white petal thats hangs down.

this flower has a star-shaped yellow center with a narrow rim of white, surrounded by bright blue, ruffled petals.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
the flower shown has blue petals with yellow in the center.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow center
this is a blue flower with connected petals and yellow near the ovary.
this flower has vibrant blue petals and a seemingly short stem. the centers are a sunny yellow.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has big blue petals and the pistil is bright yellow
this is a blue flower with a yellow and white center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center

the petals of the flower are pink in color and are arranged in numbers of five.
petal are rounded in shape,they are purple in color
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stammen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged in disc like manner
flowers have a single layer of symmetrical violet petals with hints of white toward the center.
this flower has five purple petals and white stamen.
these flowers have bright pink heart shaped flowers with very short stamen in the middle.
this flower has five rounded and bright pink petals which are soft and smooth.
the flower is a violet color and has five petals and three stamens.

yellow anther and filament are surrounded by white and purple petals
this flower features two layers of petals - a white inner layer surrounding long yellow stamens, framed by purple outer petals.
a purple and white flower with a yellow pollen tube
this flower has white and purple petals with yellow stamens and anthers.
this beautiful flower features light yellow stamen and purple petals.
this flower has bright purple sepals and small white petals with long, thin yellow stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and the pedicel is purple and green
this flower has both purple and white petals; the white which surround many stamen and the purple which surround the outside of the white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with long stamen
this pale pink and white flower has the shape of a six-pointed star and long stamen coming out from the center.
a cluster of flowers with pink petals and a green receptacle.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are star shaped.
this flower's petals have a light green at the base, a white line going down the center, and the rest of it is pink.
this pink, white, and green flower has pointed petals and white and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals in a star configuration and they are pink and white colored with a green ovary.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are green near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
the petals of this flower are light pink and yellow and the pedicel is green

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several layers of red petals.
dark red petals in several layers flat around yellow stamen with dark scarlet pistils
this petty flower has bright red petals around a yellow center.
the flower petals are pink in color,the stamen are yellow in color
a red flower with layered red petals and many short yellow stamen at it's center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
a flower with red petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

the bright orange-yellow petals of this flower are arranged in a bushy formation.
this ball shaped flower has a very large number of small orange petals, and no visible stamen or sigma.
this flower has petals that are orange and ruffled together
petals are floret and are orange in color
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has clusters of yel!ow cone shaped petals on a green vine.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny and very ruffled orange petals.
a large orange flower with many small orange petals covering it's dark center ovule.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and are ruffled together

these flowers have petals that start off white in color and end in a dark purple towards the tips.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
the petals on this flower are white with purple fringes.
this flower has purple edges on the petals with white filament and dark anthers
indigo margin on white petals with a distinct dark brown tip on the many white stamens.
this flower has blue and white petals with blue stamen in the center of it.
the flower is purple and white with multiple white stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower has white petals with purple tips, deep purple anther filaments and white and purple stamen.

widely spaced out odd shaped orange petals with red splotches on each one.
this flower is red and tan in color, with petals that are spotted.
the spotted orange petals appear distressed and worn, the new blooms will bring more life.
the petals are long and orange with a splash of yellow
large leaves with parralell veins are accented by tall stalks of orange and red spotted flowers.
the petals of the flower are yellow, red, and orange and have a green stem.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
the petals of this flower are golden yellow with orange and red spots on them
this flower has orange and yellow petals attached to green sepals.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this flower has four petals that are orange in the center and fade out to a golden color on the edges.
pale yellow petals that become almost orange in the center with a matching orange spiky stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this orange and yellow flower that is shaped like a four leaf clover is very beautiful and pretty.
the flower has bright yellow colored set of petals with its inner part colored orange.
this yellow flower has 4 rounded petals that are yellow on the outside and orange in the center, with long orange stamen and a brown pstil.
this flower has very large yellow petals and the stigma and style seem to be very small and darker yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has stringy stamen
this bright yellow flower has four large petals that are lighter yellow on the edges and darker in the middle.
this flower has a cross formation of brightly colored petals that are orange at the base and yellow at the edges.

the flower petals are alternately shaped and are light pink in color
the flower has purple and white petals with a green pedicel
this exotic pink flowers petals grow to a point with a variation of the color getting darker at the tips of the petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
this flower has petals that are pink with white trim
this flower is composed of several layers of overlapping, pointed, pale pink petals, which fade to white/pale yellow towards the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has smiple rows of pink and white petals, a white ovule and yellow anther filaments.
it has a lighter yellow receptacle that blends into light pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are green with purple and white stamen
this purple blue and white flower had larger petals underneath thin wispy petals.
long white petals with multicolored blue, white, and purple stamen
this flower has a lower layer of white petals with an upper layer of very long and thin purple petals that are white at the base.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has long rounded white petals with skinny white and blue petals on top of those.
this flower has a green ovule, green stamen , a purple pollen tube and pure white leaves.
this flower has white petals in a ring followed by a ring of blue filaments.
there are needle like blue and white petals, a purple stamen, oily leaves, and wide sepals.

this flower has long yellow petals that have a red stripe on it and yellow stamen in the middle
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in two layers of disc around the stamen
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped in the center.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with orange middles and an yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this bright yellow flower has many light yellow petals with a dark center surrounding a yellow center.
a flower with yellow petals with an orange stripe in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with stripes that are brown.
this flower has petals that are yellow and red and they are arranged in a couple of different rows.

the green leaves are protruding from the center of the pot, flanked by a long feathery leaf with half green-half pink pigments.
this flower has petals that are green on the bottle half and pink on the top
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointy.
the leaves on this plant are long and green and the petals of the thick leave is pink and green
the flower has very large petals which when mature turn pink.
this flower is mostly purple with long fan like petals
leaflet like floral arrangement is found in this green to pink flower
this flower has a large number of very long, thin green leaves
this pink and green flower has pointed petals, and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are green and has patches of pink

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has long pink stamen surrounded by long thin petals in darker pink which curl backwards.
a pink flower with long, flowing petals
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin pale pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower is pink in color, with thin and curled petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals on this flower are mostly pink with long stamen.

this flower has petals that are yellow with white tips
this flower has smooth white and yellow petals as its main feature
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flowers have thick petals that are oval, white and yellow.
the petals of the flower are white with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five thick petals that are ovular in shape, white on the outside and deep yellow towards the middle, that spiral out from the center and slightly overlap.
this flower has white petals with a yellow middle of the petal that slightly overlap to the pedicel of the flower.
this white and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has five white petals which are smooth-edged, with yellow centers.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this yellow and orange flower is filled with tiny yellow filaments.
the flower has orange petals with an orange stigma and green pedicel.
flower has large orange pedals that curl over with yellow pistils in middle
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded and have veins.
this flower has wide rounded petals with veins in pale orange.
this flower has petals that are red with patches of yellow
this flower has light orange smooth petals with darker orange lines in them.

this flower is trumpet shaped with purple petals and purple dots on its petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals on this flower are purple with white and purple dots.
this trumpet- shaped flower is light purple with creamy center doted with dark purple .
this purple and white spotted flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
these flowers have one tall purple petal rounded around itself with a white inside and purple spots.
the magenta petals have dark pink spots and are in the shape of a narrow vase.
the petals of the flower have a spotted pattern that consist of pink, purple, and yellow colors.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

the flower is made of white petals and a pistol that is yellow in color.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with purple and yellow spots
wide angel wing shapes stand out with these white petals outstretched holding onto a center of yellow and red dots around the staman.
spade shaped white petals with tiny yellow petals surrounding the white stigma.
this is a strange shaped flower with white and yellow petals, and a yellow style.
this flower has soft white petals with yellow and purple spotted centeres.
this flower has petals that are white and has patches of yellow
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
a large snowy white flower with a golden center with a green stem.
this flower has all white petals with a smooth texture and edges surrounding a short yellow pistil.

the flower shown has a prominent pistil as its main feature.
this flower has thick pink petals arranged along the stem in a tight chevron pattern.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has pinecone shaped red petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are red and folded in
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has red petals, a brown and green stem, and broad green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
the cluttered melon petals all go upward from the thick pedicel
this flower has many layers of small pink petals layered in a tall column configuration.

the petals of the flower are light purple while the center has black anthers.
this flower has a purple petal and a white anther filament
this flower has large purple petals and spiky white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has purple petals with white anther and filament
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large pointy-tipped pale purple petals with vertical creases.
this lavender coloured flower has a few large petals shaped like a leaf with lines along the center and a many white and purple filaments in the center.
this flower has petals that are black and has white stamen
the petals are long and lavender with a stripe of indentations down the center, and the stamen are small and white.

this flower has purple sepal and white pistil as its main features
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
this flower has the row of blue petals and a row of string like structures with the prominent white stamens at the middle
this flower has large purple petals under a fringe of long thin purple hairs.
purple sepal surround the large yellow pollen tubes on this flower.
a flower with long and narrow petals that round at the top.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has light blue petals with long and flat purple filaments with curvy ends.
this flower has light blue petals with long and flat purple filaments with curvy ends.

the petals are club shaped and yellow in color and no stamen is seen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a flowery stigma
the petals on this flower are yellow with a yellow pistil.
this flower has four large and smooth yellow petals with rounded edges.
a flower with light yellow petals and a large stigma in the center.
this yellow flower has rounded petals and a green stamen with a green anther.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a short style
a yellow flower with a light green pistil and orange center.
this flower has five yellow petals that get turn a darker yellow closer to the pistil.
this flower has a short green pistil and small bright yellow petals.

these flowers have yellow and dark orange petals with yellow tipped stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
the flower are in a trumpit shape and are a orange and yellow color.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower has bright orange petals, white stamen and dark purple pedicels.
these flat orange flowers have large folded petals and feature short stamen and a large pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
a small yellow color flower has stamen and alternating green leaves and bottom of the flower is pink
there are yellow petals, with a tight red sepal, and long green leaves.

the flower has small yellow petals with orange spots mixed in
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are small.
a flower with rounded yellow petals and central clustered white stamen.
this flower has a small blossom comprised of four yellow petals with rounded edges.
the petal of the flowers are orange and the leaves that surround it are green.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
a flower with green leaves, bunches of bright yellow petals, and a very light green stamen in the middle
all the flowers are yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has very small petals that are rounded in shape and colored varying shades of yellow and orange.

the outer petals of the flower are white while the spiky petals are blue, white, and maroon.
this distinctive flower features an inner layer of purple and white petals framed by a layer of white elongated petals.
this flower has a very unuqie look and color
this plant has multiple blue and white stamens that hang just above the white petals.
this flower has white petals and many filaments that are colored purple, white, and blue.
this is a light blue flower, with thick and long petals on the outside and thin, and short ombre colored petals on the inside.
this flower has rounded green outer petals and pale, thin, pointed purple and white inner petals.
this flower has two large yellow pistils, several bright pink and green stamen, a layer of bright purple, blue, and white petals, and an outer layer of light green petals.
this flower has long white green petals and blue tip anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has string stamen

the petals of the flower are white in color and have curled edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this white and orange flower has ruffled petals and a ball of stamen.
the flower is so big and has white petals that are soft, thin, wrinkled and separately arranged around the clustered stamen
this flower has a large pistol with many yellow stamen that make it look like ball.
this white flower has broad wispy petals and one rounded gold center
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow center ball surrounded by very ruffled white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
a white flower with floppy petals and a ball of stamen at it's center.

these flowers grow in clusters upwards surrounding a single stalk, with petals that are yellow and pale pink.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the petals on the flower has alot of colorful petals yellow, brown, white and a pinkish color.
the flower shown has white and yellow petals with green pedicel
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and bunched together.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are yellow with shades of orange
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has multicolored petals that are varied shades of peach and yellow.
many pale peach blossoms open to reveal a smaller yellow center.

this flower has a large, prominent pollen tube surrounded by five large, rounded red petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower is white, red, and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
one of these flowers is bright pink with a pink style and pink and yellow stigma and the other is white with a pink center and white style and yellow stigma.
these flowers have five rounded petals and a large pistil that seems to have the stamen branching off of it near its top.
the flower has red and yellow petals with a red and yellow pollen tube
this flower has yellow and red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has pink and pale yellow flowers with yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pink near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower has five petals that are rounded with a slightly crinkled texture and either light yellow or bright pink in color.

pink petals with green leaves and brown pedicel
this flower has large petals that are dark pink at the base, lightening to white at the tips.
this flower is a pale pink with a lot of petals
very wide, but wispy dusty pink petals that fold up to make a taller flower.
a long stem with a group of light pink flowers.
this flower has soft pink and tan petals on a brown vine.
this flower grows on tree and has large pink veined petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
there are many light pink leaves that overlap each other and point upward and out to the sides, in a bulb shape

a flower that has violet petals that are surrounding a cluster of stamen
the flower has petals that are pink in color and a center that is orange.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are skinny and rounded.
the flower has a vibrant purple color with multiple tiny petals circling the circumference of the flower creating a perfect circle.
overlapping purple petals in two mingling layers, creased slightly and with rounded tips, surround a bundle of dark purple and yellow stamens.
this flower has an indigo center and long purple petals with rounded tips.
this flower has small purple oblong petals arranged closely together in a ring.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thin purple petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower is black and yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower has lots of yellow long slender leaves,a long pedicel, and a large rounded fuzzy center.
this is a yellow flower with long petals and a black center.
flower with multiple long and thin bright yellow petals surrounding a pitch black flat pistil.
this flower has many yellow petals as well as black stamen.
this flower has layered yellow petals that has black stamen
this flower has thin and elongated petals that are arranged in a single layer.
the thin petals are bright gold and surround a cluster of dark brown stamens.
this flower has many bright yellow long petals around a black center.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
these blossoms are pink, the petals are long narrow and curved, the stamen are very long.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with thin pink filaments.
this flower has a pink spider looking bloom with long pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and very think with long stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower has long and thin pale pink petals which curl backwards.
the pink petals are ruffled and curled away from long pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has thin pink petals that have long stamen

the flower has a set of 4 yellow colored petals with lots of short of stamen.
the flower shown has several yellow petals, and a green center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has round yellow petals that has green stamen
this flower has a few bright yellow petals and lots of yellow stamen.
this a bright yellow rounded petal with multiple short yellow stamen filaments.
a large golden yellow pedal flower with a long group of stigmas.
this flower has small and shiny yellow petals which are smooth and rounded.

this flower features white elongated leaves with a purple base arranged in a cup pattern.
this is a cup shaped bright white flower, each petal curls up and has a pink bottom.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are white with purple patches
these blossoms are purple in the center, with the flower face pointed downwards, and white petals which turn sharply from the face and point upwards.
this flower has smooth and straight white petals bent backwards from a fuchsia center.
this white and pink flower has rounded petals and a brown pedictel.
this flower has large white petals that turn purple towards the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower has a red pedicel and smooth white petals.

this flower a lot of long petals and a large stamen
the dominant yellow contrast of this flower from the receptacle to its petals are very pronounced.
this unique bright yellow flower has thin petals and a yellow stamen.
this flattish flower has a large number of slender yellow petals surrounding a large cluster of rounded yellow stamen.
this flower has numerous yellow petals and a plethora of yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has very thin and shiny yellow petals which are fringed like hair.
this flower has hundreds of long thin yellow petals around a puffy bunch of yellow stamen.
the lively yellow flower has many tiny yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has small white petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has white and red petals with a yellow stigma.
this flower has small white petals and pink pedicels with long white pollen tubes and yellow anthers.
this flower has red leaves and stems holding smooth white petals.
this white flower has pink bulbs that resemble mini chili peppers and white stringy cord resembling alfalfa sprouts.
this flower has white petals that have yellow stigma on them
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has multiple blossoms on one stem with white petals and pink sepals.

this white and purple flower has fragile petals and soft stamens.
a small violet flower withmany yellow styles
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have small veins.
the flowers has a yellow middle portion and radiating outwards towards the tip of the petals is a light pink color.
the flowers has petals that are pink with white centers and yellow anthers.
a large light purple flower with a yellow center and a long white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
this flower has petals that are rounded, a light pinkish lavender that are white and green in center.
a flower with light pink petals and yellow in the middle by the stamen.
a four petaled flower that is light lavender with a yellow center and many white anther in the center.

this small red flower has slightly overlapping petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
the pink and white flowers grow clumped together in a bunch.
a cluster of red flowers with no visible pistils showing in the center.
this flower has small orange petals with small stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the petals of this flower are dark red and the pedicel is green
this particular flower has petals that are dark pink and small
this flower has bright pink petals that are small and smooth.

this is a tall white flower that has many round white petals.
flowers are alternately arranged,they are white and the other red in color
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and ruffled at the edges
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are vertically bunched.
the petals of the flower are pure and bright red while the recepticle is dark green.
this flower has vertical columns of small soft and ruffled petals in bright tones.
these flowers have yellow and orange bell shaped blossoms with wide flared ends.
this flower has large red and yellow petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow and folded together
the petals of the flower are like a paper like texture, and are comprised of red and yellow petals.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
stamens are many and are yellow in color,peals are light pink in color
a large purple pedaled flower with a sunflower looking center.
the flower shown has several pink petals, and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink flower has rounded petals and orange stamen and anthers.
this is a light pink flower with a yellow receptacle and yellow stamens.
this flower has five broad pink curved petals and a yellow center surrounded by dozens of short gold stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has light purple petals that look like scoops and a thick layer of yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are white with purple stringy stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has green pollen tubes and purple stringy petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are purple with a logn stigma
the plants has white petals with many more violet stamens
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has long white petals and wavy purple filaments.
this flower has long purple petals with a large white pistil.
this flower has rounded pale green petals under a fringe of paler purple.
this flower has white petals with stringy purple stamen in the middle of it.

this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has orange petals with purple specks and a prominent stamen.
this flower has long coral colored stamen surrounded by coral petals with red spots which curl slightly downwards.
this flower has petals that are red with black dots
the flower has many long peach colored pollen tubes.
this orange and dark purple spotted flower has curled petals and pale orange and burgundy stamen.
the petals are long and curved and orange with purple spots on them.
this is an orange flower brown spots on the petals with long, thin stamens.
this flower has long prominent filaments with dark anthers rising out of bright orange petals with purple spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed upward.
this red petal flower has points on the end and needle filaments in the middle.
this flower has pointed red petals and a very large yellow stamen area.
this flower has red spiky petals and a large center with yellow stamen.
this flower has spike like petals that are light red with yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are curved upwards, and has a pointed edge.
this flower has a row of pink pointed petals and many pistils and stamens.
the pistal is very busy with red petals at the bottom and many stamens
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower shown has purple petals with yellow anther and a green pollen tube
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
large white and purple pedals with a yellow and green pistol in the middle.
this flower has large pink petals and yellow anthers in the center
this pink flower has a couple layers of wide, smooth petals and dozens of short yellow stamen surrounding a round, pale green pistil.
this flower has rows of overlapping purplish pink petals with orange anthers.
the light pink petals are pointed at the tips and surround yellow stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has pink petals, with yellow stamen and a green pistil.

the light purple flower has a yellow ovary, and leaves under the bottom of the flower
this flower has a bunch of green petals and a sprout of purple stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are curved upward.
the flower is so big with their petals appearing like sepals and the stamen sticking out are long and pointy
this spiky ball shaped flower has lots of thin petals and a yellow center
this flower has a white flat pistil and lots of very thin and spiky purple petals.
many needle like purple and white petals surrounding a yellow anthem.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has a spiked purple fringe surrounding a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flowe petals are overlapped,are light pink in color
the flower shown has purple petals which are sitting on white sepal
this flower has large pink petals and no visible center stigma in the middle
this is a water flower with lavender petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower has lavender long petals with soft sharp edge and white sepal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are bent upwards
a flower with purple petals surrounding it's center and another outer layer of white petals.
this flower has white sepals and upright purple petals with pointed tips.

this purple-petaled flower has a pointed set of petals and green stem.
this flower is vibrant pink in color with pointed petals and a green pedicel.
violet pointed petals overlapping some with a black, brown and green sepal.
the flower shown has thin purple petals with green pedicel
this flower has multiple layers of bright purple pink pointed petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has purple and pointy petals that fold upwards
this flower has layers of wide pink petals which have pointed tips.
this flower has bright pink petals and a very skinny green pedicel

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
pedicel is green in color,petals are oval in shape,they are light pink in color
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow bases.
this pink and white flower has many overlapping petals arranged in vertical rows atop a longish pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has patches of yellow
this flower has upturned layers of pale pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink with a point.

a very flat pancake-like white pedaled flower with a round yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has a green pod and yellow stamen surrounded by very ruffled white petals.
this white flower has a flat surface and a big yellow flower head in the middle.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
a pinwheel shaped flower that is white and has a dull golden center.
the flower is big with white petals that are so thin and soft and has bunch of orange stamen in the centre
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and thin.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flat white flower with a yellow core covered in yellow stubby stamen which surround a yellow ovule.

a large flower with orange petals and no visible stamen.
the flower has red petals with some dark spots on the tips as well
reddish-orange petals that extend into a point whilst also circling the pistil in a cone like shape.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has a lot of red and pointy flower petals
this flower has light red petals that grow up the stem and a small, red stamen.
this flower has pointed red petals that have shades of yellow
a flower with it's red petals in a cone shape that covers it's entire enter.
this flower had red pointed petals surrounded by long green leaves.
this flower has bright orange petals with deep jade green sepals.

this bright red and horn-shaped flower has delicate petals and a few stamens.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
this flower has the red color five overlapping petals with the stamens at the center
the flower is red in color with larger anthers that atre red
this flower has petals that are red with a long stigma
the flower has bright red pedals with small white highlights and a red stamen.
this flower opens up with petals that are red and orange with long red stamen.
this flower has a large funnel-type of formation with bright red smooth petals that fold over gently.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.

several layers of pale yellow petals, partially translucent, are cupped around multiple yellow stamen, partially hiding them from view above gray-green, multi-pointed leaves.
this beauty has yellow petals that are not what looks like just bloomed.
a beautiful strong green stem stands tall and attached to a bright yellow layered petals sitting above the sepal.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curved inward.
this flower has lighter yellow, paper thin petals that grow into each other in a globe pattern
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has many bright yellow rounded petals wrapped around each other.
this flower has layers of wide and upturned pale yellow petals.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and are attached to a long green stem.

the flower is red in color with a long pedicel with leaves on it
the red flower has few petals, but a vibrant color.
this unusual red flower has fluttery rounded leaves.
this flower has red alternating petals and a green pedicel.
a off sided red petals together with a light green sepel around the base of the petals sits atop a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has smooth red petals attached to brown pedicels.
a flower that is bright red that is on a stem that is long.
this flower has very short green sepals underneath a couple of bright red petals that are wavy in shape.
this flower has red wavy petals and a dark green pedicel.

this flower is yellow and blue in color, with petals that are heart shaped.
the large green flowers has purple rounded petals with a yellow color spot with smaler stamen and pistil
a flower with individual blue petals and a yellow central area where a cluster of yellow stamen reside.
this flower has a yellow center and several pale blue heart-shaped petals with rounded edges.
flat, powder blue dual-linked petals with yellow tips at the center.
this flower has blue and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals and a bright yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center
this flower is blue and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this blue and yellow flower has rounded petals and green sepals.

this flower is white and punk in color with wavy petals, and green pedecil.
the petals are white with shades of light pink and the stem is green.
the flower seems to be flat. the petals are a combination of white and purple.
the flowers of the plant have petals that are white with pink tips.
this flower features wavy purple tinged white petals surrounded by dark green sepals.
this flower has broad petals that are colored mostly white with segments of purple.
this flower has white petals that are tinged with pink on the edges.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has large petals that are pink and white in color.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
the flower has pink petals that are separated and curling towards their tips, and has long pink stamen
the flower has pink petals and a stigma of the same color.
the flower has a purple petal with purple anther and filament
this flower has a pink petal and a very long pink anther filament
this unique flower has lavender petals and long lavender filament
this flower is pink in color, and has petals are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this flower has tall pink stamen and pink curled petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has very long slender leaves, a long thick pedicel and six bright yellow sepals with a center trumpet flower.
this flower has a round yellow petal with a lighter yellow sepal.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the ovary.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals in the shape of a star with a trumpet shaped petal at its center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a blue green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are yellow and the pedicel is short and gray

this flower has the outer row of white petals shaded with pink and the inner petals are dotted with brown holding the stamens at the centre
the petals of this flower are pink with a large stigma
this flower has petals that are dark pink with white edges and pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are pink with white edges with dark lines
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has patches of white
this wild looking flower has pink and white petals with leopard print looking stamen.
this flower has ruffle-edged petals of bright pink with white edges.
this flower has multicolored petals that are generally pink at the base with white tops, but a couple have dark lines on them.

this flower has petals that are yellow with white tips
this flower is bright yellow with white color scheme on outward petal.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five large rounded petals, dark yellow at the center fading to a cream toward the outside.
a flower with yellow petals that are white on the edges.
the flower is so beautiful and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in single layer spirally overlapping other petals
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

the stamen are short and the anthers are small in size.
these flowers has a yellow , peach looking color to the petals on this plants
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
this flower has petals that are overlapping and pink or yellow.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink at the tips and turn yellow closer the center of the flower.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has peach petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has orange and yellow petals that have many layers
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow center
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower has short yellow stamen surrounded by layers of overlapping red petals.
this flower has double layers of peach red petals with a center area of yellow stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has layers of thick red petals with smooth sides and tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are canary red and the pistils are yellow
this flower has multiple rows of bright red oblong petals.

this flower has round, bright orange petals around yellow stamen and a yellow pistil.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have yellow filaments in the middle.
flower with large orange and yellow petals on a green stem
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has orange fillaments and petals overlapping each other.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
bright orange petals are circular shaped and surround the yellow stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are that are ruffled.
a flower with short and rounded that are orange.
this flower has a yellow ovary and bright orange rounded petals.

this purple flower has five rounded petals with accents of yellow and white.
this flower has small purple petals with a yellow center in the middle
the flower shown has blue petals with dark blue and yellow markings
this flower has deep violet petals and a yellow center and deep blue streaks running through center.
this flower is blue white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow patches
this flower has smooth purple petals with rounded edges and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has five wide purple petals with yellow center accents.
a violet flower with five petals and a yellow and striped center.
this flower has blue and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

the flowers has many anthers color yellow that are on filaments.
this flower has large white petals and a lot of yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has thick white petals and many yellow stamen with thin pad leaves.
this flower has fringed yellow stamen surrounded by several layers of wide white petals with tapered edges.
white, lilly flower, with many petals, going around , building up to the middle, where there are lots of bright yellow stamens, this all site on a green lilly pad.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of pointed white petals.
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around yellow stamens in bowl like manner in different layers
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
this flower has four wide petals colored pink and yellow stamen.
the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals in the shape of ovals and are violet in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
a light purple flower with a yellow long curvy stigma.
this flower has wide pale pink petals with rounded edges and thick veins.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped with veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has thin yellow stamen and a tall white pistil surrounded by a cross-configuration of rounded light pink petals.

this is a flower with many red petals and yellow anthers.
the flower is red with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around a disc of stamens
the petals of the flower are red in color and have a center that is made of yellow anthers.
an orange flower layered with petals and a brown stigma.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
{}
layers of bright red oval shaped pedals surround golden yellow circle of stamen with predominant anthers around pistil.
this flower has red petals with many layers and yellow stamen
this is a red flower with a dark red pistil and yellow stamens.
the flower has multiple layers of long oval shaped red pedals with a brown and yellow center.

this flower has long and skinny yellow petals and yellow anthers in the middle
leaves are green in color,petals are oval in shape and are yellow in color
the flower has dense yellow petals that are thin and long.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is golden yellow with a yellow pistil and green pedicel
there is a star shaped array of long, thin, bright yellow petals surrounding bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has many long, yellow petals that overlap and alternate, with a large yellow pistil.
this is a yellow flower with yellow stamens and a flat pistil.

the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
5 white petals that turn yellow at the center of the flower and rotate like a pinwheel.
this flower has five small white petals with yellow centers.
5 delicate white petals that fold and turn to gold at the base.
large red petals with a long pistol resembling an ornate vase. this pistol is surrounded by several yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has smoothly textured white petals with yellow markings on them.

flower petals are light pink in color,stamens are ,many and are yellow in color
this is a pretty flower with white and pink petals and yellow stigma.
this petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with layers and yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow stamen and layers of upturned pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has an outer row of white petals and an inner row of pink petals, and also a many yellow pistils.
this flower has multiple rows of petals that start out light pink and get darker toward the pistil.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curved upward.
the pedicel on this flower is purple with bright pink petals
an upturned pink flowers with long pointed pink petals, green sepals,a nd dark red pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded up
this flower is bright pink, with long, pointed petals and a pink stem.
a flower with long and narrow petals that have a pointed edge.
the blossom and stem are both pink, the petals are rather pointed at the end, and the center of the blossom is purple.
this flower has pointed-tipped pink petals which are very smooth and bend backwards.
this flower has pink petals that fold upwards and are pointed
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has several smooth rounded petals in an orange and red shade.
this flower has red and orange petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has petals that are orange with big stigmas
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals on this flower are orange with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red patches
this flower has bright orange petals with red veins and small white stamen.
this flower has golden orange outer petals and berry shaped anthers.
this flower has small orange and red petals with small white petals.
this orange flower has beautiful orange-red petals, brown stamen, and its maroon stigmas shown in the middle of the flower.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft,smooth and separately arranged around stamens
the flower has sparse pink petals that are long and thin.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are dropping down/
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and red stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has thin pink floppy petals with a thorny cone shape stamen center.
this flower has a round spiked brown center and thin pink petals.
the petals of this flower are long and pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has orange lines

these small bright yellow flowers with thin red veins are in a cluster.
this flower has orange and red peddles with a cream like stigma.
the flower has yellow and orange petals with white anther
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy in appearance.
deep yellow petals with red vertical lines on each petal and a deep dark red pistil.
this flower has a cluster of small orange blooms whose petals are small and round.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that have dark veins.
this flower has thin orange petals that bloom all around the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and are bunched together
this flower has a handful of blossoms arranged together, all with varying shades of yellow and orange rounded petals.

this flower has dark black pistil and bright pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with long style
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
a flower with singular pink petal and towering brown stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple.
this flower has a dark thick stamen wrapped in a pointed pink petal.
a pistil and pink petals distinguish this flower.
this flower is pink and black in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has long style

a yellow and white flower with curved petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow towards the center
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals, yellow filament and anther, and a green sepal.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming a disc like shape
the flower has five white, and creamy yellow petals, with other visible parts.
this flower has thick smooth petals that are white in color towards the tip and fades to yellow towards the center.
this flower has small smooth petals that are white and yellow.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center

the flower shown has thin white petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are white with a hint of purple around the edges, with a yellow middle.
the flower shown has white petals as its main feature, with a yellow pollen tube.
the flower has a smooth white petal with a yellow pollen tube
this flower has thick white petals and a prominent yellow pistil.
this flower has a yellow stamen and layers of upturned white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pink at the tips.
the flower has white petals frosted with pink at the tips with a prominent yellow and red stigma.

this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are white with red lines
the flower has red and white petals and long stamen.
longe stamen with larger white anthetrs and red white petals
three blossoms come from one pedicel, each has six petals which are red and white, they have very long stamen with large yellow anthers.
this flower has red and tan colored petals with green stamen in the center on a green thick stem.
this flower has wide white petals with vertical red designs.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multicolored.
this flower has yellowish-green petals with red stripes and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stripes

this flower has large pink petals and yellow spots white no visible outer stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals of this flower are pink with a a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow shading and black lines
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
a group of purple and white flowers with brown dots.
this flower has mostly pink petals with a little bit of white and yellow on them along with some darker pink lines.
this flower has soft and smooth pink petals with accents of white and yellow.

this flower contains round yet sparse petals that are pink, the stigma is also pink and spotted yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flowers has a set of 5 pink flowers that are like crumpled paper in texture.
the petals are a bright pink with dark pink veins and tints of yellow towards the middle of the flower.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has five large pink petals with red veins throughout; it also has a large pink pistil.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the pistil is very prominent, rising above the flat pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and thick.

the yellow flower that has petals that are soft, thin and closed at the centre and surrounded by other layers of petals forming bowl shape
the stamen and pistils are not seen in the flower.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
i would have to say its rich canary color of the petals.
this flower has bright yellow smooth rounded petals wrapped together in a ball arrangement.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled around the ovary.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is folded together
this flower has layers of wide, rounded petals which are bright yellow.

the flower shown has orange petals and orange pistil in the center
this is a round flower with orange petals and long anthers.
this flower has large orange petals that give the flower a trumpet-like appearance.
this flower is red and orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this orange flower has white filament and tiny orange anther.
the flower has orange and red petals with thin orange filament in the center.
this flower has orange petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has a bell-shaped arrangement of bright orange petals.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.

this round yellow flower has hundreds of toothpick shaped petals surrounding an inner circle full of short, ball shaped yellow stamen.
the flower shown has yellow petals along with yellow anther and filament
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny and long.
this flower has a textured yellow center surrounded by hundreds of very thin yellow petals.
this flower has a bunch of thin and yellow petals with yellow anthers on it
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy
this flower has shredded looking yellow petals with yellow clustered stamen.
this flower is round shaped and has many skinny yellow petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow, and dark yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with very skinny and layered petals.

this small red flower has a whispy black center and waxy petals.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has pedals of a gorgeous orange color and a pollen tube that is brown.
the petals of this flower are vibrant orange with a yellow brown stigma surrounded by many brown stamen.
a red flower with brownish orange anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has bright red petals surrounding the brown stamen in the center.
a very dark orange flower that contain extremely large pedals.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
this flower has black stamen and wide, smooth red petals.
this red flower has thin petals and a dark brown center with yellow stamen.

th e petals are pink and are slightly bent a little.
the petals on this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower has pink petals dropping downwards many anthers and green ovary.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by down-turned pink petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with oval shaped petals.
the elongated petals are arranged in a single layer around anthers and pistils.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has a combination of golden yellow and pale yellow pointed petals.
this flower is tan in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the several rows of leaves are covering small yellow and green fruits.
this flower has petals that are yellow with imprint lines
the flowers is bright with the stamen being visible.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has imprint lines
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has wide white leaves with veins and pointed tips.
this flower has petals of light green veined with reddish color.
this flower has sparsely arranged light yellow petals with prominent veins.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this heart-shaped flower is pink and green and it has one large petal accompanied by very long pistil.
this flower has a white and yellow pistil with pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are pnk with yellow and white style
there is only one fat, dark pink petal on this flower, with a long white and yellow pistil.
this flower has red petals that has a long yellow style
a flower with one large petal surrounding a corn cob shaped yellow and white stamen.
this flower is pink, white, yellow, and green in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a single large petal that is pink and green with a tall white and yellow pistil.

this purple flower has petals of different sizes and a few yellow stamens.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with green pedicel.
a purple flower with five large petals atop a brown and green pedicel.
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this petal has light purple petals and a very skinny off brown pedicel
a flower with shell shaped purple petals in a very tight knit.
this flower has large very light purple petals and small green toothed leaves.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edge.
this is a flower with four yellow petals and anthers.
the flower has five petals that are bright yellow with yellow stamen.
this five petal flower holds yellow stamen and a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are uniformly yellow and the stamen and pistil are also yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has five rounded and shiny yellow petals with very smooth edges.
this yellow flower has 5 larger petals and and inner section of also yellow pistils.

white and purple petals yellow mantle green leaves
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen and many layeres
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is a lotus with white color scheme on outer petals and pink on inner petal.
the beautiful big flower has pink petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately forming bowl like shape in different layers enclosing yellow stamens
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright yellow filaments surrounded by pink and white petals.
the flower has pointy pink petals with thin yellow stamen located in the center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has a lot of long and slender yellow petals but it's stamen are even longer and slimmer.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together ans skinny.
the flower shown has yellow petals with a green pedicel
this flower has messy yellow petals as its main feature.
many slender yellow petals surround many yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has layers of very thin yellow petals and thin yellow hairs.
the flower consists of multiple rows of bright yellow needle shaped pedals.

the trumpet-shaped petals of this flower are pinkish-white and spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this trumpet shaped flower has the pink petals dotted inside and stand on a green pedicel
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals on this flower are pink with white and purple dots.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this pink and purple flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has a number of bell-like blossoms on one stem and they are pink in color.

this flower has many pink petals with yellow anthers and some dark anthers
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a flower with pink petals and with small yellow stamen.
this flower has pink petals that have small and yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored.
this flower has a single layer of oblong light pink petals with a ribbed texture.
this is a purple flower with eight petals and a yellow stamens.
this flower has a round grouping of yellow stamen and sparse rippled purple petals.

this is a flower that has white and pink ruffled petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has purple and white petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with pink patches and ruffled together
this flower has layers of wide white petals whose fulled edges are a rosy pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
the petals are white with pink on the edges of the petals.
this flower has multiple rows of white petals with pink tips that wrap tighter closer to the stamen

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and are orange in color.
this flower features a large ovary covered in orange stamens surrounded by layers of overlapping orange petals.
this is a flower with many orange petals and an orange pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has very bright orange petals with orange pistil located in the center.
this flower is orange in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and are folded together
this flower has orange petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has bright orange petals arranged in multiple rows in a ray-like shape.

the flower has a large white petal and a white pollen tube and stigma
the trumpet shaped flower has delicate white petals and a small thin white and green stamen.
green leaves surround the large white petals which engulf the protruding stamen and stigma of this flower.
this unique flower is shaped like a pentagon and has white petals.
the trumpet-shaped white petal of this bloom surrounds a pale green style and a white style and is nestled in a bed of pointed dark green leaves with white veins.
this flower has white petal shaped like a pentagon and long white stamen.
this flower has white petals that open to reveal long white stamen.
this flower has a large white petals with a white stamen.
this flower has pure white petals, a green ovule, white anther filaments, and grey leaves with white veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has a short style

this flowers has purple petals which have a slight dotted pattern on them.
this flower has petals of different sizes and shapes and purple stamens.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have dark green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and broken apart
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
the petals of the flower are purple with some white near the pistil area.
their are several large curvy oval purple pedal on flower.
this flower is pink in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
the flower has a purple petal with many stamen around the pollen tube

white open pedals with small yellow stamen, with small green leaves.
this flower has large white petals and a yellow anther in the middle
the leaves are green in color with green sepals and white colored petal
this flower is white in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
the flower shown has a white pistil surrounded by a white petal
this flower has trumpet shaped white petals and a small yellow pistil.
this flower has white petals and a very light yellow stigma.
this flower has connected white petals surrounding a white stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has a single petal that is horn shaped.
this flower has a trumpet shaped petal that is white with a long receptacle.

the flower is orange with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and surround stamens and also the petals form bowl like shape
this flower occurs in clusters and has bright orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower has small petals that are orange with red edges.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are darker on the edges.
the flower has tiny white anther located in the center of small orange and red colored petals.
the flower has several yellow and orange round petals and white stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this a small flower in a cluster. it is a pretty shade of orange.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink with white patches
this flower has ruffled petals in several shades of medium pink.
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has thick and wavy pink petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled at the edges
this pink and white flower has wavy petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has a straight green pedicel with very wavy pink petals at the top.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.

the petals are both vertical and horizontal. they have a white color, with dark pink accents on the inside edge. they are also growing on branches which are brown.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a white and pink flower with large pointed petals that curl inward.
the petals of the flower are white with pink details and have pointed tips.
this is a huge big flower with white big long petals that are pink at the base, and long strong pedicel.
the large white petals of this flower also has a tint of purple to them.
this flower has large tapered and very smooth white petals with a deep pink center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
this flower has pure white petals, a pink receptacle and brown stems.
this flower has large white petals that have a pink base near the pistil area.

this flower has a very odd geometrical shape that somewhat looks like a bicycle wheel with purple spokes as its petals.
this small white flower has thin blue petals and a dark purple center.
flat, off-white petals are below a circle of purple and white, needle-like petals, which in turn are below a circle of dull yellow, overlapping stamens.
this pretty flower has a lot think petal that are blue.
this flower is white blue and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white sepal.
the petals of the flower formulates a distinctive colorful pattern in the shape of a circle.
this flower has thick tapered pale green petals and a fringe of purple hairs.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower is white and blue in color, with oval shaped petals.

this large red flower has long petals with bright yellow tips.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
the petals on this flower are both yellow and brown striped.
round flower with yellow and orange oblong petals with large yellow center
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by several layers of slightly pointed yellow petals with vertical red stripes.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stripes
this yellow and red flower has pointed petals and yellow orange stamen.
this flower has colorful petals that are oblong, yellow, and red.
this flower has yellowish-gold petals with a orange stripe running vertically along each petal.

the yellow flower has very pale green pedicel along with sepals, makes for good camouflage
the petals on this flower are yellow surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower has a few fan shaped bright yellow petals that come out of a green pedicel.
this flower has five rounded petals which are slightly upturned.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are triangle shaped
the petals of the flower are similar to butterfly wings, and are a distinctive orange color.
this is a small deep yellow flower with four petals pointing upward on a green stem with thin green leaves.
this flower has a green pedicel along with bright yellow-orange petals.
the beautiful small yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pedicel
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

this bunch of yellow flowers has the hornlike petals arranged clumpsy
the flower is made of small clusters of yellow blooms with green leaves.
this flower has small yellow petals and no visible outer stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are fluffy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is a vibrant green
a flower with short and narrow petals that are yellow.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and green

a flower with bright yellow, pointy petals and stamen of the same color.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has several layers of upturned petals which are bright yellow and have pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
the yellow petals lie on top of each other and no pistil is seen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered .
this flower has many rows of elongated yellow petals that get smaller closer to the pistil.
a flower with yellow petals and large green leaves.
this flower has yellow petals that have many layers on them
this flower has yellow petals with slightly pointed tips and thick yellow stamen.

this flower has several layers of thin yellow pointed petals with a large center area that is dark yellow.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
a large yellow flower with smaller long oval petals, and a large disk of stamen and pistils in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this large flower has bright yellow overlapping petals that come to a rounded point.
this flower is yellow in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has a wide flat center and long tapered yellow petals.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has pink petals with white spots on them and a dark pink stigma on it
a flower with five dotted pink and white petals and a folded over purple and red pistil.
the flower shown has purple and white petals as its main feature with yellow anther
the flower has one row of slightly pointed petals that are light purple with dark purple spots on them and has curling purple stigma that look like tentacles.
this flower has a sparse arrangement of white petals with purple spot and tall stamen and pistils at the center.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and dark dots
the petals of this flower are fuzzy and purple and white, and the pedicel is brown
there is a purple speckled flower in a star configuration with a deep purple stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals on this flower over lap each other and are small
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
the flower has several round red and pink soft petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
a group of red flowers in a ball with white spots.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has thick red petals with long red stamens.
this flower has thick red petals with long red stamens.

a pink and white flower with large curved petals and tiny yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have pink tips with green leaves.
the flower is pink with yellow stamen and petals that are supported by the pedicel at the bottom
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
the stamen of this flower is hidden by large oblong pink petals that start out white near the receptacle and get more pink towards the tips.
this flower has bright pink petals which sit on a thick green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and is folded upwards
this flower has a smooth green stem, a white ovary, and light pink petals arranged in an upright fashion.
this flower has pink petals, a white receptacle and a green, narrow pedicel.
this flower has light pink petals with dark pink tips and yellow stamen.

this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy.
the petals on this flower are red surrounding red stamen.
this flower has a large red flower with one lone anther filament
this flower has petals that are red with small yellow stamen
the flower shown has a red petal with green pedicel
this flower has red petals that are ruffled at the edges
a red funnel like shaped flower attached to green steams.
this flower has bright, uniformly red petals with a white center and a green stigma.
this flower has a funnel-like shape with bright pink petals and smooth edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are bright red colored.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are large oval shaped.
a yellow flower that has dropping petals and brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
this flower has long yellow petals and no visible outer stamen
the flower shown has yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower has large bright yellow petals with a few dark lines on them.
this particular flower has petals that are long and rounded with yellow
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
this yellow and black flower has rounded petals and a bright green pedicel.

the flower has a very large red and white petal with yellow anther
the flower has a thick green stem and the bloom is variegated with colors of red and white.
this flower has a white petal with red stripes on it and a long green stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
these interesting petals are pink and white striped and are pointed.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has pink and white petals that look like tie-dye with a white filament and green anthers
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flowers petals are curled open and are white with red stripes.

pedicel are green in color,flower petals are lime white in color with some red spots
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red patches
the flower shown has several white petals with red on the inside of each petal. .
this flower has five large and ruffled petals which are pale yellow with red accents.
this flower has light yellow petals that turn orange towards the center.
this flower has very wide, rounded yellow petals which are ruffled and have bright red accents.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and rounded.
this pale yellow flower has splatters of red on the petals.

blue petals fading into a white ovule
a blue flower with large petals, and a white center.
the flower has a brilliant blue petal very large and round with white in the middle
wide blue flower with a deep white center.
this flower possesses a set of vibrant blue petals and lighter center.
this blue and white flower has wavy petals and a dark green pedicel.
the deep blue petals form a narrow vase shape and fan outwards towards the edges.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
this flower has very smooth and wide conjoined blue petals with a pale white center.
this beautiful flower has wide sky blue petals with a bright, glowing white style.

this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel and sepal
salmon colored trumpet shaped corolla with pale yellow anthers and short pointed sepals.
large flower with red-orange petals , with visible yellow pistil sticking out .
the petals of the flowers are red while the anthers are orange.
this vibrant coral flower has a pale yellow stigma and a spike shaped sepal and features saw-toothed leaves.
this flower has wide and ruffled rounded petals in vivid red hues.
this coral flower has broad, overlapping petals flared in a trumpet shape.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
a horn shaped flower with red petals that fold back at their edges.
these flowers are red mixed with orange!

purple petals that are almost heart shaped with small green receptacles.
this flower has purple petals that expand out from the sepal, protecting the stamen.
the flower has petals that are purple with brown pedicel.
deep purple flower with a bell looking design.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled outward.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.
the petals of the flower are a light purple color, with some petals having a stripe of dark purple throughout.
this flower has dark purple petals with white and light purple tips.
large, deep purple petals in a bell shape and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has small stamen

this flower has long upturned petals with ruffles edges which are yellow with red centers.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has yellow filament with yellow and red petals as its main features
this flower has six wavy upward pointing petals and below them, brown anther on elongated filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stripes
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has upright petals that are frilly, yellow and orange.
this flower has tall, curly upright petals sitting on top of long yellow stamen.
the flower has a yellow and red petals around the green pollen tube with a green pedicel

this round flower has a fringe of many layers of hairlike very thin yellow petals.
this flower has many long, thin yellow petals and long yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flower has thin long petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has dozens of thin yellow petals extending upwards from its center.
this flower has skinny yellow petals with many yellow anthers.
this flower has yellow petals that are stringy and ruffled together
this vibrant yellow flower has many small smooth petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with very thin petals.

pedicel is green in color,flower is white in color,maby yellow anthers
this flower has the simple row of white petals and the stamens with the yellow anther at the tip
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has small white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has seven white petals with many yellow anthers.
this is a white flower with eight petals and yellow stamen.

the flower has slender and thin yellow colored petals and its center is black in color.
this flower is black and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has thin long yellow petals with a dark brown stamen.
this flower has pointed petals with black center.
the round brown center is surrounded by dark yellow long, thin petals.
this flower has a ray-like configuration of long bright yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the flower has long oval yellow petals and black stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and oval shaped.

the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around stamens
the flower has four petals which are yellow in color.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
the yellow petals of this flower have small stripes of orange and yellow stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals, a green ovary, and a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with rounded and wavy petals.
the fower has round yellow petals with red marking on them and yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower is white and black in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
a flower with white bell shaped petals with deep purple speckles on the inside.
bell shaped petals with magenta speckling inside in a symmetrical pattern down the pedicel.
beautiful bell shaped white petals with red speckles on the inside.
the flower shown has bell shaped white petals with patched of purple
this flower has a large number of white bell-shaped petals with purple spots.
this flower has white spotted petals and white stamen inside the petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has a wide rounded trumpet shape in white with purple accents.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted.

a flower with whitish pink petals and anther filaments.
this small flower has several stamen surrounded by small, pale pink petals.
this flower has a pink petal with a dark pink stamen on it
a whispy shaped flower that has white petals and red toned stamen
the flower has needle shaped sepals with light pink colored petals
a small pink and dark purple flower with a long stem.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
the petals of this flower are white and red and the pedicel is extremely long and rose colored
a flower with short and rounded petals that are light purplel.

this flower has petals that are dark pink, overlapping and many small yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are thin and wavy at the edges.
this flower has seven purple petals and a bunch of stamens.
the flower has large pink petal with multiple lines on it.
the flower has long, even pink petals and a perfectly shaped yellow center.
this fuschia flower has 8 petals with many small yellow stamen in the middle.
a dark pink medium sized flower with 8 rounded petals and yellow center.
this fuchsia colored flower has hot pink, tear-dropped ruffled petals with a small yellow and green pistil with tiny spiky yellow stamen.
the purple petals on this flower may be the biggest seen.

this flower has a red and black checkered pattern on its petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals on this flower are purple with pink dots.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
the weight of these scaly-looking flowers cause the flower to have a drooping effect.
this flower has a curved pedical which makes the petals face down.
the petals are a color between dark red and purple with lighter colored spots completely covering each petal and droop over almost hiding the pistil and stamen.
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted and drooping.
this flower has purple petals with pink dots on them
this flower has purple petals with pink dots on them

this flower has the row of red petals shaded with yellow color at the end holding the red stamens with the anthers at the center
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has a large pointy center and many slender petals that are red with yellow tips.
the flower shown has layers of red petals with yellow tips.
this flower has numerous long skinny petals that are red with yellow tips, the stigma of the pistil is very short and colored similarly to the petals.
this flower has red petals that have yellow tips on the end
this flower has long thin petals that are red in color with yellow tips and a large yellow and red stamen.
this flower has red anther and its many small petals are red with yellow tips.
a large round spotted stamen with yellow tipped maroon leaves that are thin and cluttered.
this flower has a yellow ball-shaped ovary in the center covered with short spiky red stamen, and the petals are red with yellow tips.

the flower is white at the outer region and yellowish in the centre where the petals are densely layered and also the petals are loosely layered towards the edges
the simple row of floraletsare light yellow and cicular arranged on the plant
the flowers has petals that are pale yellow and overlapping.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together tightle.
this flower has several overlapping layers of soft curled yellow petals.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has many pale yellow petals arranged in a round pattern.
the flower has many petals and in the center is yellow but fades out to white around the edges.
this flower has yellow and are folded in many layers
this flower has many layers of petals wrapped over each other, getting tighter towards the center of the flower.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this complex blossom has purple sepals and long narrow tubular "petals" that curve at the end, the pistil is complex with an three sided arch over the ovary.
purple petals long and oval forming a fringe around the curling stamen around a large pistil.
a stingy petal flower that is purple and white with a yellow stigma.
flower with purple petals and very long purple stamen and a yellow pistil
this flower has large pale purple petals under a fringe of purple and white.
the petals are light purple and stringy and the stamens are yellow and the sepals are green.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly stringy lavender, and yellow-green is the color of the stamen.
this flower has purple petals with purple and white filaments that have curly ends.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the medium pink flowers are tube shaped with dark red speckles encased in a white border spilling out of the tube.
this pink bell shaped flower has many colorful spots of purple and white.
the purple horn shaped flowers have dark purple and white spots and the stamen is hidden deep inside.
the flower has ping petals that are fused, smooth, soft and has dark pink spots in the inner surface
this flower has wide mouthed trumpet shape and dark red dots in the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals with spots on the inside near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
these tubular pink flowers have white-ringed brown spots on the inside of the petals.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are layered and they are purple in color and its old.
this beautiful pink flower has long, narrow petals and a round blossom, surrounding a purple center with yellow around the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a medium sized violet flower, with several long skinny pedals, and yellow stamen.
this flower has layers or rounded orange petals and yellow anthers.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this disk shaped flower has many purple petals with a short cluster of stamen at its center.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color and the inner stamen is the color black.

this flower has petals that are large pointed and dark red.
this is a large red petaled flower with pionts and a small green pistil
the flower has green and red petals with green pollen tubes
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has several large, pointed red petals with leaflike veins.
this is a red flower with thick and long petals with yellow stamens and thick green leaves.
this flower has bright red petals with small florets of yellow and bright green leaves.
this flower has large leafy bright red petals with a yellow inside.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has dark lines

this flower has petals that are red with a white and orange style
this flower has large red petals and a large white stigma in the middle
this flower's petal is red and heart shaped, framing a tall white pistil.
this flower is red and white in color, with with only one large petal.
the flower is made of a leaf that is red in color and has green stems.
this flower has a single bright red large petal with a very big pistil with a yellow stigma.
this flower is white and red in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
this flower has bright red petals and a short green pedicel
this flower has strangely shaped petals with white and red on them.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style

the stamen are outside the flower and it is generally purple in color.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has many filaments and purple petals that surround it
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy stamen
the blooms of the flower are in clusters and is light purple in color.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink stamen
this flower has small purple petals and long white stamens.
this flower has smooth and round pale purple petals, pale purple filaments, and gold anthers.

this flower's purple colour is lovely and the leaves are pointy petals by the many.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has dozens of thin, pointed, purple petals projecting up in a circle from the ball-shaped pedicel which is covered in sharp spines.
this is a purple flower with no obvious petals, but the purple parts are long and narrow.
this flower has a long and thin purple pedal, and a light purple anther filament
this flower has a large number of very narrow and long light purple petals.
this flower has petals that are green and has string stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are point and spike like in shape.
this flower has a pointed green base and a fringe of hair like purple on top.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has a lot of red petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has many layered and bunched red petals with a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has many red overlapping pedals with a green sepal.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this red flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red anmd are ruffled together
this flower has short pink petals with jagged top edges arranged in an irregular bunch.

the flower shown has small yellow petals with dark purple pistil in the center
this flower has a brown center surrounded by several overlapping layers of long yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are layered.
the long pointed petals of this flower are a brilliant yellow color and shoot out from a brown flower center highlighted with small yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow with brown stamen
group of dull yellow colored pedal flowers with a brown center.
this flower has layers of oblong yellow petals in a ray-shaped arrangement.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are layered on top of eachother.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen

this heart shaped flower has a long yellow stem in the center.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has one large, heart shaped petal with a large and white bumpy pistil.
the flower has a lager love shaped petal that is red in color
this flower has a large red petal with a large white stigma
this flower has red petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long stigma
a flower with one shiny, large red petal in the shape of a heart surrounding a long cob like pistil.
a flower that a wide petal that is the color red.
this dark red flower has petals that are rounded at the top and pointed at the bottom with a pale yellow pistil.

this flower has a lot of thin and long yellow petals and a bright yellow stamen
the flower has many yellow petals that surround a yellow ovary.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched on top of each other.
this large yellow flower has lots of little fluttery petals and a yellow center
the flower is made of layers of petals that are yellow in color.
this bright yellow flower has lots of very small petals in a multiple layers and arranged in a disk shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has layers of very thin, round-edged yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow pistil.

bright red and orange petals surrounding a white pistil.
the flower has petals that are red with orange edges.
this is a large brightly colored flower that forms a cluster at the top of red flowers that have yellow veins.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has bright red and yellow petals with small white stamen.
this flower has large fan like petals that have yellow edges and a large white stigma.
this flower has wide, small red petals with dark veins and orange accents.
these flowers have clustered orange petals on a brown pedicel.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
a flower with short and round petals that is a bright orange.

this is a white flower with long oval petals
the petals of the flower are white in color and are elongated and alternate as they go around.
the beautiful flower has petals that are long thick and white and also the petals are separately arranged around the stamen
a white flower with long lengthy pedals.
this flower has several layers of long, thin white petals.
this flower has ray-like formation of oblong smooth white petals.
this large flower has many long white petals that resemble fingers.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
this flower has long and very smooth white petals in very bright white.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
there are many yellow petals and you can not see the sepal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is ruffled together
a cluster of ruffled yellow petals with dark green pointed leaves.
this bright yellow flower is round, with ruffled petals that are layered, and no visible center, pollen tube, or stigma.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
four wide white petals are arranged around a delicate cluster of yellow stamen, against a backdrop of narrow dark green foliage.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center
the flower shown has smooth round white petals which is its dominant feature
a white flower with large individual pedals and a long golden stigma.
this flower has large white petals that are fan shaped and a clump of yellow stamen.
paper thin, crinkled petals surround pale yellow stamen.
this flower has large off white, fan-like petals, with thin, bright yellow stamen in their center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this bright white flower features a prominent yellow textured center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the flower shown has white petals with yellow stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has a double row of long white petals surrounding yellow stamen.
the flower has white multiple petals with short deep gold multiple stamen.
this flower is characterized by its white petals, and its bright yellow pistil.
this disk shaped flower has many white petals along with a bright yellow center.
there is a circular row of white petals with a bright yellow pistil

this flower has red pistil and small red petals as its main features
a cluster of peach flowers with no visible anther filaments or pistils showing.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red with red stigma
leaves are green in color,petals are red in color with smaller stamens
this flower has smooth petals that are rounded in shape and small in size in an overlapping wheel pattern.
the flower has red round petals with wavy edges and red stamen.
these small, thin-petaled red flowers are all bunched up together, and their stamens and pistils are barely visible.
this flower has small red petals that are bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this trumpet like flower has a wide purple tube shape with curled petals at its mouth.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped
this flower is trumpet shaped with purple petals and white stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has bell shaped blossoms that are purple in color with green sepals.
the purple petals are slightly curled on the edges and form a tube which surrounds the stamens.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and is bell shaped
this flower is a trumpet shaped bell with purple petals that lift and drop.

the flower has orange petals with white anther located in the center
this flower has round, orange petals and a white pistil.
the petals are orange in color rounded shapes and larger anthers
broad orange petals with a seedy looking center
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have small veins.
this is a pale yellow orange flower with several leaves and filaments that are in the middle.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
fan shaped orange with red highlighted pedals surrounding a green stamen.
this flower has four orange petals that are smooth and rounded.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are very small.
a flower with individual intersected blue five pointed petals and with a white pedicel.
the flower has petals that are light purple and shaped like a spherical lattice.
the flower petals are needle shapd and are purple in color
the flower shown has a green pedicel with a white and purple petals in a circular formation
a purple and gray flower with a round shape and a gray stem.
this flower has a rounded globe of blossoms for tiny purple blooms.
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are blue and are very thin
this flower has a thick white stem and a globe-like shape with small blue petals all around it.

the flower has a set of bell shaped petals with its inner core filled with black dots.
this flower has tall purple petals that have a lot of spots on the inside
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has several trumpet shaped purple blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
the flower has bright purple petals with dark and white spots on them
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted on the inside.
this flower has dropping purple petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
these flowers have a round light purple petals with brown spots in the middle of them.

the flower petals has purple and white petals with yellow in the middle.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by five rounded white petals with purple centers, and five pointed white petals with purple tips.
the flower stamen are yellow in color with large anthers
the petals of this flower are white and red with a long stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has white petals with purple spots on them.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple and white.
this flower has rounded and spiked petals of white and purple.

this flower's petals form a pinwheel shape and the petals are white with a bit of light yellow near the center.
this flower has think white petals that turn yellow at their base.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white shading
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is white and has petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged overlapping each other and forming a disc like shape
this flower has a spiraling configuration of five smooth white and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this tree flower has five spade shaped petals that are yellow toward the center and whiten toward the tip and are aligned in a spiral.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with yellow center.

flowers are alternately arranged with yellow petals
this are bright yellow flowers with tongues are in a cluster and that cluster often forms spikes.
this flower has small yellow petals and no visible outer stamen or stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the flower has yellow petals with green sepal and a green pedicel
this flower has frilly petals of bright yellow with a touch of orange.
this flower has puffy yellow petals with a fringe to them.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has large curvy yellow petals on top of a green pedicel.
this flower has bright yellow petals that have a smooth surface and rounded edges that are folded in different ways.

this flower is purple and red in color, and has petals that are striped.
this is a purple skinny flower with red pollen pods.
the stamen area is red and green and the petals are purple
this flower has a large, bristly brown center and many downwards pointing long, thin purple petals.
a flower with long purple petals and clustered deep red stamen
this flower is pink and red in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
this flower has long purple petals which are shaped like thin ovals.
this flower has thin purple petals and a small cone-shaped pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red stamen
this flower has a thick brown center and down-turned petals of thin purple.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are pink with a large stigma
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has pink petals and the pistil and steman growing above the petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly magenta in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has pink petals that has a big yellow style
this flower has a large yellow style with a bulbous stigma in the center of five rounded pink petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are white and round and the stamens are yellow.
this is a flower with large flat white petals and a yellow pistil.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has flat white petals and very yellow stamen at the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has large, rounded, white petals and many yellow stamen in the center.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant white, and the numerous stamens are a vibrant yellow color.

this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower has purple petals and a deep purple pistil.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has large purple petals and some white stamen in the middle
this flower has purple petals and is in the shape of a star.
this flower has white stamen, blue anther filaments and purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
a flower with it's soft purple petals arranged in a star with white anther filament.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has blue petals with slightly darker veins and they're arranged in a star-like shape.

a flower with many petals of various sizes and all colored purple.
the petals of the flower are lavender while the anthers on the inside are yellow.
a huge bundle of light purple flowers that start very small and become larger as they work their way out.
this beauty has purple petals with a hint of yellow in its stamen.
the petal shown has purple petals and a long green pedicel
a flower with purple petals with small yellow stamens nestled in the middle petals.
this light purple flower has dense petals and a green pedicel.
a purplish small petals flowers with yellow pistils and the pedicel are green
this flower has multiple rows of varying sized light purple petals.
this flower has layers of very small and very ruffled petals in pale purple.

dark paddle with a dark purple middle green leaves
the petals on this flower are not separated like others and are pink
this flower has petals that are pink with short stamen
the bright pink flower has several interconnected petals with purple stamen.
the flower is dark pink with fused petal that is soft, smooth and enclosing stamens
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, fused and has stamen sticking out from the centre
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
these are large cone shaped flowers that have reddish petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has bright pink petals that form a funnel-like shape and short white stamen.
this flower has pink petals with some red lines on them

this large flower has several long, pale purple petals which have slightly ruffled edges.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has petals that are pink with dark pink filaments.
what an amazingly beautiful and delicate purple and blue flower that's soft to the touch and aesthetic to the eye
a flower with large ruffled purple petals with orange interior and white stamen.
this is a purple flower with six petals that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
this flowers has purple leaves with one leaf having a distinctive pattern.
this flower has purple petals, some of which are thin ovals, some of which are wide frilly ovals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading
this flower has five purple petals with vibrant ovule.

long stem with tubes shaped for flowers which are red in color and closed petals.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this bright flower has long pointed petals that branch off from a center point, with an equal length leaf from the base of the plant.
this flower is a bright red, and its petals are long and pointed.
this flower has petals that are red and very tine
the red flower petals flourished in an upward motion
this flower has a tall column-like shape consisting of many layers of oblong red petals.
a red flower with it's floppy red petals moving up a thing green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has vertical layers of soft red fringe-like petals.

the flower shown has stringy purple petals which are its dominant feature
the inner petals are light purple in color and are needle shaped
the petals of this flower are purple with a large stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
this purple flower has a base of string-like leaves with a white stamen in a criss-cross pattern.
this flower has purple petals and a wide fringe of hair-like purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has very fine, curl ended vivid purple petals and yellow stamen.

very pointy and is the color purple with yellow inside.
this flower has a long and pink petal with a bright yellow stamen
around many yellow stamen are numerous upright pink petals; the sepals are white towards the inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by long, upturned pink petals.
the petals of this flower are pink and white and the stamen are bright yellow.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink and white.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this pink flower has pointed petals and yellow stamens in the center.
this flower has pink and white leaves, yellow anther filaments and bright green leaves.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this is a round flower with bright red petals on it.
the flower is red with petals that are starting as tube and gradually flaring out as separate petals forming disc like shape
this flower has a large red petal with green pedicel
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has red layered petals with white stamen in the center of it.
this flower has large red ruffled petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has a funnel-like shape with very bright red petals that have slightly irregular edges.

flower has many petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flowers have long green pedicels that are thin and yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin and stringy
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals.
this flower has a narrow green pedicel and multiple rows of yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
the petals of the flower are long and narrow, and are a vibrant yellow color.
lots of yellow petals some long some short and green stem.

this flower has petals that are purple with stringy purple stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
the petals on this flower are long and have a round tip and the middle has many filaments
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
the flower is so big with petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner below the disc of purple curly stamens
the petals on this flower are mostly wild purple, and yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower has oblong purple petals underneath a layer of wavy purple filaments.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has petals that are white with yellow filaments.
this beautiful flower has white and pink petals
the flower consists of white, pointy petals around an inner layer of yellow petals.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and pink towards the center.
the petals of this flower are white with yellow stigmas
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has large white petals with large yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly white, and yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower has thick yellow filaments surrounded by white and pink petals.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and the middle is white.
this flower has petals that are pink at pointy at the ends
this flower has long and pointy petals and long white stamen in the middle
the petals on the flower are spiked up with a pinkish tip and a large middle
this flower features a large, flat center of white surrounded by numerous sharply pointed pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
these flowers are opened very wide with pointy, thick petals that are white and light pink in color.
this flower has multiple rows of thick pink sepals with a wide and flat center.

this flower has petals that are white with many layers
this flower has layers of white petals with green stem and pointed leaves.
the petals of the flower are white in color and overlap each other in structure.
this flower has many petals that are overlapping and white.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled around the ovule.
this flower has ruffled white petals that fold into a swirl
this flower has numerous layers of white petals which fold inwards towards the ovule.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has pure white petals in many layers that enclose the center of the flower.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and thin.

a spiky pedaled flower surrounding a large white and green center.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with pointed tips
the flower shown has red pointy petals which is its dominant feature
the petals are red in color with spiky stamen around a prominent stigma
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
a flower with a broad base with many green and white stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are red.
this flower has many stamen which point straight up and are dark in color, which are surrounded by many petals that are pointy ended and red-brown in color.
this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that are pointed and sharp.

the flowers petals are a very light pink with a rounded edge and the stamen filaments are white at the bottom and yellow on the top.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has smooth white petals with yellow anther as its main features
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
a light pink flower with golden and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and overlapping pale pink petals.
this white flower has petals as well as a stamen.

the flower shown has small pink petals with white pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are white near the center.
these flowers have soft purple petals and a few stamens.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
a flower with small petals that is sitting on a long pedicel.
this flower has pink petals , a white ovule, and dark green and broad leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
a flower with short and wide petals that are light purple.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folkded together
this flower has multiple layers of large ruffled petals that are primarily yellow with white near the center.
this flower's crinkly yellow petals have a small spot of white in the middle.
this yellow flower has large petals and yellow stamens.
a large dull yellow and white bell shaped flower on a flat base.
this flower has many rows of yellow ruffled petals, with larger petals at the bottom.
this flower has wide and rounded yellow petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has ruffled edges
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.

these flower has orange and yellow petals with little purple seeds
each bloom in this blossom has five petals, they are yellow to dark red in color, and the center parts are white.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this is a flower that has orange petals and white stigma.
this flower has medium sized rounded red petals and fat brown anther
this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has rounded red petals, red stamen, and a green pedicel.
this red, orange and yellow flower has rounded petals and white anthers.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red shading
this flower has red and orange petals as well as a white stamen.

the flower has petals that are shiny and red with red stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower features large crinkled purple petals cupping a cluster of yellow stamen.
a flower with a pink petals yellow stamen and red stigma and the sepals are green
this flower has wide and rounded petals of soft red with prominent wrinkles and veins.
this flower has wax like large petals colored in deep red with a large stamen and cluster of yellow anther.
this flower has four soft red circular petals and a red and orange pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.

a white a red stripped flower with long pointed petals and long white filament.
the flower has large petals that have pink and white stripes.
this flower has thick white and purple petals as its main feature.
there are many white stamen with large anther, with six pink and white strips petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink line
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white stamen and white petals with red stripes.
the red and white striped petals are long and pointed and form a vase shape around light pink stamen.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower has petals that are purple and sharp looking
the flower has spiky green petals that are long and thin as well as sharp.
the flowers appears to be of a wild specie with the sepals being visible.
this flower has spiky petals and are green it also has a round pistil
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
a long layered pistil is surrounded by petals that are long and pointy and petals that have a green underside and are white on top.
the petals of this flower are sharp green and white and the pistil is tube like
this pale green weed has many jagged thin leaves with a large thick pistol in the middle.
this flower has spiky white and green petals, the center is green and looks spiky as well.
this flower has thin spiky green petals and a large green spiky ovule.

the flower has spiky thin petals that are light purple colored.
this flower is purple and blue in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
instead of traditional petals, this flower has long, thin, string-like petals of light blue violet color.
this flower has hundreds of needle-like purple petals around a dark green ovule.
this flower has an abundance of very thin and long purple petals
the petals on this flower are mostly indigo in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has thick purple sepals with lots of very skinny light blue petals.

this is a group of white flowers, with spider shaped centers.
the flower has separated petals that are white and forming a bow-tied shape
an intricate design of pinks, whites, and yellows adorn the centers of these white petals with long stigma.
a small white flower with smal petals that is on a small pedicel
this is a very cool flower with very bold white on the petals and a very unique middle.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink patches
the petals of the flower are a vibrant white color, and the petals form a distinct fan shape.
white flower petals on a long stem with anther filament in the middle.
this flower has large white petals with a smooth texture and edges.
this is a white flower with wide petals and a pink and yellow pistil.

this flower has petals that are blue with layers and green stamen
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
the flower has violet petals that are pointed and dense.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and purple with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed and blue.
this flower has thin green sepals with blue petals and green stamen.
a star shaped purple flower with two layers of petals under a dark colored ovule.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the anthers are over a round structure, with long purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this is a flower with eight pale pink petals and a yellow center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has long pink petals that are jagged at the ends.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven on the tips.
the flower has thin wavy purple petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of light pink petals with slightly notched ends.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this petal has light pink petals and a very golden yellow pistil

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by a fringe of very thin yellow petals.
the flower petals are needle shaped and are yellow in color with the smaller stamen
the flower has many petals that are this and yellow.
these bright flowers have many yellow strip petals and stamen.
this flower has very long, thin, yellow petals with very short stamen that are a gold color.
this flower has hundred of yellow needle like petals around its yellow stamen.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and large yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a reddish brown pedicel.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen and black lines
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has dark purple petals with yellow markings as its main feature
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow in the center.
this flower has five smooth rounded petals in shades of purple with yellow accents.
the flower has round soft petals that are purple, blue, and white.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are striped near the center.
the flower has large flat purple petals with dark purple lines and a yellow spot towards the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
a large purple and white pedals of a flower with a golden center and dark lines.

this orange and black flower has ting black stamen and dark green sepal.
this flower has long pointed golden yellow petals and a dark colored circular pistil .
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around clustered stamens
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the long, golden petals surround a circular cluster of dark brown stamen.
the petals of this flower are long and yellow and the pistil is big and black
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has long tapered yellow petals around black stamen and a black pistil.
this flower has yellow petals with dark brown stamen in the center of it.

this star-shaped flower has blue and green peddles and a white stigma.
these trumpet shaped flowers are a deep blue color with five ruffled, slightly pointed petals.
the flower has a green pollen tube with blue petals.
a flower with blue petals and brown anther filaments and pistils.
the petals are blue along the ruffled outer edge and have white and darker blue centers surrounding a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stripes
a purple star shaped flower with a dark purple center.
this blue flower has pointed petals and white stamen with white anthers.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has a star shape and is trumpet-like with wide ruffled mouth.

thus flower has many yellow stamen surrounded by long tapered red petals.
the flower has orange petals with yellow stamen in the center of the flower
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large orange petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the center
the flower has many stamen with larger anthers that are yellow in color
this burn orange flower has many pedals that surround a large center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are burnt orange
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are orange and the pedicel is short and green
a flower with orange color petals, disc floret bud and the pedicel are green

this flower has many yellow stamen surrounded by overlapping layers of founded, slightly ruffled pink petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has smooth pink petals with yellow stamen in the center
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has pink petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has large pink petals and long yellow stamens.
a pink and white flower and a large golden center.

this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oriented like a star.
the petals are color white with yellow color on the base.
this flower has 5 light yellow petals making up it's pin wheel like form.
delicate oval petals in white with faded yellow bases form a pinwheel around no discernable sex organs.
thick white smooth petals with pale yellow in on the inside of each petal revealing a star shaped orange pistil.
this flower has very smooth rounded white petals with a pale yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
these flowers have white and yellow petals in a pinwheel formation.
this flower has white and yellow petals with a very smooth texture.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has orange and yellow petals as its main feature
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has spiraling layers of smooth round yellow petals with blush colored edges.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
this flower has delicate smooth yellow petals that overlap with orange edges.
this yellow and red flower has many densely layered rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow with orange tips.
this flower has yellow petals with orange tips on the outer petals, all spiraled around a central point.

this flower has many dark orange petals in an outer row surrounding a prominent group of yellow stamen.
the flower petals are dull orange in color with large yellow colored stigma and anthers
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a single row of burnt-orange petals surround a contrasting center of deep yellow stamens.
this flower has an orange petal with a dark yellow group of anthers in the middle
this flower has many separate petals that are long and dark orange and it has many yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this orange flower has pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has short petals and lots of anthers.
this dark orange flower has small overlapping petals and prominent yellow anthers.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow towards the center
the flower shown has red and yellow petals with dark yellow pistil
the flower is orange and has soft petals that are surround stamens in the centre
the orange disc shaped flower has petals that are separately arranged around stamens
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and multi colored.
this flower has petals that are oraand has yellow shading
the pedtals are brite orange with yellow accents and a dark center.
the stamen of the flower is long, and resembles small feathers, and are a light yellow color.
the bright orange petals are yellow near the yellow stamens.

this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
the flower shown has yellow petals with yellow pistil as well
this is a yellow flower with long and saggy petals on it.
a yellow flower with ruffled and rumpled petals and no visible stamen or pistils.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has wide and soft yellow petals whose edges are slightly rounded.
a solid yellow full bloom bearded iris with bright green leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has yellow petals and large sepal that point up.

petals are yellow in color,they are larger and broader in size
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stigma
what i think is unique about this flower bright canary petals and its cranberry stigma.
the petals are yellow with some small white pistils in the center.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has small, smooth orange petals with delicate ruffling.
flower with long green pedicel ending in cluster of small yellow petals, red center, short stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches

a strange looking flower with purple petals and no visible pistils.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are stacked on top of each other.
this flower has a chevron pattern of sepals from which protrude violet petaled blossoms.
the sepals are green in color and the ptlas are leaf shapd and maroon in color
the purple petals have a thatched design that hide the usually identifiable parts of the flower such as the pistil and the stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the deep maroon petals of this flower alternate in a striated pattern down to the long green sepals.
this flower has a purple vertical chevron of waxy stem holding violet petals.
long slim waxy maroon leaves that stack and alternate left to right nine times on each side and tapper in length towards the top.
a flower with long narrow petals in two rows that are dark purple.

the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has large green stamen and pollen tube, and fringed purple hairlike petals, surrounded by longer white and purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are purple with many stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with lavender petals and lavender squiggly pistils showing.
this flower has rounded pale purple petals and a fringe of frizzy purple hairs.
this flower has flat purple petals with purple stringy stamen forming from the center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals that has stringy stamen and as yellow style
the petals are long and thin and purple and form a flat flower.

the star shaped flower is violet and has soft, smooth and separated petals that are arranged in disc like manner around the stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has large purple petals and little white stamen in the middle of it
the purple flower has leaf-shaped purple petals, yellow stigma, and pink anthers.
this flower has large pointy petals with a whitish purple filament and anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white lines
the flower has pointed purple petals in the shape of a starburst and yellow stamens.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has seven light purple petals that surround a white stamen.
the flower has purple petals arranged around the center in a star shape.

this flower has a single layer of rounded petals that are darker pink toward the center and lighter pink toward the outer edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with darker patches
this is a small flower with pink petals and no stigma.
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a red center
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has pale pink petals that overlap each other and there is a pit for the pistil in the center.
five light pink petals with dark red coloring near the center.
these flowers have light pink on the outer edges of the leaves, which gets darker towards the pistil and stamen.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this f;ower has long white petals that grow away from the center and fold back at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with purple shading
tall, hat looking, blue flower.
leaves are green in color,flower is light purple in color
this flower has a white color with a little lavender coloration toward the ends.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has white petals that form into a bell shapee
a flower with one petal that is connected and curled outwards.
this flower has short green spiky sepals holding its all white bell shaped petals.

this flower has petals that are red and very small
the flower on the stalk is purple and yellow and has green leaves.
the flower has red and yellow petals that are small and thin.
the flower shown has a yellow pistil with purple pedicel
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has thick red stems with soft, small yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
flower consisting of a red primary stalk, made of narrow petals, with yellow curly flowers blossoming from the stalk.
there are very small reddish brown pedals with green stamen poking through the pedals.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.

this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
this flower has petals with pink and purple petals respectively.
this flower's petals can range from pink in hue to a dark purple, with the intensity increasing towards the center of the flower and resembling streaks of ink.
the purple and pink flowers with dark centers have floppy petals and a deep center.
the three flowers are white petals with purple and pink lines.
a few flowers with purple and pink pedals, and a star shape look.
these flowers consist of ruffled , variegated petals with a white background and pink or purple streaks.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines
this flower has five smooth rounded pale purple petals with darker purple veined patterns.
this flower has light purple and pink petals with green stamen.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has thin yellow petals which create a wide shape and cover the internal parts.
this flower has petals that are thin and yellow with yellow stamen.
this bright yellow flower has multiple petals arranged in many concentric rows, deeply notched leaves, and round clusters of white hairy seeds.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has very thin bright yellow petals in layered rings.

sepals are green in color,leaves are green in color and the petals are red in color
this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the red petals on this flower face upward and stick out all around it.
this flower has petals that are red with many layers bunched together
this flower has a vertical chevron pattern of smooth shiny red petals.
this flower has bright red petals, a large green pistil, and long yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has red petals as well as a red pistil.
this tropical plant has large green leaves and thick red petals that appear to climb each other straight up.
this flower has petals that are red and is bunched together

this flower has petals that are orange with a yellow center
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
the flower shown has yellow and orange petals with green pedicel
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has many orange slender petals that change to a yellow color at the base with yellow orange stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a flower with orange-pink petals and bright yellow stamen
this flower has a double row of orange with yellow highlighted petals surrounding a yellowish stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are thin and layered.
the dark orange color on the wide, sturdy petals graduate to yellow in the center.

the flower has large purple petals with a large white pollen tube
this purple flower has large and thick petals and white and purple pistils.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
a beautiful light purple flower with a white center flower
this interesting flower has triangle shaped petals which surround the two white flower-like stamen and the plain looking pistil.
this flower has lavender petals with budding fowers in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
the petals of the flower are pink in color has smaller flowers that are white in color.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has purple receptacles with very small white petals in a ring.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
these pink and white blooms with serrated edges grow in tight clusters.
the frilly pink and white petals of this flower surround several pink stamen in the middle.
this flower has small white and pink petals and white pistil as its main features
this flower has pink petals, pinkish filament, purple anther, and green pedicel and sepal.
a flower with short and jagged petals that are pink and whtie.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and ruffled
this flower has a combination of pink and white petals in a wheel formation with slightly jagged edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has pink and white colored petals that overlap each other with white stamen in the center.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow in the center
the flower has a beautifully shaped petals which is mostly white in color.
the flower shown has white petals, and several white stamen.
this flower has bright white petals with a yellow ovary and a white stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the white petals form a flat circle around tiny, white stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
a round large white flower with a small yellow stamen.

a large orange petal shaped like a potato chip and a green pedicel attached to it.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are large and rounded.
this flower has bright yellow petals with an orange tint at the tips and a green pedicel.
yello leaf looking petals and a red stamen with green pedicels.
this flower has slightly curved, pointed yellow petals with leaflike striations.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has one broad orange petal with other smaller orange petals going down a green long narrow pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has large brightly colored yellow petals with prominent veins.

this flower has several large, oddly shaped white petals with faint yellow hints at their centers.
this small puffy flower is white with a yellow tint at the tip.
the flower of the plant is made of white petals that have a small detail of yellow.
a flower that has white petals with some tones of yellow and green filaments
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has large and very smooth white petals whose surface is slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
a light yellow flower with light yellow petals that wrapped around it's center.
this flower has white different shaped petals that get some yellow on them closer to the pistil and stamen.
this flower has light green pedicels and smooth white petals.

this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the thin purple petals radiate outward from large yellow stamen, against a thick backdrop of green oblong leaves.
this flower has large green stamen and pistil surrounded by a purple fringe and white petals with rounded tips.
this flower has long purple petals and long purple stamen coming out
this particular flower has petals that are thin and pointy with purple on it and a yellow center
this flower has rounded pale green petals under a fringe of purple and white.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy stamen
the petals of this flower are a ring of delicate purple fringe bursting out from a light green ovule surrounded by five stamen with speckled filaments and light yellow anther, a white three-pronged pistol with light green stigma in the center.
this flower has a row of elongated purple petals below a row of squiggley long lavender white and purple petals.

the flower has a very thick set of orange petals with it's inner parts a light yellow color.
the petals look like dangerous spikes with orange and yellow colors.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this exotic and interesting flower has vibrant colors of orange and distinct petal shape.
this flower is black, orange, and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has large thick and very spiky petals in a bright orange hue.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed.
the tropical flower has blooms that are orange in color attached to a green colored stem.
this flower has bright orange petals that are long with spiky ends.

this flower has many skinny yellow petals with a prominent yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
a firework shaped flower with thing, long yellow petals and dark yellow stamen.
lots of long thin spiky pale yellow petals surrounding an inner circle of curled yellow florets
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has very thin yellow petals in a ring configuration.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has many long thin yellow petals and an abundance of yellow pistils and stamens.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is tan and red in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals on this flower are yellow with numerous red dots.
a flower with large individual red speckled orange petals and frilled orange and red stamen.
the petals of the flower are made of the colors yellow with red specks.
this flower has long red and yellow stamen surrounded by six distinctly separated, slightly pointed petals in yellow with red spots.
this flower has five elongated yellow petals with red spots and three yellow reddish stamen.
this flower has orange and red petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are covered in water.
this flower has yellow petals with red dots on them with and stamen in the center.
this flower has yellow petals that have purple dots on them

this flower has approximately twenty long slender yellow petals that are yellow around the center which is a dark brown.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped and skinny.
this flower has long thin yellow petals and a lot of black anthers
the dark toned stigma stands out next to the vibrant long petals.
this large flower has long yellow petals and a thick black center.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower features a dark brown stigma surrounded by bright yellow petals
this flower has yellow petals with a brown shaped ball in the middle
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

the flower has petals that are large red and overlapping.
th petals are red in color and capsule shapd and the sepals are green in color
this flower is flat and the red petals lay flat and create one flat ovular formation.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has a lot of red petals piled up on one another, and has no stigma in sight
this flower is red in color, with vertically layered petals.
this flower has pinecone-shaped purple petals and light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower has tightly woven red petals that appear to flare out at some point.
this flower is red and cone shaped with layered petals.

the petals on this flower are unique because they go outward and has a visible pistil
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with patches of white and green
the flower shown has petals white filament with white and red petals
this flower has two layers of large pink petals with vertical white stripes in their centers.
this particular flower has petals that are short and white with a light green center
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has orange striped petals and light green filaments.
this flower has white and pink petals with a green ovary and white filaments with yellow anthers.
the stamens of the flower are tall and thin, and have a light green tone.

this flower has a large brown center surrounded by numerous yellow petals which are long and pointed.
many long pointed yellow petals surrounding a dark brown center with a long green stem.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are curved backward.
this interesting flower has long thick yellow petals and a dark brown center.
this yellow flower has one row of petals and multiple dark brown anthers in the center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and skinny.
dark brown stigma with thin yellow petals with green thin pedicel
this flower has long golden yellow petals and a long green pedicel
this flower has a round brown center and tapered long yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

the flower shown has several red petals and red anthers.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has a large yellow pistil surrounded by wide and ruffled red petals with rounded shapes.
this flamboyant flower is composed of round, scarlet petals that ruffle around a bright yellow center. the yellow filament are topped with red anther.
this flower has petals that are red and has an yellow center
the petals of this flower are dark red, yellow pistil, and have a short green pedicel
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this red and yellow flower has rounded petals and yellow and red stamen.
these petals are loose, wrinkled and red, with white tinging on the inside edge.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this is a flower with round shaped orange petals on it.
this flower has green pistil and orange petals as its main features
this is an orange flower with orange stigma and yellow near the ovary.
the petals of the flower are wide and short, and are a bold red color.
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow middle
this flower has large and very rounded red petals with slight vein creases.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and rounded.

the flower has many petals and the stamen are very short
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
red and orange pedals white middle green leaves
the flowers has a set of different colored petals from red, orange and yellow in color.
these flowers have petals which have yellow, orange and red on them.
the petals of this flower are orange and gold and the stamen are white.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
the flower has a orange and red petals with round berry around the pollen tube
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.

this pale pink flower has delicate petals and pink stamens with yellow tips.
this flower is light pink in color and has big round overlapping petals and a big bunch of stamen in the center.
the petals of the flower are layered and are pink in color with white filaments and brown anthers.
the flower shown has pink petals with purple anther and pink filament
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and round.
the delicate pink flower lays open on the green leaves.
this flower has light pink petals and a large number of white stamen with yellow anthers.
this small flower has smooth pink overlapping petals with a cluster of stamen with yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stigma
this flower has orange anther filaments, white stamen and light pink petals, and dark green leather textured leaves.

this flower has a bright pink petal and is without a visible stamen
a flower with pink petals and no pistils or anther filaments in sight.
a flower with bright pink petals with no set pattern, green sepals, and with green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
these unique bright pink blossoms are set against mottled greyish green leaves.
a hot pink flower with thick oval petals and no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.
these flowers have long, thin, magenta pink petals and black styles.
the delicate, rounded petals have not fully opened to reveal the stamen and anthers.
this flower is pink in color, with curly and oval shaped petals.

the flower itself resemble a miniature, budding pinecone with bright red coloring.
this flower has petals that are red and very small
this flower has petals that are bright red looking combs.
leaves are green in color,flowers are red in color and are overllaping
this flower has long red petals and no visible outer stamen on it
this flower has spiky red cone shaped blossoms with many small petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
these red flowers grow in a spear formation, with a fluffy red coloring instead of seperate petals, and they grow in clusters.
this flower has small and red petals that are bunched together
a flower that is surround by long pointed leaves that are green.

this peach-colored flower has several layers of oblong overlapping petals coalescing in a yellow pistil.
the flower has peach colored petals that have stripes in the middle.
this flower has many layers of pink petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are pink with patch of yellow
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of pale orange petals which are yellow along the edges.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with ovalshaped petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
the petals on this flower are mostly pink in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

the flower has red and yellow petals with a greed pedicel
this flower has many overlapping petals that are yellow around the edge, but are mostly orange and two yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow trim
this vibrant orange and yellow flower is bell shaped and petaly.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and orange
this flower has brightly colored petals that are largely orange with yellow edges.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has yellow petals that have orange tints on them

this flower has petals that are white and yellow steman
this flower has five wide white petals with rounded edges surrounding numerous yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
five pale purple tear-shaped petals surround a cluster of yellow stamen and a prominent green pistil.
the petals are arranged around the long stamens that have yellow anthers.
this flower has white petals with yellow stamen in the middle embedded on green leaves.
this is a white flower with five petals and many yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow, white, and purple in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the white petals are teardrop shaped and surround yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the flowers has a set of 4 petals that are mostly yellow in color but orange towards the edges.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower's petals are a golden yellow color and it grows in bunches.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a tiny bit of red
what i like about this flower is its various shape petals and the contrasting colors.
this flower has a red receptacle and four bright orange petals that are nearly round and overlapping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower is small and has a few saffron yellow soft petals on its tiny center with white tiny filaments sticking out .
this yellow orange and red flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower has small and rounded orange petals with thin red veins.

this flower has pink petals and spike up and cover the middle nicely
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
the flower has petals that are tight, overlapping and bright pink.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the petals on this flower are purple with a green pedicel
a flower with long and wide petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several folded layers
this flower has wide and vertically striated layers of upturned pink petals.
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
the petals on this plant go upward and are red and has no visible middle
this flower has bright red petals and a green receptacle.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has multiple layers of red petals that wrap tighter closer to the pistil.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant red, and the tips of the petal are slightly rounded.
the featured flower has varying colors from pink to red.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together

this flower has bright pink petals with yellow highlights.
this flower is red and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals on this flower are pink and yellow and the flower has a green mossy pedicel
the petals are pink with a hint of orange on them.
this flower has a large red petal with yellow spots on it and no visible stigma
this flower has large and round red petals with mottled accents of orange.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yelow shading
the color of this flowers petals are mainly purple with a tint of yellow as well.
this flower has wavy petals that are varying shades of red and yellow.

this flower is bright pink in color, and has petals that are pink with a little white on the sides.
this set of pinkish-white flower petals cover the darker, blackish interior and stem.
flower has circular pink petals and a dark brown pedicel.
the petals are smooth and oval shaped with a solid dark pink color while the pedicels are of a dark brown color.
a wide, smooth, pink petals that are growing upwards
this flower has a long dark purple pedicel with pink smooth petals.
vibrant dark pink petals that reach to the sky atop a long stem.
this flower is pin kin color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower has bright pink petals with rounded edges that are arranged in an upright position.

this flower has light purple petals which turn a darker purple toward the center.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are connected to each other.
this purple and violet flower has soft petals which are slightly ruffled.
the petals are dark purple in the center and get lighter as they reach the edge.
the flower shown has purple petals with a purple pedicel
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower, and the colors are just way beautiful, peddles are shaped odd but awesome.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright and dark purple.
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is white with dark purple markings.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

the petals, anthers, pistil, stamen, and style of the flower are all yellow in color.
this vibrant yellow-petaled flower is the same shade throughout its exterior.
bright yellow flower with large round petals, and same brightly colored pistil.
the flower shown has yellow petals as well as yellow anther and filament
this is a yellow flower with round petals and yellow pollen tubes
this flower has shiny yellow petals that are rounded, smooth, and cupped slightly upward.
this bright yellow flower has large petals with a spider on it
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a satellite shape
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the flower has a large smooth yellow petal as well as yellow stamen.

the petals are pure white with slight tints of yellow at the edges.
pedicel is green inc olor,prominent yellow pistil and white petals
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this bowl-shaped white flower has one big pistil and a few stamens.
numerous slender petals reach upward - white oval petals tipped with deep pink around a bright yellow, trumpet-shaped pistil.
this flower has long white petals and large yellow pistil with brown spots at the end.
this white flower has a yellow pistil and the edges of the petals are purple
the flower has white petals with a yellow spotted pistol in the shape of a mike.
this flower has thick white petals and a large yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are orange with yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light orange petals with a lot of yellow tipped stamen in the center.
this brightly colored orange flower has petals and anther that are nearly the same color.
this flower has orange petals as well as yellow stamen.
this flower has orange petals that curl up around the edges downward.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this bright flower has orange overlapping petals and multiple bright yellow stamen.
this flower has wide orange petals with yellow center and orange tips.

scalloped white petals with deep light pink petals under them with a bright yellow pistil and large deep green sepals.
a primarily white petaled flower with purple outer petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has bright white petals with yellow anther and purple sepal
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
flower has pink petals at the bottom and white petals above the pink ones and teello pistils in the middle
this flower has pink oblong sepals underneath layers of white oblong petals in a cupped formation.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals, pink sepals and yellow stamen.
the flower has yellow stamen and white oval pointed petals.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled upward.

this flower has orange and red mouth colors surrounded by pink petals with ruffled edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped on the inside.
this pink flower is drooping and has a yellow and red center.
this flower has pink petals that flare outward and a brown pedicel.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with a yellow and pink petal.
the petals of this flower are light pink and orange and the pedicel is green
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi shaped.
these flowers have lavender and yellow petals attached to green pedicels.
light pink petals that resemble angle wings around a tubular petal that has a vivid yellow, orange, red, and bright pink design.
this flower has petals that are pinkand has yellow shading

a yellow flower with stacked curly petals with green and yellow stamen.
the flower is yellow and has soft, smooth and thin petals that has curly edges
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and are ruffled along the edges.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with ruffled at the ends
this flower has petals that are yellow and has ruffled edges
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has think yellow petals, long yellow stamens, and yellow stigmas.
this flower has large, wide yellow petals whose edges are slightly ruffled.
a yellow flower with large yellow petals that curl up at their ends.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flowers are alternately arranged with white petals and some patches of brown spots on the inside part of the petals
this is a long tall stem of white trumpet shaped flowers with purple spots in centers.
the flowers on the branch are white in color and have a speckled inner layer.
this flower has a bell shaped petal with purple spots on the inside.
this flower has white bell shaped petals, dotted with purple.
a flower that has a tube shaped petal that is white with purple spots.
bell-like flowers with white petals and dark inner dots on a green vertical pedicel.
the petals on this flower are white and the inside has red spots
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots

many clusters in a long shape with purple bell shaped flowers with white and red spots in the center.
these flowers possess darker-colored spots within the light-pink and white petals.
this is a purple flower with con shape petals and a touch of white
a bunch of pink flowers blooming on a branch with older flowers are at the bottom and younger ones at the top, and each flower is bell-shaped pink colored with maroon colored spots.
this is a cluster of exuberant pink flowers, spotted with specks of rose surrounded by white dots.
this flower has purple spotted petals and small short stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
the purple petals are cone shaped, with white and purple spots on the petas.
this flower has light purple bell shaped petals that have pink shading on their insides along with white and dark spots.
this flower has pink petals with darker spots leading to the pistil.

a dull pink petaled flower with bright red tipped pistils.
this flower has many petals, all all of which appear light pink in collor
long lavender petals with pointed ends around short cropped stamen.
this flower is bright pink in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
this flower has long sparsley spaced, purple petals that are topped with a large bulbous ovary and orange anthers.
this flower has a ring of long ribbed purple petals in a single layered arrangement.
this flower has long light purple-pink drooping petals and orange and brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.

this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the stringy stamen of this light violet flower are complemented by the pale green pistil.
this flower has protruding stamen surrounded by hundreds of long, very thin purple petals.
the curly ends on this flower make the bright purple center pop with radiance.
the flower has many narrow purple petals with white filaments.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple with stringy purple stamen
this flower has long, thin, spindly lavender colored petals and large yellow stigma.
this flower has very long thin filaments that are purple in color and curly at their ends.
this flower has thick purple petals under a layer of darker purple fringe.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the flower has a green pedicel and multiple purple stems that have light purple stamen with darker purple anther.
this flower has narrow pink petals folded over and long pink stamen.
this flower is pink and looks like an octopus with its petals and dark pink pistals for the pollen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long and thin pale pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
this flower has long and thin pale pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
this flower has long and thin pale pink petals which curl slightly backwards.

this medium flower has pointed petals that go from white to pink.
the petals on this flower are pink on the fringes and going to white towards the center.
the flower has petals that are pink at the tip and gradually turning white towards the centre and has white anthers at the top of yellow filaments
this flower has purple star shaped petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has layers of wide and pale pink petals with tapered tips.
this flower is pink in color, and has a yellow ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly bright soft purple, with yellow stamen.
this flower has a very wide yellow pistil, yellow filaments, and layers of light pink petals.

the flower has pink and white petals with white stamen
the flower has petals that are white and dark pink with pink filaments.
they have about four to five stamen that are a pink color with pedals either fully pink or white with pink accents and ridges at the tips.
this flower has five overlapping petals with serrated edges in shades of pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
a cluster of flowers with two different shades of pink on the petals and the lighter pink have a dark streaks in the middle.
this flower has white and pink petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green

the petals are pure white, as well as large, rough, and toothed.
a beautiful butterfly shaped flower with large soft white petals and light orange colored stamen.
a white flower with ruffled petals and a tiny yellow stigma.
this flower has a few large white petals that have a wrinkled texture.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flour has white petals that look like paper and a mound of yellow stamen.
the flower has very wavy white petals with yellow stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and is yellow in the middles
this flower has wide, ruffly petals and a yellow pistils and anthers.
this flower has a yellow center and large, very ruffled white petals.

this flower has black stamen surrounded by large, pointed petals whuc are veined and leaflike in appearance.
the petals of this red flower are many-layered, with dark green leaves.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the leaves of this flower turn a brilliant red on the top forming large clusters.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and red, with red filaments.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
a riot of red, petal-shaped sepals surround very small yellow flowers.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has bold red leaves which have pointed tips and small veins.
this flower has bright red petals with green anther in the center.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has bright red petals with yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are overlapping and red with yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have a center composed of yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are red wiht yellow stamen
this flower has layers of bright red petals with short rounded edges.
the red petals are layered and form a disk around stamen with yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has crimson red petals and very small yellow pistils
tiered thin red petals in a starburst pattern with a brown center crowned by yellow tipped stamen.

this flower has large thin pink petals with pink style and yellow stamen with a reddish pink stigma
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged overlapping around the centre
this flower has pink petals, a dark pink style, yellow stigma, and pink anthers.
flower with round pink petals and a long pink and yellow pistil
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has large pale pink petals around a long pink pistil with a bright pink stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has a thick protruding stamen surrounded by wide pink petals.
this unique looking flower as pretty pink paddles with a yellow stigma in the middle
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style

the flower shown has black anther and white and pink petals
this flower has petals that are pink with white patched
the flower has petals that are pink with white edges and pink stamen.
a flower with pink petals black anther and pink filaments.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stigma
this flower has long pink filaments with dark anthers and white and pink petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pink stamen.
this flower has larger pink petals that get darker closer to the pistil.
the flower has light pink petals with red spots, it has pink filaments and black anthers.

this flower has petals that are pink and fold together
this flower has pink petals and no visible outer stigma
this small flower has several small pink petals with rounded edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
the flower has a pink petal with patches of yellow and green pedicel
a pink flower and a yellow spot and a green stem.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is made up of different shaped pink petals with a few yellow and white highlights.
this flower has small pink petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wrinkled.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has bright yellow petals with white tips
this flower has yellow petals with white tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
the flower has two layers and both are yellow in color.
this flower is bright yellow with a dot of white at the tip of each petal.
this yellow flower has outside petals and one large inside petal, and the pistil is yellow
a yellow flower with a bell shape look with a flat base.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi shaped.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a white and yellow star shaped flower with green sepal.
the flower has petals that are white, soft, smooth and separately arranged overlapping each other forming disc like shape
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has large white petals with yellow spots and no visible stamen
this flower has five very smooth, rounded yellow petals with white edges.
this flower has a five pointed star configuration of yellow and white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has five white, an yellow petals that appear to twist around each other.
these rounded, creamy-colored petals have a pinwheel-like look to them.

the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth, thick and separately arranged in a disc like shape
this flower has petals that are yellow and form a pinwheel
this is a flower with five yellow petals and a yellow center.
this flower has five petals and are all yellow and round
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five distinct yellow petals which are smooth, rounded, and slightly shiny.
this flower has very pale yellow petals with yellow stamen at the center of the flower.
this flower has a single row of bright yellow petals and stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
the petals are yellow, and the stigmas are yellow.

this flower has petals that are lavender with white stigma.
dark leaf-like petals in the shape of a star with white flower like stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has tiny star shaped white inner blossoms surrounded by lsthe pointed lavender colored petals in a larger star shape.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
the large purple flower has 5 pedals that come to points.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has five purple veiny petals with long white pistils.
this flower has bright blue petals that are pointed at the end and white stamen.

a flower with many folded over bright yellow petals
leaves are green in color,petals are floret and are yelow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and closed together
these bright yellow flowers have pedals that pop out of thick green leaves, cupping around the ovule, receptacle, and stamen, hiding them from view and making the flowers appear ball-shaped.
this flower's yellow petals cup over each other concealing it's stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
a flower that has long and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
this flower has smooth yellow petals that are rounded in shape and wrapped together like a small ball.

pedicel is green in color,petals are white in cplor with yellow anthers
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
a flower with white petals accompanied by yellow anther filaments and pistils.
the flower shown has several white petals, and a green center.
white with yellow stamen
this flower has non-uniform off-white petals with a round greenish-yellow pistil in the center and small orange stamen surrounding it.
this flower has very white petals with yellow colored anthers and a green stigma.
white petals with many yellow stamen and a large light green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow stamen
this flower has pure white petals that curve out slightly at the top with a bright orange stamen.

the flower has petals that are pink and the stamen and pistil are green.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the flower has petals that are overlapping and pink with green stigma.
clusters of light pinkish-purple petals with a bulbous green pistil.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has large pale pink petals with smooth edges and curving textures.
this flower has multiple petals fanned out from center, shaded from dark to light pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this flower has a green receptacle and bright pink petals with smooth edges.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are around the edges.
this flower has four dark orange petals that are yellow along the edges.
four bright orange petals are arranged around a cluster of white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
the flower is red red with its petals that are soft, smooth and separately around the stamen forming disc like shape
this flower has small red and orange petals round in shape with white stamen in the center.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and multi colored.
these flowers have petals that are mostly orange with white around the edges, and the pistil is slightly visible.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower has small petals that are bright orange in color.

the petals of this flower are pink with a large stigma
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are drooped down ward.
the petals of the flower are light pink with white tints at the ends, while the stamen is green.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
the petals of the flower are pink in color with a green stem and a yellow center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
the pale pink flower creates pollen for the butterfly to eat.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals that are arranged in a ray type of shape around the yellow center.

flower with dense layer of blue petals surrounding a tall green pistil with multiple stamens.
the petals of the flower are blue in color and have a thick green stalk.
this flower has petals that are overlapping blue and dark blue, with many green stamen.
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower shown has blue petals with green pedicel and pistil
this flower has layers of blue petals and long green stamens.
this flower has petals that are blue and has long green stamen
this flower has bright blue petals and long, green curled stamen at the center, with a green pedicel.
this unique flower has deep blue petals with a large amount of green stamens protruding from the middle.
this flower has multiple layers of bright blue petals and thick, bright green stamen.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink with red lines
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has large overlapping petals which have thick leaflike veins.
this flower has small pink petals with darker pink veils covering the petals.
the wrinkled petals are pink with deep pink veins and the sepals are bright green.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thick and drooping.
a pink flower with light pink leaf pink petals stemming from a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines

this flower has petals that are orange with orange stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this bright orange flower has large petals and dark red stamens.
this peach colored flower has long petals that grow upward and cover the purple stamen.
this is a flower with orange petals and black anthers.
this flower has orange petals with orange stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has bright orange petals that stand up to wrap around orange a red stigma.
this flower has orange petals with long filaments at center.
this flower is a deep burn orange color growing on a strong green stem.
this flower has orange petals that fold up and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this is a strange flower with green base and purple anthers.
this flower has very small and skinny pink petals with a green pedicel.
a violet flower with scales along it's side that look like an artichoke.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple, with a green stem.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
this flower has a large number of thick green sepals and lots of thin purple petals.
a purple flower with a large green sepal and many purple stamen at it's center.

this flower has a brown pistol with yellow skinny and long petals.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are drooping down.
a single row of bright yellow petals is arranged around a central brown stamen.
this yellow and brown flower has narrow pointed petals and tiny stamen.
this is a bright yellow flower with long slender petals and a black center.
this flower has narrow yellow petals, with dark brown stamen in the center.
this flower has a single row of long bright yellow petals.
this flower has skinny yellow petals and a light green pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has a randomly arranged layer of light blue petals.
the flower has lavender petals that are long and wilted.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and are curled along the edges.
this flower has a green sepal, a green pedicel, light purple petals, and white anthers.
this flower has light blue petals that are folded over each other along with a lightly colored stigma.
this flower has white petals with shades of light purple in them with a white sigma.
a flower with very light purple petals that are curled in different directions.
this is a flower with lavender petals and a lavender pistil.
the pale purple petals of this flower droop down towards the pedicel.

this flower has petals that are white with patches of yellow
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has small yellow petals with brown streaks on them
the flower shown has small yellow and white petals with green pedicel
the flower has white and yellow petals and a very small pistil.
this flower is white, yellow and purple in color, and has petals that have stripes
this flower has five multicolored petals that are in varying shades of white, purple, and yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
the petals on this flower are yellow and white and the pedicel is brown
a flower with short and wide petals that are white and yellow.

the flowers has a set of 5 petals that looks like a pinwheel, it's also colored in white and yellow shades.
this flower has 5 petals that are white at the tip and gradually turn yellow and are in the shape of a pinwheel.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white tips
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this five-petaled flower is both yellow and white and it grows individually.
this flower has yellow and white petals on a brown and green budded pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with yellow centers.
this flower has five rounded leaves that are yellow in the center and white on the edges.
the flower has five oval petals that are white and yellow.

this flower features a purple stigma surrounded by pointed waxy orange petals.
this flower has yellow petals and a blue and purple pistil.
this flower is yellow and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has long yellow petals with white stripes on it and no visible outer stamen
this is a very interesting flower with an interesting shape and subtle yellow shades.
this flower has thick and sharply pointed petals in shades of yellow, red and indigo.
the pointy petals are purple and orange and the stamen are pointed, ribbed, and dark green.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
it's a vibrant flower that stands out.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

yellow, medium-sized petals that are tubular in shape with smaller greenish tubes at the center (pistil).
this bright yellow flower is made of of several rounded tube like petals that create a ball like appearance.
this flower has a lot of yellow petals and green colored stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has yellow peddles and a yellowish green center.
a flower with short and tube shaped petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has a rounded mound of tiny yellow petals which are very ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
the petals of the flower formulate small cup like petals, and are a bold yellow color
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has yellow and brown petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very small
this flower has vertical pink stamen surrounding small round yellow petals.
red and yellow petals with dark green leaf
this flower has small yellow petals sticking out of a purple pedicel.
this flower has dark red stems holding small, pale yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has a tall column consisting of layers of pink sepals with a few small yellow petals.

the flower has long stamen that are pink with pink petals.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has long red stamen surrounded by red petals with maroon spots.
this flower has petals that are red with black dots
this flower has orange pistil and orange and purple petals as its main features
this flower has orange and purple petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black spots
this flower has long, curling coral petals with dark spots and long coral anthers.
a large red flower with black dots and a very long stigmas.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.

the flower has petals that are pale pink with yellow stigma.
a flower with pink petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has large pink petals with a long yellow pollen tube.
the flower has a bloom that is pink in color with a center that is dark red.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has wide, rounded pink petals whose soft edges are slightly ruffled.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower has a tall pistil with a bulbous stigma surrounded by a wheel of overlapping light pink petals.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and have a center that is dark pink in color.

this flower has a bunch of bright red petals and bright yellow anthers
this bright flower has several layers of smooth red petals surrounding an orange and rigid looking stamen.
this is a red flower with a yellow ovule
this is a red flower with oval shape petals with yellow pollen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bright red and short.
this flower has red leaves and a yellow stamens
this flower has very bright red petals and the pedicel is short and green
the petals on this flower are mostly red with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
there are two layers of bright red oval shaped petals in a star shaped pattern surround bright yellow stamen.

this flower has many small narrow yellow petals and a golden stamen.
this rounded flower has hundreds of long, very thin yellow petals.
the flower has many small yellow petals with green pedicel
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
infinite tiny bright yellow petals form a sphere with fuzzy yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has many bright yellow petals that open out in a pompom shape.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright yellow.

the petals are bright orange while the stigma and stamen are both bright yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
pedicel is green,sepals are green,and the petals are orange in color
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a single row of small oblong orange petals with a ribbed texture.
this orange flower has pointed petals, yellow stamen and a green pedicel.

a flower with folded over pink petals each with a white anther and filament
the petals are bright pink with spines pointing outwards, while the stigma is green and spiny.
this is a flower that has long and stringy pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has protruding pink petals which are long and very thin.
a cluster of purple and green florets surrounded by long, thin, delicate trumpet shaped florets with long slender purple stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower has a sparse arrangement of thin and spiky purple petals.

an orange flower with lots of rounded petals and red anther.
these blossoms are salmon colored, there are many in a group, each with four oval petals.
the flowers petals is orangeish pinkish in color with green leaves.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has clusters of round coral red petals that form in bunches around the ovule.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the flower has soft round red petals and red stamen.
this bright red flower has tightly gathered around the red stamen.
this flower has multiple bunches of small pink flowers with rounded petals.

the petals of the flower are pink with yellow anthers in the center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are white around the edges.
the purple flower has five petals, a prominent yellow stamen, and a pale yellow stigma.
these small purple flowers have bright yellow centers.
this flower has pink oval petals and many yellow anthers.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and yellow
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a purple and white flower with golden and green center.
this flower is characterized by its purple petals, as well as its yellow stamen, and pale yellow pistil.
this flower has small round smooth purple petals and yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
this is a flower with long purple petals and a dark pistil.
this flower has petals that are flat and pink with a purple center and yellow stamen.
the flowers have large purple petals that are thin and dense.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
there are numerous purple, rounded petals on this flower with a dark purple cluster of stamen.
thin, rounded, pale purple petals and purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple and has blue stamen
a purple flower with black disc floret bud and the leaves are green
a flower with pink petals and purple stamen.

the lavender petals are long, thin and curly and surround a white center with a green stigma and stamens protruding.
this flower has petals that are light purple with whit filaments.
this flower has protruding stamen and hundreds of very thin pale purple petals.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the outside of this flower has lavender petals that resemble tiny ursela (from little mermaid) tentacles swaying in water with a center green stems that look like crab legs.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are long lavender and white fringed filaments with large white and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has larger green petals on the bottom of long squiggle lavender and white petals.
this flower has white petals and blue filaments that are long with curly ends.

this flower has soft pink petals that point up with green on the tips
this rugged flower has light green tipped, pink petals ascending from a solid green pedicel base.
sharp pink petals with green tips surround a green pedicel with outpouches.
this flower has thick pink petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are green at the tip.
this flower has light pink petals with green tips.
this flower has layered pink petals that have green tips
a large flower with a dull pink pedals and green tips.
this flower has upturned layers of pale pink petals with pointed tips.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are stacked and a light pink with green point.

this flower has yellow with purple polka dotted petals and sideways stamen.
this flower has yellow and pale orange petals that have some distinctive markings slightly reminiscent of tiger stripes.
the outer petals of the flower are orange while the inner petals of the flower are yellow with brown spots.
this flower has yellow petals with purple spots on its petals
the pretty flower has almost orange petals with two yellow and doted petals at its center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
there are some petals of the flower that have a distinct spotted pattern.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and have dark lines
this yellow orange and dark red flower has rounded petals and pink and yellow stamen.

this flower features thick yellow stamens surrounded by four layers of pinkish white petals.
the flower has petals that are pointed and pale pink with golden stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flower has pointy pink oval petals that point upwards with short fat yellow stamen coming out of the ovule.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has beautiful pink petals and the pistils are bright yellow
there are several layers of light pink pointed petals surrounding vibrant yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple rows of elongated pointy petals that are pink on the inside white on the outside.
this flower has multiple layers of light pink petals with pointed edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has white petals with green pedicel as its main features
this flower has small delicate rounded petals in a pale pink hue.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
these flowers have white petals with pink receptacles and a green pedicel.
this flower has a thick red and green stem and soft, delicate pale pink petals.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this delicate pink flower grows on a long stem with many buds.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen
the flower has small round soft petals that are white.

the center of the flower is prickly and is green in color with leaves that are spiky.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower is very strange looking , it has light blue petals with cones on the top
this flower has a large pistol that looks like a cactus and many long and thin spiky white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower has light purple, feathery petals and cone-shaped stamen.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green style
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.
the feather-like petals are light purple and the stamen is green and thickly clustered.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has vertical layers of pink stamen from which protrude rounded yellow petals.
this flower has many rows of sepals each holding the a row of yellow petals
this flower has petals that are yellow and very tiny
the flower has deep red petals with yellow stamen and pistil.
the flower has yellow and red petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has a sparse arrangement of very small yellow petals arranged on a column of layered dark pink sepals.
this flower has a dark reddish coloring on its stem and small yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.

this flower has a smooth petal that is connected throughout the flower with a hint of yellow as the inner lining.
this flower has white petals with a little green and a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white with green yellows
this flower is bright fluffy white with a lime green design on its inner petals.
this flower has conjoined white petals with ruffled edges and green vein-like striations.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has soft white petals with a greenish-yellow interior layer.
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.

the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower is purple and red in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this pale purple flower has long skinny petals with no distinctly clear anther or stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has pointed green sepals topped with a fringe of many hairlike purple petals.
this flower has a wide rounded layer of hair-like purple fringe.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has purple stamen that are stringy and upright
this flower has rows of needle-shaped purple petals.
the flower has many long purple petals and purple stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward over the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
a bright yellow petaled flower in a bowl shape and a medium length stem.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and curled around the center.
the petals on this flower round each other and basically form a ball, stem leaves resemble mug-wort.
a flower with cluster folded inward yellow petals and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
a thick green pedical supports the bright yellow petals of this flower.

the rounded yellow petals of this flower are layered around each other in such as way as to make the flower appear like a little ball on the end of the pedicel.
this flower has yellow petals and no visible outer stigma on it
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled inward.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
the pedicel is brown in color ,petals are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is folded together
there are small overlapping yellow leaves that curve into a ball.
this flower has rounded yellow petals, and a thin brown stem.
this flower has yellow petals that are curled in.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and purple lines
the flower has different colors with visible stamen.
this flower has purple petals with yellow makings in the middle.
this is a flower that has colorful petals that are yellow, pink and white.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
the flower has purple petals that are littered with a black and yellow spotted pattern.
this flower has one large solid white petal and three additional petals that are dark pink and yellow striped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines

the flower has yellow petals and has a dark green stem growing from the ground.
large yellow, almost transparent petals folding in with a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are dark yellow and overlapping.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curved inward.
the flower is yellow in color and has petals that fold inward.
a lovely yellow rose, fully blossomed and pleasing to the eye. the color really pops in this particular photo.
beautiful bright yellow flower with rounded pedals in a ball shape opening up.
this flower has bright yellow veined petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and curled around the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded upwards

the flower has many petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this thin peddle flower has a very bright yellow peddles.
this flower has a lot of small yellow petals and a lot of yellow stamen
this bright yellow flower has lots of tiny thin petals in rows.
the flower has many tiny and long petals of different sizes.
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals.
this flower has layers and layers of very thin fringe-like yellow hairs and petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
bright yellow stamen center and matching thin long clustered petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the insides.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
the petals of the flower are pink in color and grow up a vine that is green in color.
a purple bell shaped flower with dark spots on the inside of the petals.
this flower has petals that are bell shaped and pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has bell-shaped, lavender petals with tight clusters of stamen in each bell.
this flower is a bunch of purple pink horn petals with white and purple spotted insides.
this flower has a large number of purple bell shaped petals.
the flower has one, bell shaped, pink petal with purple spots on the inside of the "bell."

this flower has overlapping pale pink petals and many small yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
several cylindrical white petals are stacked on top of each other and have a hint of pink and surround white filaments with yellow anthers.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color with yellow anthers.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals that have small yellow stigma
this flower has white and pink petals as well as yellow anthers.
this pink flower has many pink bowl shaped petals and pink stamen with orange filament.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
the flower has yellow and white stamen and soft round petals.

this flower has three dark petals that curl under and three lighter petals that curl up.
this flower has violet colored petals and there is yellow stamen.
this strangely shaped purple flower has curved petals with yellow spots.
this beauty has purple petals that are shaped like a leaf some are up and some are down with a hint of yellow on the petal as well.
the petals of this flower are pink in color.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow accents on wide plum-colored petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that curl upward and petals that curl downward that are a purple red with yellow spots.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow lines
this flower has large wavy petals that are very dark purple in color with some yellow markings.

this flower has prominent green stamen surrounded by a hairlike purple fringe and long rounded white petals.
this flower has long, thin, wiry petals that are curvy in shape.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is bright blue with blue anthers and yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
this flower has flat white petals underneath a layer of very wavy filaments.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has rounded pale green petals under a frizzy layer of purple fringe.
the petals of this flower are stringy and purple and white and the pedicel is green
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, and has stamen that are very long and wavy.

this flower has pink and white petals, and several yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are layered and pointed at the tips.
this is a strange flower with many pink flowers and yellow stigma.
these flowers are blue or pink and have several alternating rows of pointed petals.
this flower has small pink petals with a strange shaped pistil.
this flower has multiple layers of pink or blue petals and tall green stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has pointy ends
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pistil.

the petals are a deep and vibrant purple with many yellow stamen visible in the center.
the petals of the flower are dark purple with yellow stamen and green leaves.
flower has dark purple leaves and small yellow pistils in the middle
the flower shown has a large purple petal along with yellow anther and filament
deep lavender pointed petals with many yellow-white stamen
this purple flower has pointed petals with yellow and white stamen.
the flower has large oval petals that are deep purple colored.
this flower has deep purple petals with stamen hairs in the center if it.
this flower has large purple petals with long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

an orange and red flower with ruffled petals and a long filament shooting out the top.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this red flower has wide petals and a stigma with stamen attached on its neck
the petals of the flower are red in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has petals that are red with large style
this flower has wide scarlet leaves with dark center and pollen tubes with stigma.
this flower has red petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has a long style
this flower has five wide and rounded red petals with ruffled edges.
this red flower has rounded petals and a yellow stamen with red anthers.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the flowers are composed of blooms that are pink and white in color with a yellow center.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the stamen
a delicate and heavily veined pink flower that has four petals and forms soft cups form from pointed buds.
this delicate flower has white petals with purple veins encircling the stamen cluster.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with veins that are dark pink in color.
the pedals are white with lavender purple veins fading into purplish white tips. the stamen are white.
the petals of the flower have shades of pink and white, with yellow stamens.
this flower has white petals with pink veins, a yellow ovary, white pistil, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines

this flower has petals that are pink and yellow and layered
this flower is peach and yellowin color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a short stigma
the flower has a peach and yellow petal with a yellow stamen
this flower has small pointy orange petals and no visible stamen
the flower has several dozen pink petals that turn yellow toward the center, which has gold colored stamen.
the light orange flower has a bright center of yellow petals.
the stamen are clustered in the center of the flower and the petals are layered, the closest layer to the center being yellow in color and the furthest being pink.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are layered.
the petals of the flower are in a circular formation, and the stamens are of a light orange color.

a group of flowers with yellowish pink petals and no visible pistils showing.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this is a flower with many pointed orange and yellow petals.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and are pink and yellow in color.
this is a light orange flower that turns yellow towards the receptacle.
a puffy dull coloring flower with green leaves attached to it.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has multiple layers of very small peach colored petals.

flower has a single white petal, with yellow stigma, and green pedicel..
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower has large white petals and a large yellow stigma in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this trumpet shaped flower has the whirl of white petals with the prominent yellow pistil at the center
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
a flower with long and wide petals that is white and curled around the pollen tube.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is tube like and golden yellow
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and a thick, pointed white petal.
this flower has a large white funnel shaped petal with a large yellow pistil.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has three petals that are pink with pink stigma.
this is a flower with three triangular shaped purple petals.
a trie of violet petals, triangular in shape, around three long pistils.
this flower has purple petals, deep purple pollen tube, and light purple stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has big style
this flower has spade-shaped, veined purple leaves surrounding tiny inner blossoms.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has a trio of very large and pointed purple sepals with darker purple receptacles at the center.
this flower has three triangular shaped purple petals with three prominent purple pistels.

petals are light brown in color,stamens are white in color
the petals on this flower are blue with visible veins and a green filament with white anthers
this flower is blue in color, with petals that has darker veins.
this flower has petals that are blue with flowery stigma
this flower has bluish petals with a white stigma.
the beautiful flower has petals that are purple colored and arranged around white stamens forming star like shape
a small white pollen tube in the center of a blue petal is this flowers main feature.
this flower is light blue in color, and has petals that have dark veins.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a flowery stigma
this flower has a star-shape with bright blue petals that have darker veins and a white pistil.

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
flower has petals that are light pink with green pedicel.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged on green sepal
sepals are green in color,the petals are rounded and are light purple in color
this flower has smooth and very soft pink petals in ruffled shapes.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower has light pink petals and very small pointed green sepals.
a flower with short and wide petals that are light purple.
there are smooth white petals above narrow and pointed septals and multiple flowers on the pedicel.

the petals of this flower are ribbon-like and polka dotted (cream coloring with black dots).
the flower has pale orange petals with brown spots and brown anthers.
this flower hangs almost upside down with long stamen and polka doted petals.
this flower has protruding stamen surrounded by curled pink petals with brown spots.
this flower has large petals that curl underneath the pink flower with dark polka dots and cone shaped anthers at the end of the pink filament.
this flower has orange colored petals which curl backwards and have dark red spots.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are pink with brown spots.
this flower has orange petals as well as a purplepedicel.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black dots

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the stamen are black and the pistil is not seen.
a single, large, wrinkled yellow petal surrounding a center of small stamen with black anthers.
the yellow petals surround a brown anther and yellow filament.
this flower has droopy wrinkled yellow petals with brown spots on them.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black dots
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is a dark green
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has a green pedicel with a yellow receptacle and yellow petals with smooth edges.
a yellow yet dull color flower that limps in center.

petals are rounded and floret,they are yellow in color
this dome shaped flower is bright yellow with many small and ruffled petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
bright yellow petals with dark green leaves
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
the flower is bright yellow and full.
this is a brightly colored yellow flower, where all of the petals are yellow
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
small, ruffled, yellow petals with no other structures visible.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this is a flower that has a lot of purple and white pointy petals.
the petals of this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are purple.
bright needle pointed purple flower with and off white circle and light purple in the center of it.
the spiky petals of this succulent plant are a dark purple which gradually lightens to a lighter lavender in the center of the flower.
this flower has a very large number of extremely skinny purple petals.

this flower has dark pink petals with white spots on them
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
this large droopy blossom has pointed petals in shades of pale and bright purple.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with a purple pedicel
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has downward facing maroon with white spots all over the petals.
there is a purple and off white mottled single layer of long pointed petals with a dark pedicel and no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this flower has pointed dark purple petals with white spots that form an overturned cup shape.

a flower with big pinkish petals and pistils.
the flower shown has petals which are bright pink with a pink stamen
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are dark near the centers.
this flower has large pink petals an no visible outer stigma
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has wide pale pink petals with vertical striations.
this flower has five pink petals as well as pink stamen.
this flower has large pink petals and a pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines

this flower has large and wide petals in mottled patterns comprised of various shades of purple.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals on this flower are white with purple dots.
this flower is bright pink with purple dots on its petals.
this flower has petals that are white with purple shades and dots
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
a large purple flower with purple speckled petals and a large red pistil at it's center.
a flower that has long and narrow petals that are white with purple specks.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink dots
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a purple pistil.

the flower has blue petals with purple anther and filament
this flower has long purple petals, and long white stamen in the center
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
the flower head is composed of many tiny purple flowers with elongated petals.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
this flower has a sparse ring-shaped formation of oblong light blue petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stamen
this flower is characterized by its light purple petals, and its light pink pistil.
there are small light lavender petal clusters surrounded by long slender petals of a deeper purple.
this flower has pale purple petals in a rounded mound on a thin stalk.

the flower shown has smooth purple petals with white pistil
the flower has light pink outer petals with white colored inner petals
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are very small.
a lovely flower with pointed pink petals and white stigmas
these delicate looking blossoms are in a cluster, with three pink triangular shaped petals surrounding tiny white blossoms at the center.
this flower has pale pink leaves with pointed tips surrounding tiny center white blossoms.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
this flower has lavender leave shaped pedals with long white stigmas.
this flower has large light pink sepals and small white petals.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are large and wrinkled in appearance.
the flower has purple petals with green and yellow stamen in the center
this flower has numerous white stamen surrounded by large purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower has large dark purple petals, white stamen, and little white anthers on it
the flower has petals that are dark purple with light purple filaments.
this flower has slightly wrinkled purple petals, and the stamen is yellow and white.
this flower has dark royal lavender petals and green pointed filaments.
this flower has dark purple, shriveled petals with a lot of stamen in the middle.
this flower has purple petals with white and yellow stamen
this flower has dark purple petals with long thin stamens that are yellow in color.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
the large pink petals have a dark red stigma.
this pink flower has five ruffled, fan shaped petals and red stamen protruding from it's center.
the flower has petals that are dark pink with yellow anthers.
the petals are star hpaed and pink in clor with larger yellow colore stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are dark near the base of the ovary.
the fuchsia petals are ruffled and the stamen is long with orange anther.
this bloom has five large petals stemming from a center that contains a pronounced pistil.
this flower has soft pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.

the petals on the flower are purple and yellow with black strips.
the flower has petals of a both purple and yellow colors with brown stripes.
the pretty flower has 2 small purple petals and one bigger yellow one.
has multicolored petals, lavender at the top and yellow petals on the other side, with delicate pistils and purple accents.
irregular shaped flower has yellow lower petals and purple upper petals with dark purple nectar guides.
this flower has yellow petals at the bottom and purple petals at the top.
this flower has yellow and purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is yellow and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped and striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and yellow and has dark lines
this flower has yellow and purple petals with dark purple stripes.

the outr petals of the flower is purle in color and the inner petls are white i color
the purple petals surrounded by green leaves have dark purple pistils with white tops.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are purple with veins
this flower has a purple petal and a white anther filament
three pointed purple colored petals surround three pale yellow stigma.
this flower has long wavy purple metals, and a smaller white flower in the center
the pedals are deep and rich royal purple with a white anther.
this purple colored flower has a dark red pollen tube and white stamen.
this purple flower has purple petals and a white tipped stamen.
this flower has purple pointed and veined leaves surrounding tiny white blooms.

the flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges.
a flower with rounded orange and yellow petals, a greenish orange stigma, and green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this beautiful bunch of yellow flowers look like fire on the pedals.
the flower has large green colored laevs with many yellow colored petals that are pink sppoted on the inside
this flower has petals that are yellow and has an orange center
this yellow flower is exhibits a yellow outer coloration of its petal along with a burnt orange color on its inner petal.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are orange near the center.
this flower has yellow petals with orange centers and green stamen.
yellow and orange petals with one anther filament in the middle of the flower.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue with purple and yellow shadinfg
the flower has blue petals with a purple and white stigma.
this flower has large light blue petals and a white stamen in the middle
the flower is blue with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around clustered stamens
this periwinkle flower has pointed ellipse shaped petals, and a large receptacle in the middle
this is a very large flower, light blue in color, with large pedals.
this light blue flower has pointy petals and a fuzzy center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white stamen
this flower has a flat petals with pointed tips that are light blue in color.

yellow stigma centered inside of bright yellow with red bordered petals.
this plant has a cluster of closely spaced blooms, each with five petals, and each with a star-shaped bright yellow center broadly edged with crimson.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red trim
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
flower with bright red and yellow petals surrounded a buried pistil.
this is a cluster of small red flowers with a bright yellow center.
these flowers have two color petals with yellow near the pistil area and red around the edges.
this flower has small brightly colored petals that are yellow near the base and red on the top half.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red edges

this flower is red and pink in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the flower has many pink petals pointed down and red stamen on the top
the petals of the flower are pink in color and are on a thick dark green stalk.
this flower has petals that are pink with many steman
this flower has long pink petals that are pointed downwards, and a lot of red anthers in the center
this flower has a rounded brown center and down-turned thin pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has multiple pinkish purple needle shaped petals surrounding reddish stamen.
this flower has a thick darkly colored stem and a ray-like configuration of pink long petals.

the flower has multi colored and the stamen and pistil are visible.
this flower has thin white stamen surrounded by wide purple and green petals with slightly tapered ends.
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple and green petals and several white anthers.
this flower has petals that are green with purple patches
this flower has green and purple petals with white stamens.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi colored.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple edges
the petals of the flower are green and purple in color with anthers that are white and green.
this flower has green filaments and white anthers along with pink and green petals.

the flower has a bright yellow petal with orange stamen in the center
this flower has big yellow petals with a yellow stigma in the center
this flower has four yellow petals and a number of thin yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has bright yellow, wide petals with slightly ribbed edges and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has four yellow petals and a yellow thin stamen in the center.
a flower with long and wide petal that is yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very thin and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are orange and yellow

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately arranged around stamens
this is a flower that has yellow and light pink petals.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
the petals of this flower are peach with a small stigma
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has peach colored petals that are almost stacked on top of each other, the stigma is brown and is almost covered by the petals.
this plant has saw edge green leaves and the flower has many layers of small petals.
this flower has several layers of a pale orange and yellow petals that extend out away from the stem.

this flower has green pistil with white and pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are white with a dark pink stripe and yellow stamen.
this flower has wrinkling pink and white petals around a center of long stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker striped in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple lines and yellow stamen
the stamen of this flower are long and deep pink, while the petals are a combination of bright pink and light pink or white.
this flower has white petals with big pink lines and yellow stamen
this flower has several layers of pointed pale pink petals with a stripe of deeper pink in the center.
this flower has several overlapping layers of medium-sized white and pink petals with a dense collection of short, pale green and pink stamen.
the petals of this flower have white edges that surround light pink centers.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are lavender with a shirt stigma
the petals on this flower are purple with white stamen.
this flower has light purple petals that are veined and a small yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is green
this violent flower has it's violet petals arranged ina cone shape with white anther filament visible at it's center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower features stamen that are prominent in the middle of the bud.
the flower has many stamen and larger purple anthers
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pink.
the stamen on this flower is white and green with small pink petals
this flower has a ring of upturned spiky pink petals surrounding a thick white and green dome center.
this flower has white pistil in the center of pink pointy petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this is a light pink flower with thin petals and a large white pistil.
this flower is pink, green, and white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.

this is a bright red flower with a large white pistil.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
a single shiny waxy red petal in a heart or spade shape surrounds a single cylindrical pistil which is colored yellow.
this flower has a large rubbery red petal as its main feature.
this flower has a bright red rubbery petal and a single thick yellow pollen tube.
this flower has red petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has a thick white stamen and shiny red petal with pointed tip.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this dark red flower is heart-shaped and smooth, and has a protruding light-yellow pistil.
this flower has one shiny red heart shaped petal with a yellow stigma

the orange is the main color of the flower, and anthers being white.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
the flower is orange and has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged around stamens forming bowl shape
this flower has small yellow petals with white stigma in the middle of it
this flower has orange, rounded petals with white stamen on a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
a flower with short and rounded ends that are orange.
this flower has small, very round petals of orange with veined red accents.
the flower has four orange petals that are asymmetrical, surrounding white stamen.

the flower has a white tubular shaped petal with a green pollen tube
this flower is white in color, with petals that are shaped like a bell.
the flower has cup shaped corolla with fused white petals and a elongated green style.
the flower has petals that are white with green stigma.
this flower has petals that are white with a long stigma
this flower has white petals as well as a green pistil.
three white trumpet shaped flowers that feature a light green pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with a single bulb shaped petal .
this flower has pure white petals that sheath around of yellow and green stigma.
this flower is light colored horn shaped petals with a light green stamen.

this is a flower with a large round red petal and a large pistil.
this flower has petals that are red with a long style
the flower is bright red with its leaves in the shape of a heart.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has a petal that is red with a white stamen.
this flower has a red petal with a long white, orange, and pink pistil.
the petals on this flower are mostly red with long stamen.
this red flower has a heart shaped petal and a pink and orange pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this flower has a thick upright pistil along with a large red petal with prominent veins.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has five distinct red petals which are wide with rounded edges.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has orange rounded petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has wide red petals which are very rounded in shape.
this orange and red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
the flower has a long green pedicel and dense pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a thick green stem.
this flower has clusters of pink petals sitting on a thick green pedicel.
this flower has layers of upturned white petals whose tapered edges are soft pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and are layered in appearance.
overlapping variations of pink petals are pointing off to the side.

this flower has petals that are overlapping and pink with green pedicel.
the flower has pink petals with a pink stigma and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has beautiful pink petals and a green pedicel
a light pink flower with a large base and a green stem.
this flower has many pink petals that wrap around each other
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the layered pink petals sit atop a green pedicel with several green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together

only five petals are seen on this blossom, they are white with bright yellow at the base.
this flower has smooth white and yellow petals and as its main feature
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the cneter.
this flower has white petals that form a pinwheel shape around the ovule, and which are yellow towards the ovule.
this flower has white petals and yellow style with green stamen
this flower has white petals with a bright yellow base that spiral together to the base of the flower.
this white flower has two colors within the petals, yellow on the inner part and white on the outer part of the petal.
there are five petal that are white at the tips, transitioning to yellow near the center of the flower.
this flower has large white pedals that turn yellow as they get closer to the receptacle.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a white pistil.

a flower with pink and white ragged petals, white stamen and white stigma.
this uniquely shaped flower has several fluttery petals and a tubular center.
four ruffled petals alternating 180 degrees up the flower, tinged red at the ends transverse to the petal with a tall pistil and stamen protruding from that.
the petals of this flower have white bodies and coral colored tips.
the flower has variegated petals that are a mixture of red and yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are red and has white shading
the petals are red and white and there is a big pollen tube on this flower.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are yellow and red.
this flower has large white and pink petals with long white stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has spiraling layers of red petals which are smooth with rounded edges.
the petals are red in color and they are blossoming on a single pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a red flower covered with the dew of the morning or a recent watering.
this flower has layers of soft red petals with smooth edges .
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has layers of wide and very smooth petals in a bright red shade.
a red flower with curved red petals on a green pedicel.

this flower has long and skinny white petals around yellow stamen.
the flower has alternately arranged petals that are whit in color with yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long white petals and yellow stamen in the middle of it
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
the flower has long, narrow white and pink petals, with yellow pistils in the center that close inwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the beautiful flower is so big with light pink petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately forming bowl like shape in different layers enclosing yellow stamens in the center

this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are short and pointed.
there are many overlapping pale violet petals, with very prominent green stigmas in the center and many branching sepals around the petals.
a flower with white and blue petals and green anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has petals that are pale blue and pointed.
this flower has pointed blue petals with the darkest blue on the tips and spiky green leaves.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
this flower's petals are round and white close to the pistil, but light purple at the tips where the form a point. the filaments, anthers, and pistil are bright green.
the petals of the flower are light blue to the top, and have shades of white and yellow near the base.
this flower has white and blue petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen

the stamen portion of this white flower really is contrasted against its white petals.
this flower has large, white oval-shaped petals, with a primarily yellow stamen that also has a little bit of red in it.
the flower has large white petals with white filaments and yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and small.
this white flower consists of five rounded petals with small anthers on extended filaments.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals oval shaped.
the flower has big white oval petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as yellow anthers.
this flower has five round petals that are white and yellow anthers.

this flower is white and orange in color, and has petals that are long and white.
many white petals lay flat in a circle surrounding golden colored stamen.
this medium flower with long white petals has a yellow center.
the flower has long and thin white petals around the stamens.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long white petals.
it has long thin white pedals and in the center of the flower has yellow colored anther.
this flower has white petals with an orange stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white and orange flower has petals as well as a pedicel.
this flower has a yellow center and long, thin white petals.

this flower has petals that are purple and short steman
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are wavy.
the flowers are blue in color,has prominent pistil that is green in color
a flower with dark blue petals and no visible pistils showing.
the flower has blue petals and light blue stems.
this deep violet flower has wide, draping, thin petals, with no protruding pollen tube or stamen visible.
a blue flower with many blue petals on a light blue pedicel.
this flower has a skinny dusty green stem and very sparse, thin leaves with wavy bright blue petals.
the purple petals have dark purple veins and the sepals are small and green.
this flower has petals that are lue and has yellow stamen

three rows of sharp crisp white petals surround a very concentrated cluster of yellow stamen.
the flower shown here has white petals with lots of yellow anther in the center
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this white flower has several rows of teardrop shaped petals and a pale yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by multiple layers of long, slightly pointed white petals.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of thick upturned white petals.
this flower has yellow stamen with layers of all white petals.
this beautiful flower has beautiful petals and yellow insides
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this cone shaped white blossom wraps around a yellow stigma.
this flower is white and red in color, and has a single petal.
this unique flower has one large tubular petal and a thick stamen.
the flower has white petals with a red and yellow stigma.
a one petal flower that is white with a cluster of yellow anther filaments in the center.
this flower has a single white petal and a yellowish stigma.
this flower has one white petal that has a yellow style
this flower has one round and pointed white petal with a light red center.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and pink center with a large thick white petal.
a flower with one petal that curls around the pollen tube.

a yellow flat flower with large pedals, and a lime green center.
this flower has petals that are yellow wit yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen
a yellow flower with separated large petals surrounding a green stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a skinny green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has five rounded yellow petals with long yellow stamen.
this flower has smooth bright yellow petals with rounded edges and yellow stamen.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the ovule.
this pink and cream flower has overlapping petals that curl to form a circular formation.
this pink and white flower has rows of petals and a brown pedicel.
the soft pink roses deepen in color as they move further from the stem and the brightest pink is located in the middle of the flower where the bud is the tightest.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has a large number of smooth pale pink petals that are wrapped on top of each other.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has spiral layers of round white petals with pink tips.
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is green

this blue flower has several long petals which are turned up at the end.
the flower has petals that are purple and shaped like a tube.
the floweer petals arecapsule shaped and are blue in color
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
these delicate, trumpet-shaped flowers are a deep royal blue with fluted edges and the interior is lightly speckled with black.
this flower has a long trumpet shape and deep indigo petals which open outwards.
this flower has trumpet shaped petals that are bright blue.
this flower has blue bell shaped petals, with dark green stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bell shaped
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has large pink petals and a long yellow stigma in the center of it
the flower petals are light ourple in color with yellow larger anthers
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and brown lines
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are striped.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with a yellow pollen tube
the bright orange pistil of this flower is surrounded by pink petals with dark red or brown lines on them.
this flower has wide and rounded pink petals surrounding a purple and brown patterned center.
this flower has four purple petals with a bit of yellow and brown veining.
this flower has pink petals that has purple and yellow lines on them
the top 3 petals are purple, brown and yellow-green patterned, with the 4th, bottom petal being light purple, a small yellow stigma in the center.

this flower has three rows of bright red oval petals surrounding a nest like arrangement of orange stamens.
the petals are a reddish hue with many yellow stamen.
many bright red petals surround yellow stamen and maroon stigma.
a red flower with a lot of red petals, and a round yellow and brown center.
this gorgeous flower has two layers of petals in a beautiful orange-red color and yellow filament in the middle.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has red oval shaped petals, yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
this bright red flower has pointed petals and orange stamen.
this flower has large red petals with small yellow stamens.

this flower's wrinkled pink petals surround a long pink stamen housing yellow and red anthers.
this flower has overlapping petals that are pink, with dark pink edges, and a pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
the flower has large pink petals that are tear dropped shaped.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker in the center.
this flower has light pink petals that are tinged with dark red in the center.
the wrinkled, pink petals form a vase shape around a long filament and yellow anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has thick pink petals and a long pink style.
a light pink flower with five petals and a pink pollen tube.

this flower has a prominent pollen tube surrounded by several large, overlapping veined pink petals.
the flower has red petals that are somewhat dense with a yellow stamen.
this pendulous flower has cherry-red rounded overlapping petals deeply veined in dark red with promenant yellow stamen, and large leaves.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are red in color with larger anthers
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has yellow anther filaments, a pink stamen, and deep red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
the flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around pistil with yellow stamen forming an inverted bell like shape
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the center.
a hanging flower with broad arrow shaped red pedals and a long pistil with a cluster yellow stamen surrounding.

this unique flower has long skinny purple petals that are arranged all over the top with no clear stigma or anther.
the flower shown has small purple petals with green sepal
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the flower has super thin petals that are light purple.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this particular flower has petals that are long and sharp with purple
this large flower has an orangish center with spike like purple petals coming from the center.
this flower has a large number of very thin and spiky light purple petals.

this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
this flower is white in color, with petals that are green near the ovary.
the flower shown has white petals and a white style.
this flower has a protuberant pistil surrounded by round white petals which are slightly ruffled.
pure white color sepals with a light green color at the bottom and a stamen with anthers
this flower has wide, overlapping white petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this white flower has pointed petals and a yellow stamen with pink and white anthers.
this flower has a tall white stamen, a green ovary, and smooth white petals.
this flower has thick white petals with long white styles.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow shaded center

petals are white in color,stamens are ,many and are yellow in color
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
yellow stigma with a green center with six white petals surrounding it
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
six star-like white rounded tip petals with long thin yellow stamen.
this flower has six oblong white petals with thin yellow stamen and a short yellow pistil.

this flower is red in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cone.
a flower with large individual red petals and yellow individual stamen.
the petals are large and they are an orange-red color.
the flower has petals that are red with red filaments.
this flower has a bright red petal and a yellow colored stigma
a flat red and large flower with a deep center.
this flower has orange petals with yellow stamen in the center surrounded by been leaves.
petals are large and overlapping and the center of the flower appears to be all green with difficulty determining where the stamen and pistil are located.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has circular petals that are bright red in color and surrounding a yellow ovary.

the pink flower has bell shaped petal that is soft, smooth and enclosing stamen sticking out from the centre
a flower with a singluar open bell shaped pink petal and orange anther and filaments
sepals are green ,pedicel green,and the flowers are light puirpl ein color
the flower has a cup shaped petal that is lavender colored.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are all connected in the shape of a bulb.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this very light pink flower with bell shaped petal and a light yellow pistil.
there is a round fat bell shaped pink bloom with 5 round pink petals with a yellowish green stamen and pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around clustered stamens forming disc like shape
the stamen are short and the dark part of the flowers is where the ovary is.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this pale yellow flower has an outer row of star-shaped petals and an inner trumpet-shaped row, and also a prominent yellow pistil
the petals of the flower are long and narrow, and the stamen of the flower has a distinctive pattern of dots throughout.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has an orange center and layers of long orange petals.
there are orange and yellow pedals with stamen of a slightly darker shade of orange.

this is a flower with large pink pointy petals and a green stigma.
its mostly pink with white and a light green center.
this flower has a green pistil with purple and white petals
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
outer petals are green oin color,inner petals are light pink in color
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
this flower has pink petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are leaf like.,
red leaves with white edges surround small green filaments with green leaves underneath it all
a large group of flowers with pink and white colored pedals and a green stigma.

flower with purple and white circular petals on a green stem
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are burgundy with white edges and pink stamen.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with green pedicel
the flower petals has white and dark purple with green leaves.
a group of small purple and white flowers with a silver stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white edges
this flower has large white and purple petals and long white stamen.
this flower has small purple petals with serrated white edges.
this flower has petals that open flat, white at center, then magenta, then white at edges.

these bright red flowers have thick wavy petals and green stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a red petal and a lot of white on the side
a flower that has pink/red color petals that are tipped in white with green stamen
the flower has petals that are large and red with white edges.
a large red plant with little beads in the center of the flowers.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
red and green leaves with an sort of triagle shape to the body of the flower.
this flower has petals that are red and has white edges
this flower has dark red petals with white edges and bright green stamen.

the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this is a white flower with connected petals and yellow near the ovary.
this flower has smooth white petals with white anther as its main features
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has a rounded star shape with smooth white petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yelloow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this white and yellow flower has triangular pedals and yellow stamen with white anthers.

this is a pink flower with large petals and dark green leaves.
these flowers have a smooth lavender colored pedals with a little tint of white.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink with white stripes.
a cluster of purple flowers, with striped large petals and a small center.
this flower has a light purple flower with a group of light purple anthers
pink with green leaves
a flower with long petals that are curled backwards and pink.
the flower has purpe stamen and purple and white petals with wavy edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark imprints

the flower has blue petals and white stamen in the middle
this flower has purple petals and a white stamen with a white anther
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
ruffled blue petals with blunt ends in a group of five with delicate stamen with puffs on the end.
the flower has purple petals with a white stigma and green pedicel.
white flower with anther filament and green stem.
the petals of this flower are purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has lavender stamen and anther filaments and purple petals.
this flower has thin white stamen and large white petals with smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white stamen

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled near the edges.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has four individual rounded off-white colored petals with yellow stamen in the center.
the petals of this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has fan shaped petals that are vanilla colored, with yellow anthers in the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has four small white petals that have smooth edges and a small grouping of thin stamen.
four separate white petals and long yellow anthers in the center of the flower.
this white flower has rounded petals and yellow and white stamen.

a flower with bright light purple petals and central cluster of yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are pale pink, with a white center, and green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
these petals are light purple and overlap like a fan.
the flower petals are light purple in color with yellow anthes
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals are light purple and the anther is golden colored.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow stamen
a purple flower with butterfly shaped purple petals and a small yellow ovule at it's center.

this flower has large pink petals and green stigma in the middle
this flower is wide and open and a bright pink color, with a white center and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with short stamen
this flower has petals that are red with many yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy around the edges.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are bright green.
this flower has petals that are red and has a white center
this flower has a funnel shape petal with a bright red coloring.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has conjoined red petals whose edges are rounded and very soft.

this round flower has a yellow center surrounded by hundreds of very thin yellow petals.
this flower is bright yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and long.
there are bright yellow thin petals with a center cluster of darker yellow stamen.
needle thin yellow petals radiate from the yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has petals that are narrow and yellow with yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has very thin yellow petals arranged in a flat disk formation.
these bright yellow flowers have long, narrow, and string like petals extending from the center.
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are yellow.
the petals of this flower are stringy and the pedicel is small and green

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow shading
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming a disc like shape
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
the flower has petals that are flat, orange and red, with white stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are red in some spots.
the petals of this flower are peach and the pedicel is green
this flower has vividly bright orange petals with red coloring around the edges and a light yellow stamen.
this flower has petals which have yellow, orange and red on them.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading

this flower is plain white with big petal and a small stamen in the middle.
the flower has white rounded shaped petals on it.
the clean white petals are round, and gather around the tiny anthers of the flower.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
pure white petals with pointed middle on edges and a slight green and white pistil.
this bright white flower has 5 petals with light yellow stamen.
this white trumpet shaped flower has light green filaments and white anthers.
a flower with one petal that is white and surrounds the pistils.
this flower has a single row of broad, white petals with a few white stamen in the center.
this flower is trumpet-shaped and white with a white and green pistil.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has a lot of pretty color light pink petals with water drops
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
the flower has petals that are pink and the stamen are pink with white tips.
a pink flower in full bloom with green and magenta leaves.
some pink and white flowers with a red and yellow spots.
this flower has pink petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has soft delicately ruffled petals in shades of gradating pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
a flower with long and wide petals that are pink.

this flower has petals that are red with a few patches of yellow
the petals of the flower are curled along the edges and are orange in color.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are white around the center.
sepals are green,pedicel are green and the petals re orange in color
this flower has large orange petals with no visible stamen or stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red and has white patches
a flower with long and wide petals that are red.
a flower with red petals that are white in their centers and light red stamen.
this flower haslarge broad red and white petals, a pink and white stamen, and a green peticel.

this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.
the flower is white and roselike in shape and the inner petals have a yellow tint.
a flower with light yellow petals and no anther filaments or pistils visible.
off white outer petals on this flower with inner petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and pale yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
a flower with long and wide petals thata re white.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
a snowy white and yellow flower with a circular look.
this flower has spirals of white rounded petals with yellow tints.

the stamen are many in number and the pedicel is seen.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this pink and red flower has large pointed red petals and small curved pink petals.
the flower is arranged in layers and the bottom layer is dark maroon in color.
the petals on this flower are red and white and the pistils are short and yellow
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower with an outer layer of red petals and an inner layer of white and red petals.
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has a bright red sepal with very white petals that gradient to the same red as the sepals and has very many yellow stamen in the center.

the flowers are alternately arranged and have yellow colored petals with brown sepals
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are very small.
the flower has long red and yellow petals that are wilting.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow trim
the flower shown has yellow pistil with a purple pedicel
a long plant that is dark in color and yellow pedals attached.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this is a beautiful red and yellow flower with long petals and a long pedecel.
this flower has dark red stems surrounding small, pale yellow petals.

the petals are a stark white with numerous yellow stamen at center.
flower has big white petals with a yellow stigma.
the petals are white and droopy and the pistil is yellow and round.
this flower has a set of wavy white petals and a lush arrangement of yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are white and have yellow center made of the anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a yellow stigma and white dropping petals.
this flower has white petals and a ball shaped yellow center.
this flower has an extremely protruded stamen that is dark yellow and droopy white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled up and drooping.

the stigmas are long and have red tips, with yellow anthers around.
this flower has thick large yellow petals that grown down away from the center with long stamen with red anthers.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has a yellow petals and is tight and hanging upside down
this flower has a bright yellow flower and a bright yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stigma
a large yellow upside down cup shaped flower with a long stigma.
this flower has a thick stamen surrounded by wide yellow petals with veined textures.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.
the flower's sepel is green, the petals are yellow and overlapping, the filament are white and the anther are brown.

the red-orange petals hide the lighter ovule.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
a group of flowers with bright orange petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has 5 wrinkled, red petals that surround a yellow center.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are orange and the pedicel is green
this flower has small orange petals and green stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this particular flower has petals that are small and round white with a yellow center
a flower with orange petals that surround a large yellow pistil.

the tropical flower has blue and yellow petals that stem from a rigid stem.
the petals of this flower are orange and blue with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and blue in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
a flower that has the shape of a swan with two narrow orange petals at it's top and one purple flower underneath.
this flower has orange long petals with long sharp edges.
this orange and blue flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has large yellow and blue petals with a light green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has bright orange petals that stand upright with pointed tips.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white petals with yellow stamen in the middle of it
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around separately around yellow stamens forming bowl shapes in many layers
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has with petals and yellow filament with brown anthers.
this white flower has pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a wide yellow center and layers of upturned white petals.
this flower has white petals and many little yellow pistils
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

flower with large white petals and narrow deep receptacle.
this flower had large, connected white petals with a deep throat and short yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
this bell shaped flower has conjoined white petals which ruffle slightly at the edges.
the flower has a smooth white petal with green sepal and pedicel
white fluted and adjoined petals that drape at the ends and have a deep stamen in the center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and curled at the edges.
this flower has a funnel-type shape with a large white petal that has a light green receptacle.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a wide trumpet shape and is soft white with green veins.

the white flower has large white petals with yellow tipped stamen.
the flower is white with petals that are thick, soft and has stamen sticking from the centre
the flower has a large bloom that is white in color.
this huge awesome flower has big petals and is purple and white in color
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled on the edges.
a flower with long and wide petals that curl backwards and are white.
this flower has white petals that fold down at the edges and has yellow stigma
this is a large white flower with a concave center and a few stems coming up from it
large white petals make up this large, flat flower complete with a small cluster of stamen of the same color.
the white flower is in a shallow bed of leaves and has a yellow stamin.

bright red layered pedals lay open with a spikey yellow stamen and black center.
the pollen tube was dark red and yellow and the petals were a shade lighter.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
these beautiful flowers has reddish petals with yellow in the inside
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has yellow stamen and many oval red shaped petals.
this flower has bright red oblong petals and small yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are bright red and the pedicel is green
the flower has a red petal with many stamen around the red pollen tube

the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
the flower are capsule shaped with bright blue colored petals with larger anthers
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has large blue petals, and a center that is dark purple
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow steman
the petals are deep purple and indigo and form a vase shape surrounding the stamens.
this flower has a trumpet-shaped petal with bright blue at its top and darker blue and purple elsewhere.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow lines
this blue and purple colored flower has petals blending from blue color in the top to purple towards the bottom and the has a crown shaped sepal.
this flower is bell shaped with petals that are deep purple near the yellow stamen and become a bright, vivid blue toward their pointed ends.

the flower has bright red petals and a long orange filament with yellow anthers.
the flower is a bright red color and the pollen tube is a yellow color
this red flower has five frilled petals and a yellow-orange pistil and has small green leaves.
this flower has large, fluttery, bright red petals surrounding an orange style with a red stigma.
joined pink petals have a dark red center from which a yellow monadelphous stamen emerges.
this flower has five wide red petals with a thick stamen in the center.
flower with green sepals, 5 red petals with very dark red origins, long style protruding above petals with yellow filaments, yellow anthers and red stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are black near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma
this flower has large red petals and a gigantic yellow stamen coming from the center.

this flower has a large red petal an done large light yellow stigma
the flower has bright red petals with a long yellow spear coming from the middle
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the flowers has a single big and red colored petal with a thick yellow stamen on the middle.
these flowers have one large, heart shaped red petal and a large and bumpy yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and a waxy, shiny, thick red spiked petal.
the petals of this flower are bright pink and in the shape of a heart and the pistil is tall and yellow.
this flower has a single red petal and a large yellow pistil.
this flower has shiny heart shaped red petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower has large red petals that are round and pear shaped.
the flower has fused red petals and stamen and pistil recessed in the trumpet corolla.
this flower bells outward in a trumpet shape with ruffled, round edged pink petals.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy at the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright reg petals that are arranged in a wheel-like fashion with small yellow stamen.
this flower has large red petals and a yellow center.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
two bright red flowers whose petals are not separated but a whole

this flower has a protruding yellow pollen tube surrounded by one curved, pointed white petal with smooth edges.
the flower has a large smooth flat white petal with a yellow pollen tube
a green flower with a single large white petal
this flower has a single large white petal with a yellow stigma.
this flower is white in color, with only one large petal.
this is a white flower with a one big side ways heart shaped pedal.
a white color flower with single petal and green sepal and the leaves are green
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.
the flower has one large white petal with a yellow stigma.
this flower is a singular large white petal with a yellow stamen in the center.

this is a purple flower with large petals and yellow stamen.
the flower has a circular purple petal with a yellow pollen tube
these flowers are the same but with different colors, one is light purple and the other one is indigo with a dark purple center.
a flower with purple petals and two yellow filliaments
this purple delicate flower has purple petals that are burgandy close to the pistil and stamens . the is an iner stammen that is yellow and holds the yellow pistils in the center. it is circular in form .
this flower has a dark lavender petals with lavender anthers.
this flower consists of fan shaped purple pedals with bright yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly deep purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has a swirl of petals that are purple with black center and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

the flower is made of spiky triangular branches that are pink in color.
the flower has many spiky red petals and green near the ovary.
long, narrow light pink petals are sparsely spaced around pink and white stamen and pistil.
sharp looking petals surrounding long white stamen, with green sepals.
this is a large flower head with clusters of pink petals which are surrounded by darker pink petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
the petals of this flower are a darker red and very pointy with white filament with green at the bottom of the pistil
this flower has white stamen, green anther filaments and coral petals.
this flower has a large center of lightly colored stamen with sharply pointed petals.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a center made of yellow anthers.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by large rounded pink petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
the flower stamne is yellow in color with larger anthers and pink petals
this flower has 8 pinkish/purple petals with rounded edges and a lot of yellow stamen.
this flower has a ring of small pink petals with a wrinkled texture and a yellow center disk.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright pink and yellow is the color of the stamen.
this flower has a yellow center and wide pink petals with slight vertical striations.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a flower with rounded yellow petals and clustered yellow stamen.
this flower has a consistent yellow color surrounding its yellow stamen at the center.
this flower has short, round yellow petals around many yellow stamen.
here we see a yellow flower of five overlapping leaves and a cluster of yellow stamen surrounding the stigma.
this delicate flower is yellow with five petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has small rounded yellow petals in an overlapping wheel arrangement.
this flower has wide and rounded yellow petals which are somewhat shiny.
this flower has yellow petals that has light green stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.

the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl like shape
this is a flower with dark pink and white petals on it.
the petals below are pink in color while the top ones are white in color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
a flower with broad white and pink petals with central tangle of green and red anther and filaments
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and wrinkled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink-tinted white petals with orange and red stigma.
this flower has white petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has five thick pointed red petals and five small rounded white petals.

this beautiful flower has yellow petal with red in it
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have red detailing along the side.
this flower has petals that are yellow with shades of orange
this flower has large colorful petals, and the blossoms appear in clusters on top of a tall plant.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that have dark veins.
this flower has small and rounded orange petals with delicate red accents.
the petals of this flower are dark yellow with red accents near the stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower has short white stamen and rounded yellow and orange petals.

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has a few white petals and yellow stamens in the middle.
narrow stemmed flower with light pink pedals and twisting leaves
the flower has pale pink petals growing in small groups, from a long greenish brown stem.
this flower has petals that are white with bits of red
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are white.
this flower has petals that are white and has red stamen
a flower with light pink petals that have dark colored speckles on them.
this flower has white flowers attached to a thin brown pedicel.

this flower is white in color, with only one large petal.
the petals on this flower are white with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and bell shaped
pedicel is green in color,petals is rounded in shape and white in colr
this flower has white petals that form into a bell shape
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
a flower with one petal that is white and surrounds the pollen tube.
a flower with white petals and a greens tem.
this flower has white petals as well as a pedicel.
this flower has white petals as well as a pedicel.

this flower has one row of large pink, oval petals and many small, thin purple petals.
this flower has large green pistils and stamen surrounded by a purple fringe and large, rounded white and purple petals.
this flower is pink white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long purple petals with long purple stamen and green stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are pink with long string stamen
light pink, elongated petals create a fan around many long, pointy, purple stamen with a green pistil and stigma turned perpendicular.
this flower is white, pink, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals that have purple stringy stamen
this flower has a green stigma protruding out of the middle of many tiny lavender stamens embedded on pink petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green stamen.

the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow filaments in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the stamen are yellow and the anthers appear large in size.
this white petal flower had white and yellow filament and anther.
this flower has a cross-like arrangement of smooth white petals with short yellow stamen at the center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
a flower with four petals that are short and wide that are white.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with thin wavy petals.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and droopy.
a flower with purple and dark purple petals with yellow markings and no visible anther filaments.
this flower has long violet petals with ruffled edges surrounding smaller petals in deep purple.
this flower has a dark purple petal with a yellow stigma in the center
this flower has purple and yellow petals with a long pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple and yellow shading
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this purple, yellow, and white flowers has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has light purple petals with a darker purple petal at the center.

the flower shown has pink petals in the shape of an acorn
this flower has petals that are upright intertwined and dark pink.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers and folded up
this flower has pink petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has a cone-like shape consisting of many layers of pink and white petals.

this is a flower that has four yellow round petals.
this flower has bright yellow petals and pistil as its main features
this flower has multiple yellow stamen and four large yellow petals.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded.
this small blossom has four petals which are bright orangish yellow, the center parts are also yellow.
this flower has four very smooth orange petals with yellow edges.
a flower with short and wide petals that are yellow.
a uniformly yellow flower with four yellow petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded.

this flower has thick wide pink petals with slightly pointed edges which angle upwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has petals that are overlapping and pink with dark pink edges.
this is a flower that has layers of pink round shaped petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered on top of each other.
this flower has pink petals over a thick green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are dark pink and the pedicel is olive green
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a thick stalk that is green in color.

this flower has green anther and a purple stigma on top of white and purple petals.
this flower has long purple petals and long purple stamen coming out of it
this flower has petals that are light blue with purple and stringy stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are lavender with wavy filaments and white anthers.
the petals of the flower are light purple in color with broad green leaves.
the petals are long and thin and purple with long pointy pistil.
a flat purple flower with purple petals in two layers surrounding many green pistils.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen

a dark purple flower with a lime center, and a green stem.
this flower has light purple petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has dark purple flat petals and long, thin yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has deep blue petals with ridges at their center and short yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are purple.
five large purple petals surrounded yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple lavender in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.

the flower shown has several red petals, and yellow anthers.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the flower shown has a bright red colored petal with green pedicel
the flower has large red petals that are round and overlapping.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with wavy and curled petals.
this flower has rounded bright orange petals in an overlapping ring formation with small yellow stamen.
this red flower has multiple trumpet shaped petals and yellow stamen poking out the center.
this flower has jagged red petals with a yellow stamen
an orange pedaled flower that has some yellow in center.

this flower has petals that are green wiht purple stiamne
the center of the flower is of various colors such as purple, maroon, white and yellow.
the flower has many colors such as blue white purple with a green style
this flower has white petals with a white and purple colored stigma.
a flower with a lot of different colors with a large ovary
flower that has long, skinny, fringed petals with a white stigma and dark brown anther.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower is white and blue in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has green petals with long and string purple stamen
a flower that has long skinny petals that are purple and white.

light purple flayed petals with a dark purple center revealing a light pink and white pistil.
the flower is rounded purpl in color with one large pistil hanging over the light purple colored stamen
this flower has light purple petals with a darker purple center and a white stigma in the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has a large bright purple petal with a white stigma in the middle
this flower has funnel-like shape and it is light purple in color with a white pistil.
this flower has connected lavender petals that get pinker the closure to the pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
the anther and filament are white, with overlapping, purple petals surrounding it.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a long stigma
this is a yellow flower with ruffled petals and long yellow anthers.
this star-like flower has bright yellow petals and a yellow and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange shading
this flower has large yellow petals that turn orange on the exterior.
this yellow flower has ruffled petals with large stamen in the center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are thin and yellow.

this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and large.
paper white flowers on mauve-colored stems with the ovary, stamen, and style opening on the bottom.
this flower has a white petal and a brown pedicel
a flower with white petals and no visible stamen in sight.
the petals on this flower are white and squarish in shape.
the flower has opal white petals with a thick tannish brown pedical
this flower has petals that are white and is folded upwards
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pedicel.
a flower with a long pedicel and large white petals
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and thin.

the petals of theflower are colored purple and the anthers are yellow.
this flower has several upturned layers of pale pink petals with slightly tapered tips.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has large pale pink petals with a cluster of yellow and white stamen coming out of a green ovule.
the beautiful flower has pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner in different layers around the yellow disc of stamens
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals are long and thin and pink and the stamen are yellow and white.
this flower has a couple of layers of oblong light pink petals arranged in a ring formation.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this is a sunflower with white petals with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow pistil and smooth white petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this big flower has multiple white finger like petals with a yellow middle.
this flower has lots of white petals arranged in a disk formation with a yellow center.
this flower has a wide yellow center and long, rounded white petals.
this flower has multiple thin white petals with a wide yellow center.

this flower is white and red in color, and has a large style that is white.
the flower has petals of a white color with a long pronounced pistil.
this large petaled flower has a dull pink color with a red receptacle and small sprouts on the stigma.
this is a hibiscus flower that has white petals and a red center, with a long protruding pollen tube.
a white and red flower with a large pollen tube with yellow on the tip
the white pedals are rounded with a deep pink color in the middle and a long pink/yellow pistil extending from the middle
this flower has broad curved white petals, a red ovule, white stamen, a yellow pollen tube, and orange anther filaments
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pink near the base of the ovary.
this flower has soft white petals with a long green pistill in the center.
the flower has a long stamen, with wide pink petals with red in the center, and thick jagged green leaves.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
leaves are green in color,flower petals are rounded in shape and are yellow in color
this small flower has bright yellow petals, stamen, and anthers.
a small flower with yellow petals and tiny yellow stamen with green sepal.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the yellow flower has rounded petals with green stems
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has small yellow petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has very small rounded petals that slightly overlap and are yellow.
this flower has fan shaped yellow petals surrounding yellow stamen.

this flower has long peach colored petals with brown spots, and multiple long stamens.
this flower is orange and black in color, and has petals that are curved upward and spotted.
this unique flower features draping stamen and polka-dotted petals.
the flower is upside down that has orange petals with violet spots and also it has a lengthy stamen
this unique flower has curved waxy petals that are orange with dark brown spots.
the petals of this flower are orange with black spots and the pedicel is green
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
long stigma with hook like ending with spotted orange petals
this flower has long orange petals with purple spots and they curl away from the long stamen.
the stamens of the flower are predominately orange, with a vibrant red tip.

this flower has light purple petals that turn dark purple in the center of the flower and have a trumpet like appearance.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
a flower with it's petals in the shape of a purple star with purple stamen at it's center.
a purple flower that has dark purple in the center of the flower.
this flower has purple petals with green sepals and an hollow style.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark dots
a light purple flower with ruffled petals with a dark purple center and long light purple stamen with dark purple anther filament.
this particular flower has petals that are light purple and dark purple

this flower has bright yellow petals with a brownish design leading inward to the pistil.
the petals on this flower are yellow with some brown lines.
this yellow flower has outer petals leaflets, and the stamen matches the entire flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines
this flower has very long, curved and irregularly shaped yellow petals, with orange accents.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the bright yellow petals have brown stripes and the sepals are long and green.
this flower has bright yellow petals of different shapes and sizes and ends that curl downward.

this flower contains a prominent ovary containing yellow stamens surrounded by elongated white oval petals.
the flower had long skinny white petals with a yellow fuzzy middle.
composite flower with showy white petals and tiny yellow flowers emerging from thick green pedicel.
the pretty little flower is white with a yellow center.
that flower has a nice yellow middle and beautiful white petals.
this flower has a wide yellow center and long thin white petals.
a pistil and white petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color and the center is yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has numerous overlapping layers of ruffled petals, which are white with borders of deep fuchsia.
the petals on this flower are white with red on the fringes.
this flower is white with densely placed petals that are red on the edge.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are closely bunched together.
the numerous petals are all you can see on this flower, which are bright white with all the edges tipped in red.
the petals of this flower are white and have red on the tips
this flower has small white petals with dark red edges that are bunched tightly together.
this white and red flower has rounded pedals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink sides
this flower has many tiny petals that are white with red on the outside edges.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has yellow pistil and yellow petals as its main features
a flower with large yellow petals in a star formation
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
the flower has a set of 6 yellow petals and a small flower-like shape in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
this flower has bright yellow petals in a star like configuration.
this flower has a layers of separate yellow petals which surround one circular petal, and within that petal are yellow stamen.
this flower has six pointed yellow petals surrounding a ruffled trumpet shape.
this flower has large yellow petals and long yellow stamens.

the flower shown has white petals with light pink at the start of the petal.
this uniquely shaped flower has several fluttery petals and a tubular center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are curved.
white petals on the ends in an oval shape and pink heading toward the stamen.
the flower is on a wooden stalk and is white in color with pink detailing.
this flower has smooth white petals with a light pink ovary.
this flower has white oval shaped petals with a pinkish purple middle.
this flower has long and very smooth white petals with pale pink accents.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pedicel.

this flower has petals that are pink with shades of white
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have brown stems.
flower has petals that are dark pink with white edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the pedicel
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has wide and very smooth petals which are pale pink with brighter centers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has pink and white petals that are upward pointing.
this flower is pink and white in color, with oval shaped petals.

this flower has several small, long red petals with yellow tips, surrounding a large burgundy and yellow ovule.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
a flower with red petals accompanied by orange tips with maroon pistils.
a flower with red bodied petal with an orange tip and a dark red center.
this flower has long, thin red petals with rounded yellow tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has many slender long petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are red with yellow tips.

this small purple flower has several flat petals and white and purple stamen
this flower has dark purple peddles and white pistil with purple tips.
there are long, pointed magenta petals surrounding magenta stamen and white stigma supported by a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink with burgundy stamen.
this flower has pinkish purple stamen and petals, the petals are somewhat skinny and also have a few black lines going down the petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma
this flower has a purple pedicel, purple anther filaments, white stamen, and purple petals.
dark purple, narrow, pointed petals surround a rounded cluster of purple petals over white stamen.
this flower has purple petals with many purple stamen and a white ovary.

this petals on this flower are white with greenish veins.
the flower sepals are green in color, the flower is capsule shaped and white in color
this trumpet shaped white flower has conjoined petals with ruffled edges and slight green vein accents.
the flower has petals that are white with white filaments.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
the flower has white petals with white anther and a green sepal and pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
this flower has a funnel shaped petal that is white with yellow veining.
this flower has five white petals which are conjoined into a ruffled star shape.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
a flower with billowing white petals and verdant bright green sepals.
this specimen is white but this family of plants can also produce pink flowers; the blooms are unusually shaped with the two main petals facing the front positioned vertically one above the other, and other petals to the back positioned horizontally.
the flower is made of white petals that are curled along the edges.
this flower has small green sepals surrounded by large, flat white petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has white petals that are crumpled at the edges
the petals of the flower are ruffled in appearance and are white in color.
this flower is white in color, with wavy and curled petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white and wavy.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.

