Two birds standing on the back of a giraffe.
A tabby cat standing in a partially closed brown suitcase. 
A person holding a doughnut in their hand. 
Woman looking at lot that is filled with motorcycles
A stoplight with a speed radar on top.
An army airplane parked at the airport beside another airplane
A train arrives in a residential area on a sunny day,
THERE ARE TWO WHITE TOILETS THAT ARE IN THE BATHROOM
a silver fork and some sliced carrots and fish
There are people skiing down the snowy hill.
Three zebra are grazing on grass in the field
A train station with an eagle statue at the top. 
A man in a park area flying a kite
A person is getting ready to serve a tennis ball.
A group of basket ball players jumping into the air.
Two fake zebras are composed of materials and placed on grass. 
Kneeling snowboarder smiles on snowy slope with mountain in the background
A woman walking toward the ocean with her surf board
a cat standing on the edge of a toilet bowl with its front paws inside of the toilet.
Zebra in a cage at a zoo next to lots of trees.
A neat and tidy living room during the day time
A black cat looks out from the inside of a car. 
A hamster and some broccoli on a surface.
A bowl of several different types of vegetables.
Two giraffes that are standing in the grass.
A woman in a short skirt playing tennis.
A man holding a blue frisbee bending over into a lake.
Man standing in grassy field with assistant nearby ready to fly kite.
A large sign that shows "Western Square" as well as other words.
Food set out on an outdoor picnic table.
A stop sign leans to the right at a small town intersection
Holiday decorations are hanging from the ceiling of a cluttered living room.
several giraffe sitting and standing in a fenced in area.
a bed with a big grey comforter on it 
A sink sitting in the middle of a bunch of clutter.
A sandwich has cheese, veggies, and pickles on it.
A bed with a bed frame made of pipe
A couple of animals that are walking in the dirt.
A man sits on his bed with a laptop in his bedroom as a ray of sunlight streams through the window. 
A dark red minivan is stopped at the stop sign by the corner of two quiet streets in town.
a man is standing next to a white horse
a big red bus that is driving down the road
The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.
This video game has a Wii device and instructions.
A mother zebra and her baby standing next to a fallen tree.
A person laying on the ground near a two buildings.
A person holding a tray with a doughnut in it.
A low lit bedroom with bed, mirror and television.
there is a baby with a pacifier in his mouth and a tie on
A lot of papers on top of a bed.
THERE ARE PEOLE SITTING IN A WAITNG ROOM
tourists riding and petting an elephant at a tourist attraction
A skateboarder flipping his board on a street.
A young man holding a red tennis racquet.
A SOUPLE OF PEOPLE FLYING A KITE IN A OPEN FIELD
Two men standing near a brown horse in a stable.
A blue and cream-colored bus is parked on a cobblestone surface.
A group of people standing in  a grassy field
a man on a dirt bike poses for a picture.
A couple of large airplanes out in the open.
A black train parked next to a building and a jeep.
A person crafting a kite around two sticks.
A vase with flowers in it on a counter. 
people holding onto umbrellas while walking down a wet road 
a woman in a dress and a umbrella 
A skate board rider skating on the edge of a ramp.
A crowd of people enjoying a day at the park.
an image of a slice of pizza on a plate
The other side of the track at a train station is under construction.
The zebras are walking over the dirt road.
A man in a black tank top sits at a large wooden desk while looking at an open keyboard.
a baby wearing a pink top is sleeping in bed with some pillows
A group of people that are standing near elephants.
Boats in a river with trees alongside in a rural setting.
A girl wearing a red tank top and blue pants playing tennis.
A picture of a cheese and fruit plate in a restaurant.
Small bird with black and blue on its wings standing on top of grass. 
A plate that has a pizza on it.
An old train is pulled up by a platform.
Two teenaged girls sitting in armchairs at a public library and cutting sheets of craft paper with scissors.
A yellow and red street sign mounted on a pole.
A banana and a can of tomato soup are resting on a white surface. 
People are standing in the street while talking.
A person in a blue coat sits on top of a snowy slope.
A skier goes air born while skiing down a hill
A living room with a wooden entertainment center.
The child and the man were playing a video game.
A sheep standing near a table and chair decorated with flowers.
A computer set up on a glass desk.
 a pitcher on the mound throwing the ball
A mirror that is slightly fogged and a sink. 
A brightly painted food truck with balloons attached.
The woman in the black and white dress has a colorful tattoo.
A meal consisting of a large salad and a half of a sandwich. 
A baseball player is looking at another player as he runs.
a public bus on the road in a foreign country
A black and white scene of an umbrella on the beach.
A dog sitting in the leaves with a frisbee in it's mouth.
A person with a surfboard stands on dunes, overlooking the waves below.
A bike is locked and hanging from a door.
A line of carriages with horses attached to them.
A large sculpture placed at an overlook area in front of a glass building
A group of people riding motorcycles on a road and stopping and a stop sign.
A monitor is displaying a blue screen on the desktop as it sits next to two speakers, a keyboard and a mouse.
A young boy stands in the middle of a pack of motorbikes.
The sandwich, other food, and fork sit on the plate.
a hummingbird feeder sits in a tree branch
A plate of corn, broccoli, and some beef with a fork. 
White sailboat sitting in a shallow area at a Pier. 
A large freight train driving along a lush green forest.
Two elephants are walking through the grass together
A fireplace in a living room with brown blinds. 
Three dogs playing with a disk toy in the park.
A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.
Glass vase with large flower displayed on wooden table.
A small train is traveling in front of the building. 
a room that has a stove and a icebox in it
A giraffe standing amongst tall, dry grass under a tree
Two people windsurfing with a boat behind them.
A tall building alongside other buildings stands behind a tree.
A rider taking a horse over a jump made of car tire halves.
Four lambs on a farm enjoy eating their hay.
A large truck on the street in front of a music store.
A blue bus sitting in a parking lot
 bunch of laptops are in a room
Children are sitting on the side of the boat in the water.
A dog that has its head out of  car window.
Many people on a courtyard under a clock.
A street sign attached to a traffic light pole in an intersection.
Girl riding a bicycle past a picture of a fanciful zebra on a wall.
A young girl eating lunch if fruit in a cool spot of shade.
A stack of suitcases on brown table next to a wall.
A women flies a kit at the beach.
An officer is crossing the street with a bus approaching.
Skateboarder performing aerial trick on partly cloudy day.
A computer desk with several pieces of computer equipment.
A dog is sleeping on a couch next to a person
a man standing in front of a motor home with blue containers of water.
A person laying on a bed in front of a laptop.
A smiling man holding a knife near a cake.
A woman racing a brown horse while a man in a beige hat watches. 
A vase of flowers on a dining table.
A double deck red bus driving on a street.
a closeup of pasta and broccoli covered in a creamy white sauce
A ram sheep feeding from a wooden trough. 
A bright computer screen inside of a room.
An old fire hydrant sitting outside in the grass. 
A living room with an open door, a chair, and a television.
a close up of a train at a platform with its doors open
a car that has been converted into a boat floating on water
a long yellow train that is on a train track
The silver pick up truck is parked off to the side.
This is an image of a person riding a bicycle
An audio cord with a speaker, computer and keyboard.
An orange and yellow train on train tracks going through the countryside.
A red stop sign covered with the words "Go Zone".
A man is carrying a pink and black surf board while two men are smiling at him in the background.
A street sign for queen street with a colorful representation of the street on the pole
A teddy bear that is sitting next to some item on a table.
two motorcycles and a bicycle and some windows
An old man standing in a kitchen posing for a picture.
A woman with a plate of meat and potatoes eating dinner
an image of a woman that is eating dinner at a restaurant
A slice of casserole with steamed broccoli on a plate.
A SMALL LIVING WITH REFRIGERATOR AND A DEEP FREEZER
a man is riding a wave on a surfboard
a child standing in front of a television in a living room.
Black and white photo of an old dock with low water.
A public bathroom with sinks, urinals, and toilet stalls.
Two cats looking out of a window at a dog.
Containers with different types of food inside of them. 
A bed that is in a room with a light next to it.
A bird perched on top of a tree branch.
An elephant in a zoo walks behind the Asian Elephant sign.
Various decorated donuts are stacked on top of each other.
The Christmas figurines are each playing different instruments.
A man shaving in a large bathroom mirror.
A man is throwing a Frisbee outside at the park.
A large white passenger airplane on an airport runway.
A little dog rests her head in an open book.
A polar bear buries its head under the rump of another polar bear.
A bathroom has a towel hanging on the tub.
Two vans are parked next to each other.
a lady that is riding on a big horse
A completely white bathroom with no shower curtain
a train speeding down a track in the city
Road construction truck pulled on side of the road.
A black and white sign on a black wall.
Leader of elephant herd heading into the brush after crossing a road.
a bunch of cars and motorcycles parked on the side of the road 
A fridge with a lot of magnets in a kitchen.
an image of a man wearing shirt  and tie
A woman on a surfboard riding a very small wave.
A little girl holding up a smart phone.
A three door fridge is in a cluttered kitchen.
A car at a show with people in background.
A man in white shirt doing a skateboarding trick.
A person on skis is skiing down a snowy hill. 
A rainbow of kayaks arrayed on the sand flats at the water's edge.
a nude woman tied up with rope that barely covers up the private parts 
Three people posing on a mountain on skis and snowboards.
Food items next to beverage displayed on wooden surface.
A woman propped up on a bench with a book in her hand.
A living room area with an animal skin rug featured.
A soccer goalie holding a soccer ball with his hand.
A family of giraffes at a zoo with rocks in the background.
A man poses for a picture while on his motorcycle.
pair of zebras grazing in a desert setting.
A suitcase on a boat in the water.
A refrigerator door filled with hot dogs and milk.
a couple of people standing on a peer 
A view of kitchen, dining area and living room of a house.
An airplane parked on a runway with the name "Star Alliance" on the side of the plane.
A photo of the back of a public transportation bus with anime advertisement.
a man lies on the floor next to some gadgets
Two black and white cats are sitting on a tile floor.
The child is flying a kite on the beach.
A tennis player in a red shirt and white pants.
Large tour boat making its way across the water with a city scene in the backgorund
A small public restroom with a white sink and urinal.
this is a bear climbing on a tree
A woman stands on a green tennis court with the crowd watching.
A woman is clutching her pink umbrella against the wind
A boat is loaded with a large amount of suitcases.
A group of women sitting around a large wooden table.
a man with a long messenger bag sits on a scooter
The two skateboarders are trying the new tricks they have learned.
A yellow domestic cat sitting on the seat of a motorcycle.
A number of people around a large table working on laptop computers.
A young girl in tennis shoes riding a skateboard.
A man in shorts is holding a tennis racket
Donuts hanging up on as peg ready for sale
A person in a subway station with a dog in a backpack.
A bathroom sink cluttered with multiple personal care items.
a couple of kids that are playing on the ground
A man with a glass of wine in his hand.
A man and woman are cutting a cake.
Tennis player smiling and sitting on a bench.
Street and multiple traffic signs at an intersection 
these are two elephants on the dirt at the zoo
A tall stuffed bear displayed in a store.
There is a white plate with meat and broccoli on it
a partially eaten piece of quiche by a keyboard 
A woman sits at table ready to have breakfast with a friend
The bears are looking for a good place for a den.
A group of people are gathering with bags near a boat.
there is one orange laying among five bananas
a number of people in a room with a person playing nintendo wii
Fans watch as a baseball player is about to take his best swing. 
Two knives placed  on a dining table
A man sitting on a sidewalk next to a suitcase and a pigeon.
A group of street signs with a cloudy blue sky in the background.
Person tiding an orange motorcycle with one had raised.
Their underbelly of the surfboard shows that it has been used frequently.
We see a street sign with houses in the background.
Two small cows that are standing on some grass.
Broccoli, carrots and a small amount of potatoes on a plate.
A person on a snowboard in the snow.
A team plays baseball on a baseball field.
A man reaching up into the air to grab a blue frisbee.
A green bus parked next to a red bus on a city street.
Two unbaked, homemade pizzas on a baking tray.
A bowl of some meat substance, broccoli, and rice.
a living room full of chairs and a big window 
a man is holding a tennis racket at a game
the two friends are sharing information from the computer.
A laptop on a special stand near a desk in a yellow room.
A person is under the sink in a bathroom.
A woman catches a soccer ball during a game. 
Clouds soar above a tall building on a sunny day.
People walking in the rain in a busy city.
A man getting ready to eat a large sandwich.
A large wooden clock in a small room.
A bench sitting in the snow in front of a body of water.
A person prepares a sandwich on a plate.
A woman taking a picture of a Christmas tree.
a train on a train track at a train station
A group of people are riding horses on a beach.
A man sits on a roof above his deck adjusting an umbrella.
Two cell phones and an eyeglass case are on a table. 
A man in black jacket next to a red motorcycle.
An orange tabby cat lying in a bathroom sink.
The train is travelling down the tracks of the road.
A young boy is using a video game remote controller.
A white living room that is very large.
A bus making a right turn at an intersection.
A Three toilets in a bathroom that do not have stalls.
A man swings a tennis racket as people watch from the stands.
A person rides a bike down a pier at sunset.
a small kid playing with a soccer ball 
A couple of bathroom sinks sitting under a bathroom mirror.
THERE ARE TWO BIRDS THAT ARE TOUCHING EACH OTHER 
A person is riding a red, white, and blue motorcycle.
There is a double decker bus near a line of palms.
A waterway under a bridge with people sitting down and a woman taking a photo.
A beautiful young lady swinging a tennis racquet.
A polar bear swimming up close to a photographer.
A large adult zebra stands in a pile of sand.
A person sitting in the snow with a snowboard attached to their feet and snow covered areas around them.
A group of friends smiles around a pizza.
Two tennis players play tennis on the court.
A snowboarder is doing a trick in the air.
A box of donuts that is opened up.
Group of people looking at an airplane through a metal fence. 
a bike resting against a boat out side
Corner of dilapidated gray building on city street.
A woman taking a selfie in a mirror in a public bathroom. 
a close up of a person wearing a sweater and a tie
a number of people walking near many buildings 
A street sign that says, "Schwalbenstrasse" in Germany. 
Two elephants taking a stroll in the wilderness.
A group of motorcycles parked next to each other on a street.
A MAN IS EATING A TALKING ON THE PHONE 
A man holding a blue toothbrush, brushing his teeth. 
A boy playing a video game in front or a flat screen television that is mounted on a wall.
A bathroom sink has a running facet and bamboo plant.
A close-up photo of a bird perched on a tree branch.
Two stainless steel refrigerators that are in a store.
A knife covered in guts next to a bowl.
some blue red orange and white street signs and some people
Two motorcyclists near a purple motorcycle towing a trailer.
A person on a skateboard does an air trick.
A crowd of people flying kits on a beach next to the ocean.
Buildings near train tracks as a train comes out of a tunnel.
Stacks of Dominos Pizza boxes with a pizza
A toilet with a wooden lit and two unique bowls.
A white bathroom with all of the necessities.
Four photographs of a clock at different times and woman.
An airplane sitting on concrete near some hills.
Several children and some adults celebrating a birthday party.
TWO GIRAFFES EMBRACING ONE ANOTHER IN THE GRASS
Two snowboarders with red and green snowboards sit on a chairlift above a ski area.
A man in a leopard robe stands next to a bed
a  young man standing on a surfboard riding a wave in the ocean
A white car parked by the side of the road with a bunch of cows around it
The dog stares at the food inside the oven.
A black cow standing in a grassy field.
A mother and child holding remotes playing a video game.
This is a photo of someones bathroom in their home. 
A boy sitting on a skateboard with raised feet. 
A woman stands on a beach and throws a frisbee.
The old time fire engine joining the parade.
A apartment building with all glass windows around it .
a table with a camera, a remote and a person using a laptop computer
A group of dairy cows looking onward while in a pin.
a man with a bat walks as other look on 
A car that is next to a truck with boxes.
The cars are waiting at the stop light on the street.
A boy in a cowboy had posing for a picture with a dog.
An elderly man watching a small girl with a Frisbee clutched in her hand.
A tower that has a clock on the top of it.
A view of some alcohol with a glass filled.
A large piece of pizza is on a white plate.
white row boat propped up on crowded beach

A bear grazes in a meadow in front of a mountain forest.
Clock tower next to a large building in a city.
A cow tied to a rope is eating hay
A tiny wooden horse is on a big wooden chair.
THE DUMP TRUCK AND THE CRANE ARE WORKING 
A man in a suit and glasses poses with a dog
A man standing by a refrigerator with a baby sitting on top of it. 
A pair of rusty, old scissors lays on the ground next to a post.
Two people are in the background of a pigeon.
some rice chicken broccoli and carrots on a black plate
A ham and cheese bagel sandwich sliced in half on a plate.
There are two giraffes and a zebra walking around the dirt path.
Two adult sheep eat at the green grass.
four white sheep on a small hill grass and trees
A picture is taken of a man injured in the hospital.
a fruit stand on the side of a sidewalk.
The brown teddy bear is sitting on the table
A colorful kitchen is displayed under overhead lighting.
A man holding up his hand on a baseball field.
A horse that is standing in a grassy field.
A black and white cat standing on a white sheet outside of a cage.
Three brown bears beside each other with a blue background
People walking on sidewalk with yellow fire hydrant nearby
Temple Bar with museum signposts in the heart of Dublin
A living room has a couch, decorations, and some tables.
A man is working a pizza in a pizza oven
Commuter train moving through residential area over railroad crossing.
The plants are covered to protect them from the weather.
A woman smiles holding kites strings as a boy holds the kite.
A young woman flies a kite near a body of water.
A white faced clock with roman numerals surrounded by a painting.
A woman in bed with an oxygen tube and a dog.
a group of people sitting around a long table 
a close up of a man taking a bite out of a chocolate glazed sprinkled donut
The man is skiing down the snowy slopes.
A boy pouring some drink into a cup at a counter.
four urinals and its two sets of pipes
Two young men playing a game of frisbee.
A motorcycle standing on the edge of a paved road. 
A unique water fountain sits in the park by the beach.
It takes a lot of skilled workers to maintain this large clock.
A man standing in a  room holding a piece of purple luggage over his head.
a woman raising her arms up so she can serve a tennis ball 
A cellphone and scissors are next to a coffee mug.
A person sheering the wool off a sheep.
A laptop sits in front of a bigger monitor. 
a man stands in front of some zebras 
Two people standing at top of a ski slope with skis on.
A girl sitting on a bed with her head up.
A brown bear seen through the glass of its enclosure.
A woman with very sexy legs wearing zebra print high heels.
A glass bowl full of oranges is on the table.
A backpack rests in a chair next to a bed in a motel room.
A man with glasses on holding a cell phone up.
A dog catching a frisbee in a yard 
A backside view of an elephant standing in a brush.
A women who is standing holding some snow skis.
a close up of a cat on a couch 
A collage of several photos show outdoor scenes.
A shot of a field and road taken from outside of a vehicle window.
A large jet sitting on top of an airport runway.
A cat laying with some stuffed bears in a room.
Two kitties bask in the warm sunlight filtering through the blinds.
A herd of zebra standing under a rainbow.
A MAN IS MAKING A FACE WITH A CAKE 
A classroom area with several desks and chairs and windows along the wall.
a stuffed bear is hanging out of a window
A person extending a racquet toward a ball.
Two horses walking through the woods together .
A kitchen with wood cabinets and white appliances and countertops.
a giraffe standing in a straw field next to shrubbery.
A bathroom with two stalls, one toilet has the seat up, the other one has it down. 
A woman poses with a large teddy bear.
a cat sits on a floor next to a mouse 
A body of water containing boats, kayaks and people.
A piece of cake is on a plate with a fork near a bottle of cola.
a close up of a motorcycle parked on a dirt road
A lady is preparing pancakes in a charming white kitchen.
This is a picture of pancakes, bacon and coffee.
a thing of carrots that are laying on a board
A woman holding a cake with candles in it, as a man blows them out.
A man wearing a mask is doing some woodworking.
A big fire truck driving down the street.  
Man on tennis court poses for the camera
A bicycle leaning against a white dresser next to a bed. 
Two large birds are flying over the calm water. 
A red fire hydrant, sitting on on the road.
The woman is riding the waves on the water.
A desk is shown with two computers by a window.
two very big elephants walking in the wild 
Two dogs playing with each other in the grass.
A girl bending over petting a small pony.
A tennis player wearing an orange skirt holds her racket back as a yellow ball is in the air near her.
The stuff laying on the floor might be suitable for a wide range of children.  
A person climbing up a snow covered mountain.
A beautiful flower arrangement on a dining table surrounded by candles and glasses.
A lamp and chair with the foot of a bed and a persons feet.
ORIENTAL LADIES DRESSED UP EACH CARRYING AN UMBRELLA
This is an image of a meal with wine inside a home.
A young man standing on top of a green field.
The female tennis player is about to hit the ball.
A white toilet and tissue in a room.
A table containing a variety of food items.
An adult and child giraffe standing next to a street of traffic.
A herd of animals are resting under the shade of a tree.
A woman talking to a toddler with a cake on the table.
A cute little dog standing in a room.
Motorcycle rider and a black outfit riding on a course. 
The wooly sheep are grazing in the green pasture.
A young man is in blue and white playing tennis.
A bathroom with a sink, standup shower and tub.
A large dump truck surrounded by a fence.
A hot dog and french fries sitting on a plate.
Some Cows stand around some tall grass and trees on a sunny day. 
There is a stop sign and someone has vandalized the one beside it.
Small pails of oranges displayed on a shelf in a produce section.
A man goes surfing in the water in the ocean. 
A woman sitting next to another woman who is holding a cup and looking at her cellphone.
People on a tennis court with others watching.
there is white fridge that is open 
A group of elephants gathered near some poles.
Two model airplanes are on some grass, one is green.
A broken toilet with a polite request not to use.
A man riding a bike with an umbrella is going past a shop.
A man surfing while other people watch him from the beach.
a long train traveling  on some  railroad tracks 
A long green army trucks parked next to a group of men on a field.
An airplane is at an airport with yellow hoses by it.
The people was looking at the balls and chair
There are some flowers arranged in two vases
A table with one empty wine glass and another glass with wine in it. 
A grey and white cat sits near a laptop.
A bed with posts has a red glare to it.
Some parked airplanes and one airplane in the sky
A giraffe standing in front of a tree with more trees in the background.
A man with facial hair and no shirt looking sideways.
People are petting a horse that has a cop riding it.
An old clock tower next to a modern glass building.
Two dogs are sitting in the snow with its owner
A man holding a donut taken from a plate of donuts.
A display of teddy bears and sugary snacks
A kitchen with small photos of other walls in it 
Rows of clocks with buildings in the background.
A large crowd is watching a baseball game.
a couple of boats are in the water
A bird standing on the ground looking around
A kitten with its front paws on a keyboard.
The man is holding a donut in his hand. 
A teddy bear on the curb next to a dumpster. 
A three tiered wedding cake sits on a table.
A woman is holding a tennis racquet preparing to serve the ball.
A living room filled with lots of brown furniture.
An empty wooden bench near the waters edge.
An elephant that is standing next to some water.
A large sitting room with several couches and chairs.
A bed sitting next to two dressers and a chair by a window.
An engine of a train carrying carts by a building.
A white break room with a wooden floor
