A CLOCK IN A DEPOT WITH THE TIME READING 4:21
A bathroom with a modern white pedestal sink
The top of this yellow fire hydrant is missing.
a man standing on the beach holding onto a kite high in the sky
Plums and bananas are in a glass bowl. 
Blue and yellow train passing through the center of a city. 
a small boat in a body of water 
A herding dog faces a group of sheep grazing in a field.
A man covered in a net sits next to an umbrella.
A woman and her friend sitting at a table.
The boy is doing a trick on his skate board.
A mother zebra and her calf walking in a grassy field.
A television that has been placed on top of a refrigerator. 
Fruit and other edible snacks enclosed in glass containers. 
The yellow and green train is rounding the curve of the track.
A woman eating a sandwich near a campfire.
A child is holding a remote control in her hand.
Vintage black and white picture of a classroom of school boys.
A vase with red flowers on it next to a map.
A brown and black dog sticking its head out a window.
A mirror that is slightly fogged and a sink. 
A TV with a person being interviewed on the screen.
Black cows laying down in a pasture near a house.
Several people pose for a picture in front of a store.
A dark colored cat that is looking up at a television that is on and has a program playing on it.
Three zebras standing together as they drink water
There are many different types of donuts in the box.
A cordoned swimming area with warning sign and lifeguarding equipment.
A bullet train is traveling by a hill. 
A couple of slices of pizza and a glass of drink.
A yellow fire hydrant sitting next to red post.
a bathroom with a sink and a bath tub in it.
A double-decker bus parked in a parking lot.
a man with warm clothes skating on the snow
A snow covered parking lot meter in front of a building

A man rides a an inflatable chair as he rides down a river.
The man wearing a baseball glove is throwing a baseball.
A man Standing outside on a wet snowy evening.
Man in black shirt and black tie taking a picture with a black cell phone. 
A lamp shade turned inside out to look like a plant.
a scale model of a boat passing by a drawbridge
A zebra under a tree in an eclosed area in a zoo.
a large bed in a windowed wood cabin
This is an image of woman playing wii.
A snowboarder on their knees on the slope and a skier behind
One giraffe hides behind a tree as another giraffe relaxes in some brush.
a bedroom with some posters a blue and white bed and some pillows
children playing baseball in a wire fenced field.
A man is riding a wave as he surfs in the ocean.
A couple of giraffe sitting in the grass.
a man is skiing down a hill past a sign
a twisted vase holding some red flowers with leaves
A purple jointed stuffed teddy bear toy on a purple sheet
A bag, some candy, a notebook, picture, video camera and several other items are shown.
A giraffe and a zebra in a dirt field.
Firefighters putting out a truck that apparently caught fire.
Someone dressed in a snow suit on the groud .
A small child lies on a bench, holding a plastic snacks bag.
A kitchen stove with a red tea kettle sitting on it.
The long plate has cookies, fruit, and chocolate on it.
Someone who is cutting a cooked pizza with a pizza cutter.
A young child on a surfboard in a pool.
Park benches full of people lining a street.
Four decorative mental tins holding up wooden plank as if it were a bench.
A huge burrito contains rice, black beans, and guacamole.
A picture of a horse taken through a circular window
A couple of cats relaxing with each other on the bed.
a fire hydrant that has dirty, brown water inside
Many people stand with their skis on the snow.
A black and white picture of a man sitting on a bike. 
Two men are using sticks to paddle on a raft.
A dining table sits with a table cloth, near bright, open windows.
A giraffe stretching his neck to reach some tree leaves.
A full view of some items in a living huts made of straws. 
A display of teddy bears in assorted colors and sizes.
A motor scooter and a motorcycle parked with cars on a city street
two zebras are eating some grass and some trees
This is a white refrigerator in a kitchen.
Those look like remote or game controls in their hands.
 Several people gathered and waiting at a bus station.
Man looking at cell phone with beverage in hand.
A kitchen with a fridge, stove, window, and dining table.
The unmade bed has three pillows on it.
A counter with many different objects and pictures, next to fruit baskets. 
A laptop sitting on a desk near a cellphone, mouse, keyboard and monitor.
This is a woman with a cell phone resting on her face. 
A cat is wearing an orange and brown hat.
some pizza is laying on a black pan
A filthy bathroom with a grimy tub and toilet and grime covered floor and walls.
A bathroom has a large teal tub that takes up the entire room.
there are several brown bears walking along the log
A Gold Framed Clock tower about to strike the time 7:00.
An umbrella with a cat sitting underneath it.
A young man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
Two trains who are at a train station.
Motorcyclist on a white and blue bike making a turn.
A clock that is hanging on a wall above a window.
A floor lamp turned on in a dark room.
A plate with a variety of breads that are topped, a vegetable puree, and a creamy salad of peas.
A bus pulls up to a village on a near empty road.
A bathroom showing a full-sized and child-sized toilet and trash can.
Beach full of surfers inside and outside of the water.
A baseball player on the field in the motion of throwing the ball.
a female tennis player with a hat adjusting her tennis racquet
Three children eating pizza with adults behind them.
A teddy bear sits on top of the blanket.
A person sitting at a table with some food.
A cat lays across an electric piano set.
a public transit bus on a city street
a kitchen with plates a stove a sink and counter tops
Two small children pose together with skis and poles.
a toothbrush is in a small yellow cup
A crowd of people gathering and flying kites
There is a small child holding food in his hand.
A bathroom with a bath tub and a white toilet.
A group of three elephants standing along side of a river.
a close up of a kite flying in the sky
A woman in a chef coat holding bread loaves.
a large cruise ship parked next to some other ships
A living room and dining room are in pink and green.
Two elephants standing on top of a lush green field.
Horse and carriage going down the street in the city.
Two young men riding skateboards on a street next to a graffiti covered wall.
An adult man hugs a stuffed teddy bear.
A day time view of a narrow street in a city
Various street signs and a building next to a bridge.
A black bear in a tree at a zoo setting.
A cat squinting its eyes inside a suitcase 
