A white and grey horse and a brown and white horse eat grass. 
Two people using a mirror together to get groom themselves.
a close up of a cat laying in a bed 
A skateboarder rides down the street with a helmet
  a kitchen being remodeled with a microwave
Four brown and white birds on a lake
A bowl full of broth and pieces of broccoli with a spoon and fork.
A woman surfer riding the waves in the ocean.
young boy playing baseball and holding a baseball glove
a woman helping a mani with his bow tie 
A an opened book with book mark next to a DirectTV remote.
A cooked meal consisting of ham, broccoli, and potatoes.
A bathroom with many green tiles line the walls. 
A convex mirror hanging from the side of a bus.
A bus on the street with a lot of cars.
An empty street is lined with a sidewalk and buildings.
The surfers are ready for the waves coming their way.
Three toilets in a room with stickers on two of the toilets. 
A clock and sign on overpass with cars driving below. 
A clock face where it is indicating it is almost six forty.
A mean getting on to boat sitting in the water.
Players sit on the bench as their teammates play soccer
A long train is going down the tracks by phone poles.
a woman is wearing a black and white tennis dress
Motorcycle in a parking lot with other motor vehicles.
People are standing by cake on a flag tablecloth.
An airplane flying in the air with a cloudless sky.
A photo of a cat laying down on a blanket.
An intersection with two buses and a car
A boy riding a skateboard with large wheels down a grassy hill.
Soccer player wearing green and orange hitting soccer ball. 
A picture of a kitchen with a man cooking pizza
A young child on skis being held up by an adult.
A person sitting in the grass facing a group of people.
Bride and groom teddy bears on top of a table.
A clean kitchen with stainless steel cabinets and a stove filled with pans.
Two skiers pose side by side for a picture
a street sign crossing with the sky in the background 
Three giraffes standing together, each with its tongue out. 
A bench in front of a vine covered fence.
a small passenger plane sitting in a filed of airplanes
Two cats sitting on and next to a laptop.
A man riding a surfboard in the ocean on a wave.
Baggage carriers at an airport next to a jet liner
A black kitten sitting in an empty flower pot on a wall
The men are playing a game of baseball.
A plate topped with meat and veggies on a counter.
Three royal mounted guardsmen riding across a field.
Some bananas are for sale at a store.
A man holding an infant while checking his cell phone.
a vandalized stop sign in the dark with a sky background
An elephant and its large ears reflected in water
A cake sitting on top of a table next to a candle.
A panting dog lays on the grass next to a toy.
Two people sit at a table with two pizzas.
A women who is crossing the street with an umbrella.
Big bean bag seats under an umbrella on the shore of the beach.
A train on one of two of the train tracks.
The young soccer players are enjoying their intense game.
a male skateboarder is doing a skateboard trick
a batter at home plate getting ready to hit the ball 
white meat cooked with broccoli on a plate
A black cat sitting in front of a computer screen.
A small bird perched on some flower on a roadside
A white clock that is on the side of a building.
A cellphone rests on a bar counter beside a hand holding a lit match
A man sitting on a chair working on a laptop.
A guy is holding his brightly colored skateboard.
A group of bikers riding motorcycles on a dirt lot.
a man and woman are face to face for a picture.
A wooden rolling pin on a table nears some pizza topped with eggs.
A man sitting on a bench in a suit with sneakers on. 
a white phone cord and a phone and its phone wire
The young child is eating a donut in the car. 
Zebras, giraffes and camels stand under trees in a large enclosure.
A propeller plane flying through a blue sky.
The town has decorated the streets for the holiday.
family of four giraffes walking down the path
A man on a bike riding past a large horned animal.
A person stands in the snow holding a snowboard.
A chair and lighting is set up to take student portraits
A man looking through a bunch of pizza laying on the floor.
a fish eye lens photograph of a man standing in a stadium with stacked chairs
Two green flower vases are side by side.
Men gather around a counter with cooking items on it.
Two small children are skiing down a snow hill.
A dainty girl's bedroom with floral wall paper.
A green slide in a city park during the day.
A snowboarder sitting down with his snowboard on his feet.  
Speakers sit on top of two toilets in the bathroom.
A large ornate clock with gold colored trim
A colorful truck drives through the rainy street. 
Four workers stand around a fire hydrant talking.
A large jetliner flying through a Crystal blue sky.
Two remote controls are sitting on a couch cushion.
A white cup is stuffed with toothbrushes wrapped in plastic.
two hands typing on a keyboard in front of a computer monitor.
A clean and modern living room has its blinds open.
Train traveling along a track getting ready to cross a bridge over the water.
It's a bathroom with a glass walked shower and folded towels on the sink. 
A kitchen with a sink, cutting board and refrigerator.
A cream bathroom with red accents and open window.
A young child looks into the camera with wide eyes. 
A mustached man is eating a glazed donut.
An old, red truck sits in the foothills of a mountain.
A man is plowing a field with two horses.
Eleven apples packed inside a cardboard shipping box.
The clock is on the post on the side of the road. 
A man is sitting at the corner near a traffic light.
Two photos with boys on skateboards doing tricks 
Two zebras grazing on a bit of hay in a fenced area.
A group of zebras drinking in the water together
This is a man reaching in to a clay kiln.
A young adult female in hat and black v neck is looking into the camera.
some people talking to a referee on a tennis court 
A long haired man is sitting in a recliner playing video games.
Woman in red shirt jumping as she plays tennis.  
A dog has his chewing ball in his mouth. 
a small boy with a bat and ball on some grass
a blue and green pro tennis court and a tennis player
A white bed in a small hotel room
Giraffe kneeling on dirt near wire fence near tropical plants.
A red fire hydrant on a street corner near a sign
An elephant standing around in a pen, during the day.
Birds flying over cows in a green pasture.  
A boy is flying a kite with a blue tail.
A cat curled up on a bed with a book beside him.
A metal building with buckets and barrels inside.
A red boat pulls up to a mossy shore
A lone duck swimming in the grey green water of a marsh.
A hot dog on a plate with a lot of toppings
A woman on the waters edge with two umbrellas, and a boat in the background.
The meal on the food tray is prepared and ready to be eaten.
A baby looking up while sitting in a suitcase full of clothes.
A bus parked on a street with a bicycle attached to the front.
A computer keyboard on top of a wooden desk.
a crowd of people are all gathered inside 
A long haired cat sitting on a refrigerator
A couple embraces under an umbrella in the rain
A passenger jet flies during daytime in the sky.
A black and yellow train engine next to buildings.
A baseball player taking a swing at a ball
A boy is skate boarding in a ramp.
a bunch of cars that are on a street
there are four giraffes that are standing together
A person that is skateboarding on a sidewalk.
A bus yard filled with lots of yellow school buses.
The food and the alcoholic beverage are sitting on the table.
A large bus parked on the side of the street.
A plane from the old world flies across the sky. 
Me and vegetables being cooked inside a silver pot. 
a man is standing on a skateboard on a street
a small bird on a branch in a tree near leaves
Black bear lying on grass while facing the camera.
An open faced sandwich on a plate with a  fork.
This is a group of elephants on a grassy plane.
A train is riding the tracks near a mountain range.
A partially eaten piece of pizza on tin foil
A few motorcyclists exiting the road in neon vests
A person skiing down a snow covered slope. 
Flowers are arranged in a vase sitting on a table.
A group of cows stand and lay within a field.
A man walking besides cows down a road. 
Two men sitting across from one another with a table in between.
a man sitting down in front of his skiis
a view of a counter top in a diner
A dramatic and glowing bit of European architecture.
A group of people are getting some food and drinks together.
A woman on a beach flying a kite.
An empty kitchen area painted green with bulbous lights.
A giraffe licking a fence post while standing in a coral.
A table with a plate of dinner and something to drink. 
A little girl holding a polka-dot umbrella on a sidewalk.
A wind up alarm clock next to a window.
A very large building with the sun shining through the windows.
Two yellow trolley trains are on the tracks.
a suitcase with writing on it sitting next to a guitar
A man and a woman outside with a dog.
A stop sign is next to a tall apartment building.
A toothbrush is sitting inside a cup next to a sink.
Empty city intersection in the early morning hours.
A family of zebras walking together in the dirt.
A full view of some items in a living huts made of straws. 
A pair of elephants are shown in a field.
The guy has three ties on his shoulder.
A man walking near a shoreline with a surf board under his arm.
A dog laying on the floor of a tiled hallway.
Group of people on horseback riding towards a red building. 
A giraffe walking along a stone path next to green grass.
A group of people are taking photos with their phones.
A lot of surfboards lined up in racks, at the beach.
some kind of chicken, rice, and vegetable dish on a pizza tray being served to a man.
A small kitchen has overhead storage, small appliances, and a red table.
A big furry bear standing in the middle of a field
A couple of clocks that are on the side of a building.
Tow children sit at wooden benches while using their laptops.
A person standing on a snowboard in the snow. 
A group of commuters on a busy subway car or a bus.
Three wild goats playing on a rocky mountainside.
a chubby man making a silly face for the camera 
a mattress is laying on a dirty concrete slab
A man looking in the window of a cafe.
a gray race horse being let by a man
A man on a tennis court holding a yellow tennis racket. 
A stalk of many banana's hanging from a plant.
A person is reading a text on a cell phone.
A colorful display of kites flying above a city park.
A man is dressed in a long collar shirt with tie and hat. 
A man takes a picture of an elephant's trunk.
A bright umbrella on a patio with stone steps leading to it.
A man at a counter in a kitchen with a red chair. 
A woman is at a dining table with a pizza.
a man and a women using  sign to protest.
A group of men standing on a tennis court holding racquets.
A clock with two statues on the table
A glass shower is next to a toilet.
Queens Library cargo truck parked at a street meter.
Guy in a shirt and tie sits with his hand on his face
A man tennis player holding a tennis racket in the middle of a swing.
Children are sitting on a red park bench
a close up of a person with a pair of scissors 
A woman having a drink while wearing an ID badge.
A red bench that is sitting on a sidewalk.
A woman seems to be observing the sheep in the wild. 
A group of three clocks handing from wires.
Families with strollers in a park with trees in blossom and kites flying in the air.
a cat sits in front of a remote control 
a little girl that has a dog on a leash
A row of busses in dirt area with people standing around.
A wooden bench in the lush garden of a cottage.
A baseball player tightens his gloves before the next pitch.
a no turning sign is hanging off the side of a building
a group of people chop some food on a table 
Luggage on a carousel at the airport with people gathered around to pick it up.
LOTS OF BROKEN TOILETS SITTING OUT ON A LAWN
A leafy green vegetable atop dough on a bread board.
A man posing in front of a large truck.
A group of men riding skateboards on top of a skateboard ramp.
A man flying through the air on top of a wooden ramp.
an image of a plane taking off from an airport
A woman walking down a street holding an umbrella.
A chocolate cake with flowers and purple candles.
A fire hydrant is next to the curb.
The long plate has cookies, fruit, and chocolate on it.
a baby looking at a laptop in a highchair
A batter swings the bat as the crowd watches attentively.
Black and white photograph of a woman and baby.
a bunch of people walking off a small plane 
a table top with some food on top of it 
two twin beds side by side inside a room
A little girl sitting in a restaurant eating a meal.  
This is some ones lunch and drinks that they are having for lunch.
Lady walking down rainy street with umbrella approaching a Levi's Store.
There is one bed and a window in the room.
A man on a bicycle is looking at a semi truck.
Two men speaking to a woman from behind a desk.
A computer keyboard, wireless mouse, and portable monitor.
A couple of small birds and a building.
A traffic sign with multiple stickers on it. 
White desk with computer screen and office supplies on top.
a nude man brushing his teeth with the window shades open
Two young giraffes are playing by a small ravine
A large sandwich on a table, a bowl of snacks and someone holding a hot dog on a carry out tray.
A bathroom with a tub, toilet, sink, a counter and a cabinet in it.
A pile of luggage sitting on the floor.
A man brushing his teeth showing off his brand of toothpaste.
A group of jet planes sitting on top of an airport tarmac.
Large set up of glasses and plates in a kitchen cupboard. 
A boy is swinging his bat at the ball in a baseball game.
A bird sitting on the slope of a roof.
A red and black train is traveling down the tracks. 
A cat is drinking something from a glass.
A couple of people sit on a motorcycle next to a white car. 
A ban and boy are posing for a camera.
A herd of brown cows is on a grassy hill.
A boat is sitting overturned on the shore near the water. 
A dog is at a birthday party that has dog themed plates, hats, snacks and cake.
There is a man working on a laptop.
A street sign that has been filled with stickers.
A cat is sitting on a blue block observing an entertainment center. 
The video game controller is laying on a table next to a glass.
A close up of the face of a zebra grazing the grass.
A woman walking along the beach flying a kite.
Elderly  gray haired man in a suit scowling into the camera.
Decorated cake in rainbow colors congratulating a baby
A man carries a bag of food and a drink away from a roadside eatery.
A stop sign next to a small tree in the grass.
A large river with the Big Ben clock tower next to it.
A view of a baseball game with many players on the field.
A small kitchen with white appliances and wooden cabinets.
A grassy area with two kites flying in the sky.
a piece of meat with sliced veggies with it on a plate 
a man sleeping in his bed with three dogs
A surfer looks out to sea on a dreary day.
A smiling young boy lying on a surfboard rides in on the surf.
A woman is standing on a surfboard, riding a wave.
A peson talks on a phone while playing on a computer
a man that is walking down a sidewalk
A snowboarder on the slope laying on his board
A rusted fire hydrant next to a metal rail
A girafee is standing tall in the middle of a lawn. 
there is a bowl of bread and a plate with spread on it
A soccer team celebrates three players by lifting them up.
A brown horse stands near another white horse.
A vintage bus is parked under an overhang
A white bowl filled with apples and cinnamon.
a woman is sitting in front of some ice cream on a table
An office meeting room with projection on screen, and tables, with man sitting, and a laptop, bottles and glasses.
A large number of food in a store 
A small plane flying through a cloudy evening sky.
A car that is stopped at three street lights.  People are waiting to cross the street.
A woman is standing in the kitchen with another woman.
A man and a woman walking towards a food vendor that is across the street.
A fire truck and ambulance parked next to a fire hydrant shooting water into the street.
A bird perched in a green leaf filled tree.
A bench right next to some tall grass at the edge of a body of water.
A stuffed bear is on someone's red jacket
Several elephants are lined up at a metal fence.
Several pieces of fruit together in a basket.
Train drives down the tracks along the treeline
A large vase next two to a other smaller vases.
The guy is looking at the camera while the girl is looking at her phone.
there are waffles with chicken and some fruit
Future baseball star about to hit a home run.
A building with a clock on it and lights shining on it 
A young man sits on the edge of his seat as he plays a video game.
A man holds up a bunch of four red bananas.
A regular patterned and an albino peacock sitting on chairs across from each other.
A young woman sitting on an outdoor bench.
A group of different types of doughnuts in a box.
A box with picture of a yellow banana advertising on it.  
A black cat licks some sugared doughnut holes.
A woman in a wetsuit is carrying her surfboard. 
A man is in the ktichen and the living room is painted blue.
A girl using a computer sits on her bed.
Two horses running around a dirt race track
a small kid plays in a park 
a room with some furniture and tables inside of it 
A powdered doughnut hole filled with chocolate. 
There are five birds perched on the branch of the tree. 
a  vehicle with many people even on top
A ski racer skiing through a course marked by poles.
A woman moves her arm playing a video game as others watch. 
Wearing a white tennis outfit and white cap a man gets ready to hit the tennis ball.
Group of cats sitting on top of a bed with red blankets. 
A woman is reviewing an order with two others.
The elephants are walking through the trees in the shade.
a guy on a skate board riding in the street
Surfboards lined up behind people on a beach.
Two rather old parking meters with a building in the rear.
The backside of a dog sitting on a chair.
a close up of a bowl of food on a table 
A man is getting ready to put on skis
A picture of a pitcher in a baseball game.
A little boy standing  on top of a tennis court.
Cat sleeping in front of a powered on laptop computer.
Several cars are parked in front of the building.
A stop sign with graffiti that reads "gentrifying georgetown."
A teddy bear sitting near a rail over looking a crowded beach.
A herding dog faces a group of sheep grazing in a field.
The chef in the black and white photo is smiling in the kitchen.
a powered on open laptop and a keyboard.
tennis partners one man is returning the ball
A white cat sitting in a sink while licking its nose.
A few people standing on top of a hill flying a kite.
some people sitting on a bench while wearing snowboards
A red farm truck is getting filled with greenery.
A tennis player is in the process of serving the ball.
 Pizza with toppings of Broccoli and tomato, cheese. 
A zebra that looks very similar to a donkey standing next to a smashed up bucket.
An old toilet sits in dirt with a helmet on top.
A man examines a surf board that has a label on it.
A man holds a pepsi and a hot dog in napkins at a cart.
A two hour parking sign, sitting in the middle of a empty street.
Pink flowers in a clear vase next to a mug.
The action in a baseball game is in full swing.
A baseball player getting ready to hit the ball.
A man and young child walk on the street next to a stop sign.
an image of a man doing tricks on a skateboard
A pair of black handled scissors lying on a roll of tape.
A group of people getting on a red train. 
A few signs tyring to get people to eat at a restaurant
Driver of boat in water gives thumbs up.
An inner city neighborhood under a dark sky.
People gathered around a table eating lots of food.
A book with the name The Camera Phone book on it.
A cement bench sitting next to trash cans.
A large elephant standing up by some water.
Four young children eat cake off of disposable plates around a low plastic table on a porch.
A smiling woman leans against a stop sign. 
A brown colored dog is laying on someone's shoes.
a couple of people are kicking a ball in a field
some people are rowing in a boat together
The clock has beautiful gold detials on the face.
The woman holds a measuring cup beside a sitting cat.
A large parking meter is on the side walk.
A box of donuts of various shapes and flavors.
A road sign sits up against a brick wall.
a baseball player standing on a field holding a bat
A pink teddy bear sitting on the side of a business building on a sidewalk.
Someone got out of the bed without making it up.
Bathtub in a very fancy stone tiled bathroom.
a couple of elephants out in a large field
A plate with eggs, a sausage, French toast, beans, and a tomato on it.
A row of buildings and a city street on a hill that is pretty steep.
A crockpot sitting on top of a microwave. 
A giraffe standing in a field out in the wild.
The freshly dug up carrots are piled on the brick pavement.
a close up of a red and black train on the track
A group of adults and a child holding frisbees.
A street light next to a long asphalt road.
A tour bus belonging to the Marines on a street with other buses
a person in the foreground with a child in the background
A kitchen has a lot of brown cabinets.
The man is flying his kite in the park. 
A group children pose together for a picture.
An intersection in a town with a safe passage street sign.
A person wears a camera near a backpack with bananas in the side pocket.
A dog's reflection in a car door mirror.
A flock of sheep grazing in the countryside.
Several signs are on a street post during the day.
A small child skiing down a gentle slope at a ski resort
Adult male pushing himself on a skateboard with a stick. 
A mirror that shows a couch in the reflection.
A young woman kicking a soccer ball down a field.
A man wearing a plaid shirt is jumping on his skateboard.
a stove that has some gloves on it
Birthday cake for a friend that is ill
A dog is looking up at a computer.
A boy in a baseball uniform runs on the diamond.
there is a black horse and a white horse together
Red, white, and black motorcycle parked on top of a pier. 
An elephant walking across the grass, carrying leaves in its trunk.
Horse and rider # 26 walking by camera.
A large clock on a building with benches.
A man and woman preparing sandwiches at an outside booth.
A slice of pizza with a swirl of sauce on top.
man swinging a tennis racket on tennis court
a man is on a surfboard at the beach
A woman reaching for a tennis ball as a number of people watch her from behind a barrier.
A girl pins a bouttoniere on the lapel of her date.
A room with the sunlight filtering through the windows.
Small child on skis talking to an adult on skis
A bunch of clouds flying very high in the sky.
Modern bathroom with stone sink area and tiled walls.
a pair of large sheers on top of a box.
The letters of a laptop keyboard are sitting on a wooden table.
A white plate topped with vegetables.covered in sauce.
A beige and white three piece bathroom with no shower curtain.
A skier launching from an extremely steep slope on a sunny day.
The batter and catcher during a baseball game
A plate of blueberry coffee cake with butter and an orange slice on a table with breakfast foods.
A room with furniture and a checker pattern floor.
Large row of white urinals sitting next to each other. 
A muddied man standing next to a muddied truck.
A woman in white jacket snowboarding on snowy hill.
A painted white truck with a flower on it in the street.
A speedboat is speeding in a body of water in a tropical area. 
A green pasture of black and white cows, and sheep.
A small white bathroom with a wooden cabinet.
A stuffed animal teddy bear in a basket.
A man coaching small children playing soccer on a field
A group of people gathered in a living room playing Wii.
A woman with an umbrella on the street.
Laptop computer with wireless keyboard and mouse on table.
A small bathroom with a toilet next to a cabinet.
The black cat is sitting on the back of a motorcycle.
A sheriff hat is on a table with a blue ribbon and a bandana.
Several late model cars in a parking garage.
A person riding a dirt bike through the air over a course.
The man is driving his car on the highway during the day.
A little girl is sitting on counter eating next to a plate of apples.
A man riding on the back of a brown horse.
A train is sitting in a train station. 
a large airplane with its door wide open
A rubber cookie key ring attached to a cell phone
A glass of milk next to a plate with several different types of meats and cheeses on it.
Image of a pillar advertisement unit at an outdoor cafe setting.
A couple of zebra grazing on green grass.
Woman holding up a baby carrot inside an empty restaurant. 
A person standing in front of a porta pottie toilet.
A parent skiing down the slopes with their child.
a tub boat pulling a small barge through the water
Someone sauteing broccoli and onions with wooden spoon.
a blue train is coming down some tracks
A small black step on a busy street.
Five horses and their jockeys are in a race.
A woman operating a microwave in a kitchen.
Bear in water staring at plastic bottle with sunlight shining on bear and bottle
there is a man taking a picture with his cigarette in his mouth 
A small bathroom is shown from a door.
A rusty old forklift lifts pallets in the snow.
a cell phone cover made to look like food 
a close up of a traffic light above a city street 
The girl with the baseball mitt is smiling. 
a pole with a street sign on it 
A pet pig on a cart helps deliver a political message.
A woman working with a pair of scissors as she makes cigars.
Baker in a white apron placing raw donuts on a pan.
A car with doors open sitting in front of  a group of motorcycles.
A person flying a kite on the beach. 
A giant teddy bear sitting on an office chair.
A woman and a little girl playing with a Frisbee in the sun on a green lawn.
A large white horse next to a calf in a meadow.
A couple of men sitting on a couch with remotes.
A bear is seen walking in a forest in a blurry photo.
a nice peach cobbler is well made and cooked
A table in the dining area with two vases flanking another with flowers.
A giraffe bending his neck over a tall metal fence.
A man standing at a table behind a rope
a person on a skate board does a trick 
This toilet sits in a bathroom with wooden walls
