the purple almost cheetah spotted petals are also oval shaped.
the flower has purple petals with white spots in the shape of tubes
this purple flower is cone shaped with a deep center that is white and darker purple spots in it.
these flowers look like tubs with white and black dots inside.
the flower is light violet supported by green sepal with its petals fused into one and has black and violet spots in white background in the inner regions
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has a wide trumpet shape with pink petals which curl at its mouth.
this is a purple bell-shaped flower that flexes downward that has purple and white spots on the inside of the petal.

the flower has petals that are dark pink with white filaments.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pink with small veins.
a flower with purple petals and lavender anther filaments and pistils.
this purple flower has long filament and large white anthers.
flower has purple colored petals with any flament and lage anthers
this flower has lavender droopy petals with white stamen in the center.
this flower has five purple petals which are green in the center of the flower.
large, round, purple petals with thin stamen and white anthers.
this is a flower with purplish petals and a greenish colored sepal.
this flower has large purple petals with slightly pointed tips and lots of white stamen.

this flower small flat petals in either deep purple or white with purple markings.
round cup-like flower with no break in petals and small white pistil in center.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are white with small pink spots.
this bell shaped flower has ruffled, conjoined white petals with striated purple accents.
this flower has petals that are purple with short steman
this flower is a trumpet shape with purple, black, and pink, and with white and pink.
this flower has petals that are blue and has black lines
this flower has funnel-shaped petals in varying shades of white, pink, and purple.
this flower can have purple and pink highlighted pedals or white and pink highlighted pedals.
a large group of flowers with purple and white funnel shaped appearance.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
the pumpkin colored petal has a complementary yellow stamen to go with it.
the petals on this flower are orange with yellow stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals oval shaped and wrinkled.
this flower has orange petals with many short yellow stamen
this flower has long pointed dark orange petals and yellow filaments.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has bright orange petals arranged in ray-like shape around the yellow pistils and stamens.
this flower has bright orange petals arranged in ray-like shape around the yellow pistils and stamens.

the flower has a lot of slender, yellow colored petals with it's stamen in brown color.
the flower has yellow circular arranged petals with a floral center with black colored stamen
this flower has a long yellow petals with a lot of brown anthers
this flower has thin yellow petals with brown and red stamen.
this flower is pink and brown in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has many small yellow petals and many dark colored stamens in it's center.
this flower has skinny yellow petals with a green pedicel and dark brown stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
this flower has a single layer of ray-like yellow petals around a wide brown center.

these light and dark pink heart shaped petals of this flower grow around an erect white pistil.
this flower's petals are light and dark pink, with a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple patches
flower with dark and pale pink petals on a green stem
this flower has petals that are pink, with a dark pink ring, and pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
these flowers have smooth pink petals with smooth round edges.
these flowers have large rounded petals with varying shades of pink and a prominent stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink and dark pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stripes

the flower is white with stamen in the centre surrounded by petals that are soft, smooth, thin and fused
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
the flower has a single white petal with visible filaments.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white with a small stamen
this flower is white with green leaves on it
this flower has petals that are white and has white style
there is a white and round shape flower with white stamen.
this flower has a wide rounded mouth and a wide trumpet shape of smooth white.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

this flower has long yellow petals and a brown anthers in the middle
the stamen and pistil make a dark brown mound in the center of a single row of elongated, slender, pointed petals of bright yellow.
the flower is so beautiful and has petals that are yellow and separately arranged around the clustered stamen
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are very long and skinny.
long skinny yellow petals surround a brown fuzzy looking stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has yellow petals and a brown pistal
the petals of this flower are long and yellow and the pistil is black
this flower has yellow petals and a ovule
this flower has a single layer of long bright yellow petals with slightly pointed tips.

flower with petals that are pink, soft, smooth, separated and arranged around the pistil
this flower has five salmon colored petals which are spaced apart at the ends, and a large pistil in the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker in the center.
this flower has a very long pistol and pink petals that are rough on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with large style
the petals of the flower are broad in shape and are pink in color with a dark red center.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this flower has petals that are red and has a flowery stigma
this flower has a star like shape made up of bright pink petals with white ribbing and a tall pistil.
a star shaped pink flower with a long tan stigma.

a bell shaped flower with light purple petals and no visible pistils.
the flower has purple petals that are shaped into a cup.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and bell shaped
this petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this flower has light pink shaped raised petals that form a circle around the middle.
this is a light pink colored petals with a short green pedicel.
a flower with connected petals that curl outwards and are light purple.
this flower has prominent green sepals underneath a smooth light pink bell-shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and is a bell shape

a white flower with five pointed petals and white stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are connected.
this flower has white, pointed petals and a white pistil.
the flower has large green colored laeves with one laerg white colord petal
this flower has white stamen and conjoined white petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower has a single row of closely set white petals with tightly clustered white stamen.
this flower has a cluster of white stamen surrounded by interconnected white petals.
this flower has conjoined white petals which have slightly ruffled edges.
all white, connected petals with a white style and stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

these flowers has red petals with white seeds in the middle
what i love about this flower is its ruby red rich petals
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with white stammen
this flower has red petals that have small and white stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
the white stamen of this flower are surrounded by bright red petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red.
this flower is red and white in color, and has petals that are rounded.

the beautiful flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around clustered stamens
this flower has long thin petals that are red both interior and exterior petals with darker reddish stamen
petals are oval in shape and are ared in color with many stamens
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow and red stamen
a dark red flower with a tanish center that is large.
the flower has several dozen highlighter pink petals surrounding darker pink stamen.
the flower has a large amount of thin red petals, thick leaves, and a wide red stigma.
this flower has petals that are yed and has yellow stamen
this dark red flower has many long, thin petals arranged densely in a round shape with a darker round center.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the flowers are composed of blooms that are pink and white in color with a yellow center.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the stamen
a delicate and heavily veined pink flower that has four petals and forms soft cups form from pointed buds.
this delicate flower has white petals with purple veins encircling the stamen cluster.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with veins that are dark pink in color.
the pedals are white with lavender purple veins fading into purplish white tips. the stamen are white.
the petals of the flower have shades of pink and white, with yellow stamens.
this flower has white petals with pink veins, a yellow ovary, white pistil, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines

this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curved downward.
this flower features small delicate purple petals with a yellow tinge in the center.
purple flowers in a clump with yellow inside on a green pedicel.
this is a tall, stalky deep purple petaled flower overlapping each other;the stigma is a rich green,and the stamen are folded out of the petals.
this flower has several vertical blossoms of pale purple petals with yellow centers.
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
a flower with long and curly petals that are pink.
a pink flower with multiple blossoms coming from the same pedicel.
this flower is made up of many pink petals some with yellow highlights closer to the stamen.

smooth white petals that form a star shape with white and yellow stamen surrounding the light green stigma.
white flower white 7 petals. the pistils are yellow and full of pollen. petals are long and thinner at the ends.
this flower has white petals, yellow anthers and yellow filaments, yellow stigma, and a green sepal and pedicel.
this is a white seven-pointed star-shape flower with many yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has white oblong petals and bright yellow anthers.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has white petals with everything else being yellow.
this flower has five elongated white petals surrounding the yellow tipped stamen.

this flower has petals that are pink with red stammen
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens forming disc like shape
this flower has petals that are white with small dark orange stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals with a red stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a rounded brown center and pale thin pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has a red center with petals that are pink in middle and white on the edges.
the bright red stamen of this flower is large and rounded, framed with long, pale purple petals.

the petals of the flowers are curled along the edge and have thin filaments with yellow anthers.
this is a flower with green petals and long yellow stigma.
this flower is pink white and green in color, with petals that are spotted.
this green flower has green to white petals with the possibility of pink spots and green filaments with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are green with long steman
this flower is light green in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
a green flower with floppy light green petals and long thing stamen with yellow anther filament at it's center.
this flower has light colored petals in different shades of white, yellow, and pink with long white filaments with yellow anthers.
the petals on this flower are off white and the pistil is yellow
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen

this flower has a lot of pink petals and a lot of white anthers on it
this flower has numerous tiny blossoms of purple and white which protrude in numerous directions.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the flower shown has pink petals as its main feature with several small showy anthers.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stgma
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has purple pointy-tipped petals surrounding clusters of tiny purple and green blossoms.
this flower has short bright purple petals with a large number of white stamen.

the petals are a very light pink, slowly turning red towards the middle of the flower, and the stigma is bright yellow.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pale pink with a red center and yellow stigma.
this flower has five pink fan shaped petals with a brighter pink center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are that are darker near the center.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have an inside that is hot pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big style

this flower has petals that are pink and yellow and layered
this flower is peach and yellowin color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a short stigma
the flower has a peach and yellow petal with a yellow stamen
this flower has small pointy orange petals and no visible stamen
the flower has several dozen pink petals that turn yellow toward the center, which has gold colored stamen.
the light orange flower has a bright center of yellow petals.
the stamen are clustered in the center of the flower and the petals are layered, the closest layer to the center being yellow in color and the furthest being pink.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are layered.
the petals of the flower are in a circular formation, and the stamens are of a light orange color.

this is a white flower with long oval petals
the petals of the flower are white in color and are elongated and alternate as they go around.
the beautiful flower has petals that are long thick and white and also the petals are separately arranged around the stamen
a white flower with long lengthy pedals.
this flower has several layers of long, thin white petals.
this flower has ray-like formation of oblong smooth white petals.
this large flower has many long white petals that resemble fingers.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and very thin
this flower has long and very smooth white petals in very bright white.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
flowers are pink in color,petals are rounded in shape
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with a red ring
this flower has five overlapping petals which are varying shades of pink.
this flower is pink and white in color, with multi colored petals.
a pink flowers and buds and the green leaves, pink anther and filament
this flower has pink petals and a red circle in the center
a flower with bright pink pets that are rounded at the tip.

a flower with purplish petals and brown pistils in the middle.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the two flowers have many pink petals surrounding round sections of yellow tipped stamen.
a bright pink petaled flower set in a circular pattern with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow steman
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has an indigo center and long purple petals with rounded edges.
these flowers have long smooth lavender petals with yellow stamen in the middle of them.
this flower has a single layer of bright purple oblong petals.

this flower has a single large white petal that is folded around a large, yellow, finger-like stamen.
thus flower has a thick, textured yellow pollen tube surrounded by a large, pointed white petal.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow style
this flower has white petals and a stigma that is yellow in color
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has large white petals with a long yellow pistil.
this flower has a green receptacle, a prominent orange pistil, and a large white petal.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower consists of a yellow stigma and only one white petal.
this is a white flower with one large petal and a prominent yellow pistil.

the flower shown has white petals with green stamen in the center
this flower is white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with long green stamen
the flower shown has wilting white petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has pointed pale purple petals on a stem of pointy green leaves.
this flower has dark red petals edged lines that are bright green in color.
this flower has small white petals with long green stamen
a light lavender flower with different color pistils and black stamen
this exotic looking flower has a green pedicel and stigma along with ice blue petals.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
flower with several red petals and a yellow stamen on a maroon stem
this flower has smooth red petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this bright red flower has many round petals and red and yellow stamen.
a beautiful red flower that has layers of petals that are separately arranged in disc like manner around the stamens
this flower has bright red petals that are oblong in shape.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has large red petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
the busy gold stamens on the red petals around the dark pollen tube

this flower has petals that are white with yellow towards the center
this flower has a single white continuous petal with center yellow and white stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower shares sepals with several other buds, and has white petals, all connected, with a yellow ovule.
this flower has a white petal and a yellow stamen in the middle
the white flower petals opens to the yellow pollen tube
the white petal is turned outward towards the end and forms a vase around white stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges

the purple flower has a visible sepal underneath the petals.
the flower is made of curled petals that are white in color with lavender tips.
the petals of this whitened flower have purple (maybe even violet) colored edges and are similar in shape to lilypads.
these whimsical flowers contain pale-white and pink petals.
the pretty flower has white petals with purple at their tips.
this flower has slightly curled white petals with undertones of very light purple.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of purple
a large plant with dull purple pedals and a wavy shape.
this flower has slightly ruffed petals which are white and have pale lilac accents.
this flower has white petals that have pink on the tips and a green pedicel

a yellow flower with yellow petal with a yellow ovary
this flower has very thin yellow petals and a medium orange center with stamens.
the petals have a very stringy looking thing, and the yellow center looks like a honeybee design
this flower has a very large amount of tiny yellow petals, and a round yellow center.
this flower features a dense set of yellow petals and stamen.
a yellow flower with the yellow pistil and yellow filament and anther
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a large number of yellow needle shaped petals surrounding a darker yellow stamen.

this flowers has purple petals which have a slight dotted pattern on them.
this flower has petals of different sizes and shapes and purple stamens.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have dark green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and broken apart
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
the petals of the flower are purple with some white near the pistil area.
their are several large curvy oval purple pedal on flower.
this flower is pink in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
the flower has a purple petal with many stamen around the pollen tube

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with htwisted white and yellow petals, red pedicel, and green sepals
the flower has round petals that are white on top and yellow in the middle and bottom.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
this flower has smooth white and yellow petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers have white and yellow petals attached to brown pedicels.
this flower has white petals with a yellow center, that grow in a star shape.
this flower has five very smooth rounded white petals with yellow centers.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged in a single layer forming a disc like shape
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow center
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
a pink and yellow flower with heart shaped petals and very small stamen.
this flower has purple and yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has overlapping heart shaped petals that are yellow at the base and pink elsewhere.
this flower has a yellow star at its center, easter colored pink petals with a white outline on its edges.
the flower has heart shaped soft petals that are pink and yellow colored.
this flower has petals of magenta edged with white and a greenish yellow center.

this flower has multiple yellow stamen surrounded by six long white petals with smooth edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with yellow anther as well
a pinwheel-like shape flower with white pedals, and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the white petals form a star shape around stamen with pale yellow anther.
a white flower with yellow stigma and stamen and anther and the leaves are green
this white flower has rounded petals and yellow and white stamen.
this flower has white petals that has yellow and green stamen
this flower has white petals in a star-like shape with thin yellow stamen.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
a flower with bright red petals and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has small yellow stamen surrounded by red petals with rounded tips.
it is a lot of red petals and it has yellow insides
this flower has two layers of bright red petals with yellow antlers.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
layered bright red large oval pedals surround golden yellow stamen around large bulbous pistil.
the alternating red petals surround multiple yellow stamen and dark red stigma.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong petals in a ring-like formation with short yellow stamen.

lower petals are white in color,and larger in size,inner petals are purple in clor
white petals with blue white and purple petals purple green and yellow middle brown scam and green leaves
this flower has petals that are white, with purple and white filaments, and green stigma.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stringy stamen
the petals of this flower are white and arranged in a star formation around a blue pistil and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stringy stamen
this flower has rounded green petals under a purple and white fringe and thick stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple thin petals and large light green sepals.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this is a small orange flower with yellow anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are orange, pointed with many yellow stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this particular flower has petals that are orange and yellow
this flower has a single layer of orange small oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the flower has dark orange petals with many stamen around the pollen tube

the flower has spiky thin petals that are light purple colored.
this flower is purple and blue in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
instead of traditional petals, this flower has long, thin, string-like petals of light blue violet color.
this flower has hundreds of needle-like purple petals around a dark green ovule.
this flower has an abundance of very thin and long purple petals
the petals on this flower are mostly indigo in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has thick purple sepals with lots of very skinny light blue petals.

flower with white long white petals and very long purple stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
a flower with stringy looking purple and yellow petals and a green and yellow center.
this flower has long white petals beneath a row of slender white and lavender petals surrounding a large erect pistil of green filaments topped with white anthers.
this flower has tall green stamen on top of a layer of wavy blue filaments and oblong white petals.
this flower is white, purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy purple stamen
the petals of this flower are stringy purple and white and the pistil is green

the petals of this flower are orange wtiha long stigma
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
each petal is yellow-orange with wide dark red streaks.
this is a flower that has round petals that are red and orange.
the petals of the flower are bright orange and dark red the supporting leaves are a sort of dark maroon.
this flower is red and orange in color, with multi colored petals.
the petals of this flower are red and orange and the stamen is a light cream color.
this flower has large yellow and red petals with small white stamens.
a flower that has bright red, and bright orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with shades of red

flower has petals that are white with white stigma.
this flower is whit and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has long white stamen with large wrinkled white petals.
this flower has large white petals with a deep receptacle with long white anthers.
this with petal flower has a green center with a few long filament.
the delicate white petals are ruffled at the edges and form a vase shape around white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has white stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
this flower has white delicate petals with soft yellow colored stamen in the center of them.
this flower has large and wide white petals whose edges are slightly ruffled.

this flower has trumpet shaped white petals with large yellow anthers in many numbers
the flower shown has white petals, and long yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has small white petals with green stamen and yellow anthers on it
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are very thin.
this flower has tall, thin yellow stamen and smooth white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals are white and some have light purple edges and the stamens are bright yellow.
the stamens of the flower are a light green color with yellow tips on the end.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow steman
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has long orange petals with yellow anthers in the center of it
this flower has a yellow pistil with orange petals and green sepal
this flower has long pointed orange petals around a cluster of yellow stamens.
this flower has a yellow center and long orange petals.
flower, extended pedicel, green sepals, greater than 9 dark-orange petals, at center of flower cluster of very short stamen, yellow anthers.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has green sepals and small orange oblong petals.

the flower has a bright pink petal with a pinkish white pollen tube
the flower has a single big, pink petal with it's stamen in a lighter shade of the color.
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a protruding pink pollen tube surrounded by a large, pointed pink petal.
this flower in one very large, smooth, bright pink petal with a large tightly grouped cluster of light pink stamen in the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has one large petal.
there is a heart shaped pedal which is whitish pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long style
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is short and green
the flower has one large waxy leaf that has the color pink.

this flower has light purple petals that turn dark purple in the center of the flower and have a trumpet like appearance.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots
a flower with it's petals in the shape of a purple star with purple stamen at it's center.
a purple flower that has dark purple in the center of the flower.
this flower has purple petals with green sepals and an hollow style.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark dots
a light purple flower with ruffled petals with a dark purple center and long light purple stamen with dark purple anther filament.
this particular flower has petals that are light purple and dark purple

this light purple flower has one continuous petal and a matching color stigma with light pink anthers.
a purple flower with large petals that have deep purple stripes.
this flower has a very large purple petal along with purple anther and filament
a big pink flower with pink stigma.
this pink flower has deeply ribbed petals, and matching pink stamens.
this pink flower has wavy petals, pink and white stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
a flower with long and wide petals that are light purple.
large rounded purple flower with a purple pistil and white stamen

this white flower has one large petal and a few stamens.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
the petals are bright white and the stamen is pure white while the stigma is yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this star shaped white flower has a long stamen and grows tall on a thick stalk.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
there are three white flowers with subtle green in the center, all seem to be in the same stem.
this flower has white petals that are ruffled and has long stamen with yellow stigma

the flower has large rounded white clored petals with yellow inner part of petals
this flower is beautiful and large with large wide petals and yellow hues in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are large and rounded.
this flower has large white petal and has white stamen in the center
the flowers has petals that are white with red anthers.
the petals on this flower are mostly white, and a white -yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are wide, and have a distinctive fan shape that is a bold white color.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower has petals of a creamy white with one petal that has red stripes and yellow in its throat.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are that are thin and wavy.

this flower has many purple petals with a blue ovary and yellow anthers.
this flower has an indigo center surrounded by long purple petals with rounded tips.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
a flower with long, thin purple petals, yellow stamen, and green pedicel
the flower has a purple petals with many stamen around the blue pollen tube
small, pointed, pale purple and purple striped petals, black filament with yellow anthers, and a deep purple stigma.
small, pointed, pale purple and purple striped petals, black filament with yellow anthers, and a deep purple stigma.

this flower has a lot of yellow petals with brown in the middle
the flower has petals that are overlapping and yellow with large brown center.
the flower shown has yellow petals with dark brown pistil in the center
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are curled and pointed at the tip.
this flower has yellow petals and the stamen is darker
the big flower has yellow petals that are arranged around brownish bunch of stamens in disc like manner
this flower has a round brown center and layers of long yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has bright yellow oblong petals in a ring configuration.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stigma
the flower has mature and has a single petal which is purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals with a green pedicel and white anther.
this flower has purple petals with a yellow stamen in the center on a green pedicel.
a flower with purple petals and a white stigma.
petals are long and purple with prominent veins of a darker shade of purple, while the stamen and pistil appear to be enclosed together.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white stigma
this flower has five petals that are purple with darker purple and white strips surrounding the white stamen.

the flower has yellow petals overlapping burgundy petals, with a burgundy center and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the flower is light yellow and has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around a bunch of stamen
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has purple sepal with yellow pistil and petals
a flower that is long and narrow with yellow petals an dpurple leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with rounded petals.
this yellow and purple flower has rounded petals, white stamen and purple sepals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple sepal.

this flower's purple colour is lovely and the leaves are pointy petals by the many.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has dozens of thin, pointed, purple petals projecting up in a circle from the ball-shaped pedicel which is covered in sharp spines.
this is a purple flower with no obvious petals, but the purple parts are long and narrow.
this flower has a long and thin purple pedal, and a light purple anther filament
this flower has a large number of very narrow and long light purple petals.
this flower has petals that are green and has string stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are point and spike like in shape.
this flower has a pointed green base and a fringe of hair like purple on top.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

three layers of thick green petals surrounding thousands of vibrant purple stamen.
the flower shown has green sepal with bright purple petals
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has thin purple petals that look like spikes.
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are green.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
the petals on this flower are green with lots of bright pink stamen.
the pistal is very busy with purple stamens and tips on petals
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen

the flower has white petals with white anther and a green pedicel
this flower is white with a green center of it long petals.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are white with green veins.
the flowers have green pedicels that go into white pedals and a green ovary.
this flower has five ruffled petals which are conjoined at their centers.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
the flower has white petals with green lines running through it and wavy edges.
this flower has four white, yellow stained petals, a fuzzy pedicel, and jagged leaves.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with pink centers, purple anthers and white filaments.
the flower is purple and pink in color with thin white filaments that are trimmed with a black anther.
this flower has petals that are pink with white trim
this flower has petals that are pink at the base and the center and white along the outer edge.
this flower has petals that are magenta at center with white edges.
these flowers have light purple petals with white edges and white stamen with dark purple anthers
this flower has petals that are purple with white uneven edges.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and white
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines

this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has very long slender leaves, a long thick pedicel and six bright yellow sepals with a center trumpet flower.
this flower has a round yellow petal with a lighter yellow sepal.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled around the ovary.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals in the shape of a star with a trumpet shaped petal at its center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a blue green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are yellow and the pedicel is short and gray

this flower has a lot of curly petals that are red and/or orange in color.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together.
these flowers grow in a small cluster, are a peachy color, and have doubled petals.
these flowers has peach looking petals and green leaves
this flower has a lot of red petals with red stamen in the middle
these flowers have small orange petals attached to green sepals.
the petals of the flower are light red in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has small pink petals that are in a slightly overlapping wheel-like configuration.
this flower has petals that are red and is bunched together

this spiny petaled lilac flower has spiral looking green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue with grren stamen
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has long blue petals and long green stamen in the middle
a flower with blue petals and green anther filaments and pistils in the center.
the flower has green pistil and blue petals that have wavy edges.
the petals of this flower are blue and the pistil as well as pedicel are green
this flower has sharp, thin blue petals and long, curved, protruding stigma.
this flower has a couple of layers of light blue petals with large green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen

this flower has a large yellow petal with an orange center
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wavy around the edges.
light yellow petals with bright orange spots near the ovary. multiple stigmas.
large, thin, light yellow petals that are almost transparent with reddish orange regions nearest the pistil.
the flower has petals that are white with pale yellow and orange centers.
this flower is white and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
a cream colored flower with an orange spot and a long stigma.
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow with orange spots.
this flower has petals that are white and has red patches
this flower has large pale yellow petals on top and smaller yellow petals on the bottom that have orange toward the center.

this flower has petals that are purple with white patches
this flower has delicate pale purple petals with white accents which curl and fold slightly at the edges.
pedicel is green in color,flowers are altenately arranged,they are light purple in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled.
what is special about this flower is its lightly colored pink/purple petals.
petals are lavender and white and they are folded into each other.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has small green sepals and large light pink petals with smooth edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by long orange and yellow petals.
the warm toned petals are a moderate length, leading to the center of the pointed statmen.
a flower that has orange tipped petals that turn into yellow toward the center of the flower
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flowers has petals that are orange with yellow centers.
the pale orange flower has layers of petals
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange.
the beautiful orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner around yellow stamens
an orange and yellow large flower with long pedals and a tan center.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very tiny
a skinny red and yellow flower with large green sepal.
the flower has small yellow petals that are near wilted and red.
the flower shown has yellow petals and purple pedicel which are its dominant features
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has purple and yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a dark red stem from which protrude soft yellow petals.
this flower has long narrow petals of light yellow from a reddish stem.
this flower has small red and yellow petals that fold upwards
this flower has red and yellow petals and a green pedicel

this flower has petals that are green with stringy purple stamen
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
the flower is unique because the petals aren't separated and they have a round tip
this flower has blue petals as well as a green and purple pistil.
this flower has thick and pale green petals under a thick fringe of purple and white.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has white oblong petals and white flat filaments.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are whtie.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are whtie.

many orange ray florets around tiny yellow disk flowers with extended yellow anthers.
this bright orange and peach flower has thick hardy petals and thin wispy stamen.
this large peach colored flower has two rows of petals around a large flat yellow pistil area.
this flower has orange long oval daisy like petals with a yellow daisy like center.
this large red and yellow flower has lots of thin flat petals and a white center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has orange and yellow petals, a yellow-orange anther filaments and a grey ovule.
this yellow and pink flower has pointed petals and pale yellow stamen.
the long, orange petals form a star burst shape round golden colored stamens.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are layered and skinny.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
the flower has smooth white petals with green stamen in the center
five white oval petals with light green filaments and white anthers shooting straight out of the middle of the flower.
this flower has numerous white stamen surrounded by five large white petals with slightly tapered edges.
the petals of the flower are white in color and has a center that is full of white anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has five slightly tapered, wide white petals which overlap slightly.
the white flower is so beautiful with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming disc like shape with bunch of stamen sticking out from the centre
this flower has a large round green style with numerous white stamen, and 5 large round white petals.
this flower has white petals with slightly pointed tips and a number of white stamen.

this flower has red petals and red stamen with bright yellow anthers on it
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the multiple layerd and numerous red petals are centered by black and red stamens and pistol that look florescent.
the bright red petals surround the darker toned statmen, with yellow anther.
this flower has layers of bright red petals which are smooth and round-tipped.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
this red flower has multiple red petals that are layered.
this flowers has layers of dark red petals and a dark red and yellow stamen.

the petals on this flower are orange and four in number
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are small and rounded.
this flower has flat yellow petals tinted with red surrounding a white pistil and on top of a green pedicel.
these flowers have yellow and dark orange petals above a green sepal.
this flower is yellow and orange two tone petals four of the wide and flat
this flower has four yellow petals with dark orange on the outside tip of petal and a white pistil.
the petals of the flower are ruffled in appearance and are orange in color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
two to three brightly colored light orange petals, reminiscent of mushrooms growing from a tree, with a single white pistil protruding from the center of each flower.

this pink flower has many odd shaped petals. the stigma can be seen and is large and green.
multiple light pink petals circled around a green stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has several large, slightly ruffled petals of pink with rounded edges.
a flower that is mostly pink with some white and yellow blends, with a green stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has a green style
this flower has light pink petals with curled edges and a bright green pistil.
this particular flower has petals that are small and round with a light pink
the glossy petals are light pink with ruffled edges and the sepals are deep green.
a green pollen tube sticks out of purple and white petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the flower shown has several pink petals that turn downwards.
the flower has a single petal which is pale pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple center
this flower as large delicate petals in pale pink which are slightly ruffled.
these are pale pink trumpet shaped flowers with a darker pink center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple center
this flower has five very soft and slightly ruffled petals in pale pink.
a pink flower consisting of five large broad, smooth petals curling outwards.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

a flower with drooping white petals, green sepals, and vivid green pedicel
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled downward.
this flower has petals that are white and hanging down
this is a flower that has white petals and a green pedicel.
this flower lacks sepals, with a long green pedicel and white petals.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are drooping down ward.
this flower has white petals that point down and has light green linesd
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white and droop downward.
the white petals of this flower form a boxlike shape and its emerald green leaves are thin pencil shaped.

the flower shown has a bright yellow petal along with a multi colored petal
a flower with long yellow petals and red tinged green sepals.
the outer petals are purple in color while he inner petals are yellow in color
this flower has long pointy yellow petals with no outer stamen and a green pedicel
this flower is yellow, green, blue and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has yellow petals and an orange pedicel, the pistil seems very blue.
this flower is yellow, green, blue, and red in color, and has petals that are pointed.
this flower has thin and yellow petals that are pointed upwards
this flower has two yellow spiked petals and one blue spiked petal.
this flower has bright yellow petals with pointed tips that are sparse and pointed upwards.

this red flower has five large petals surrounding a red stigma.
this flower has a thick red pollen tube surrounded by five large wide red petals.
this is a red flower with connected petals and red stamen and stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with long style
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are black near the ovary.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright pink.
this flower has red petals and has a long flowery style
there is one big light red petal wich has curves in it aand very simple
this flower is pink in color, and has petals wavy and thin.
this flower has five rounded and wide red petals with smooth edges and a thick red stamen.

stamens are longer with larger dark clored antherss
this is a flower with yellow and pink petals with brown markings and anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellowpatches
this flower has long petals in various shades of pink with accents of vivid yellow.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are striped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are very light purple colored with yellow hues and dark purple short lines.
this flower has tall pink filaments with darker anthers and multicolored petals in varying shades of yellow, pink, and white.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading and black lines
a pink flower with black and yellow speckles on it's petals and large black stamen.

this bell shapes white flower has conjoined petals which curl backwards at their edges.
this flower has a trumpet appearance with white petals and short, pale yellow stamens.
the flower shown has white petals and several with anthers.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has broad white petals, cream colored stamen and white anther filaments.
a large while elegant petal with white stamen in the center.
this flower has a large while petal that is shaped somewhat like a wheel with white stamen at the center.
this flowers petals are connected and white with long white stamens.
a flower with a large petal that is white and curled outwards.

the flower has petals in which the upper petals are light yellow and lower petals are dark yellow
this flower has a green stigma, green style, light yellow petals, as well as a green sepal and green pedicel.
the petals are alternatly aranged and are bright yellow in color
a flower with yellow petals and no anther filaments or pistils visible.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has thin yellow petals sitting on top of a green pedicel.
this flower has large, wide petals of ruffled shape and pale yellow coloring.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has a tall green stem with wavy petals in varying shades of yellow.

the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
this flower has pink anther and peach colored petals as its main features
this flower has pale orange petals and three red stamens.
a group of light pink flowers with a purple stigma.
the petals of the flower are a bold orange color, and the stamens of the flower have shades of yellow and red.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
the peach colored petals surround the white pistil in the middle of this flower.

this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are purple while the stamen is yellow.
this bell shaped purple flower has five conjoined petals that curl slightly outwards.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals and a brown pedicel.
the petals form a tube which surrounds the stamen and flare outward to form a star at the top.
this purple flower has pointed petals, green sepals and a green pedicel.
this flower is trumpet shaped, purple with a long pistil inside.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bell shaped
these bell-shaped purple flowers have a long, white pistil.

this is a large, orange flower with blue spots on the petals and orange stamen.
this flower is orange ad purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the petals are bright orange with black polka dots, while the stigma is light orange and the sepal is black.
a large orange pedaled flower with a long stigma with a brown tips.
this flower has petals that are orange with black dots
this flower has orange petals that have black dots on them
large, curled orange petals, with dark purple spots, orange filament, maroon anthers, and an orange pistil.
the petals of this flower are orange with black spots and the pedicel is green
this particular flower has petals that are orange with black dots
this flower is entirely orange, with brown spots on the petals, and brown anthers.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
these large red flowers are made of layers of thin petals.
this flower has thin red petals as its main feature.
the flower has red petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower is red in color, with petals that are layered on top of each other.
this flower has red petals that overlap each other, the stamen seem to be clustered in the center.
this red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with white anthers.
this flower has large red petals and large white stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
this flower has multiple layers of bright red petals that have rounded edges and yellow stamen.

this flower has long golden yellow petals along with a dark brown stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around the stamen in the centre
the flower has petals that are golden with spherical brown centers.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are drooping backwards.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has long yellow petals arranged in a single row and forming a ray-like shape.
the stamen and pistil are black, with long, pointed, yellow petals surrounding it on all sides.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has a brown pistil and short yellow petals that are thin.
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around clustered disc of stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
a large yellow flower with a black ovule at it's center filled with many black stamen.
the big yellow flower is so beautiful with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner around a disc of brown stamens
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by tapered yellow petals with vertical grooves.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen

the petals on this flower are a light yellowish color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically stacked.
a white and yellow flower that has leaves and a pedicel
this flower has mushroom shaped white petals that grow in layers
there are many white petals lose on the flow and not attached to a stem
the flower has soft petals that are white and yellow in color.
the petals of this flower are white and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this flower has a great many light yellow and white petals.

the flower is disc shaped and has soft, smooth and thin petals and has stamens in the centre
this flower has petals that are purple with a yellow center
the petals of this flower are blue and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow and blue in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
the flower is blue with petals that are soft, smooth and forming disc like shape in single layer
this flower has heart-shaped blue petals with a central yellow star design.
this flower is yellow and light blue in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this flower has five lavender petals that are yellow closer to the pistil.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are blue and yellow.

this flower has a pink petal and no visible stamen in the middle
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower features pale pink petals with darker pink markings.
the petals of this flower are pink with long stigmas
the flower has purple petals with purple filament and purple anther
this flower has wide and very large white petals with pale pink accents.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower has light pink and white petals, pink stamen and light pink anther filaments.
this flower has a star-like configuration of very light pink petals, some of which have darker pink spots on them.

this flower has petals that are purple with flowery stamen
the flower has petals that are dark pink with white and burgundy stigma.
the petals are a deep violet color. the pistols have a yellow color when opened.
its a purple flower with a white center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
the flower has a very vibrant purple colored petals with a bright green stigma.
these brilliant purple flowers have veined petals that resemble leaves with a flower-like white stigma and purple stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has pointed smooth purple petals and large stamen.

the petals of the small flower are hot pink with anthers that are yellow.
the flower has purple petals in shapes of ovals and yellow stamen
this stunning purple flower has oval variegated petals surrounding a round arrangment of yellow stamens.
the flower has long narrow petals color purple, with stames in the center.
this bright pruple flower has long flat petals and yellow tipped stamen.
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals, purple and yellow stamen and a red green pedicel.
this particular flower has petals that are long and dark purple with a dark center
this flower has light purple oval shaped petals, a dark purple pistil and yellow stamen surrounding the pistil.
the beautiful purple flower is so vivid with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in single layer forming disc like shape supported by brown pedicel
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long thin white petals.
this flower has many white petals and a large yellow pistil.
this flower has thin white petals with a greenish yellow stamen.
this flower has a thin and long white petal that was yellow in the middle
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a ray-configuration of oblong white petals around a yellow center disk.
this flower has a wide yellow center and long, rounded white petals.
a white large flower with long pedals and a tan large center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.

this flower has a purple leaves in a vase like structure with dark green insides on petals and white anthers on purple style.
this flower has petals that are blue with a white sigma
this bright blue flower starts off darker and goes to the tips lighter and has a visible white stamen.
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovary.
this flower has large blue petals and a center that is purple in color with a white stigma
this flower is blue and green in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a big style
this flower has ruffled dark blue petals with a long white anther.
this blue white and green flower has pointed petals and a white pistil.
this cone shaped, blue flower has a large, white pistil that grows from the base of the flower's cone.

the petals of the flower are white in color and are arranged in layers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are white in color and altrnatly arranged with yellow colored stigma and anthers
the ovular petals are yellow and in the center of this semi- doubled flower is lot of brighter yellow yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are pale yellow with yellow stamen.
this white flower has several layers of all white petals and yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
medium sized, yellow-white pointed petals with yellow anthers.
this flower has different rows of petals that are white in color and gently pointed at the tip.

this flower has white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
the petals are white and arranged in two layers, and the stigma is bright yellow while the stamen are bright green.
the petals are white, rounded, and layered on top of one another, and the stamen are many and yellow.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are large oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are very slightly blush pink surround a large yellow center.
the petals are white with veins and the stamens are bright gold.
this flower has large white petals and large yellow stamens.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flowers petals have a yellow brown and red color scheme design with many yellow anthers.
this flower is yellow, black, and red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals on this flower are yellow with brown stripes.
this flower has bright yellow red and black petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this flower has pointed petals that are yellow and red in color.
this flower has yellow and orange colored petals with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
colorfull disk shaped flower with yellow, orange and brown petals.

this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges.
the petals on this flower are white on the fringe with yellow insides
a spiral orientation of five yellow to white tipped petals surrounding non-visualized pistil or stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has white and yellow 3 d petals with green leaves
the five petals on these blossoms are layered in a row around the center, with the white outer edges graduating to bright yellow and then to orange at the center.
this flower has white and yellow colored smooth oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five large oval petals that get yellow closure to the stamen.

the petals on this flower are purple and triangle shape.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
a purple and white flower with tiny purple stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and white and give the flower a trumpet like appearance.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
a flower with long and wide petals that are blue.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
multiple flowers with purple petals on the same stem.
this flower has smooth petals that are bright blue and white colored.
this flower has vertical blooms of pale indigo which are semi-sheer and veined.

the flower has long, thin orange petals that are sparse.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
the petals are yellow and purple in color.
the petals of this flower are orange and blue with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and blue and very thin
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointy at the tips.
this flower has bright orange and blue petals with sharply pointed tips.
this flower has large and very thick, sharply pointed petals of orange and indigo.

the petals are oval in shape and are whit in color
the flower has a lot of slender and thick petals which is white in color.
this flower is white and brown in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a wide dark center surrounded by layers of long white petals with rounded tips.
a group of flowers with white petals and light brown anther filaments.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and skinny.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
this flower has petals that are white and has a brown center
the petals on this flower are white and the pistil is big and black
a large white flower with long pedals and a tan center.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are shaped like a cone.
the flower has petals that are orange and shaped like a tube.
these are orange-red trumpet shaped flowers with a long throat.
the curved petals of this flower are red in color.
a cluster of orange flowers in the shape of a tulip
this flower has five red pedals that get darker the closure they get to the pistil.
this flower has a trumpet shape with a deep throat that flares out in bright orange petals.
a flower with long and curled petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are red and have a yellow stamen
a flower with bright red petals arranged in a star shape with yellow anthers coming from the center.

the flower has petals that are white with green pedicel.
this single flower has white petals with green leaves and green stems
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
a cup of a white flower with green at the base of the petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has white petals and green pedicel as its main features
the greenish white flower has petal that is fused at sepal and suddenly flaring out to form a star like shape
this white flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is a bell shape
a flower with petals that are white at their edge and green at their center.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the flower shown has orange petals with yellow anther and orange pistil
the petals are separated and they are orange colored.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this orange flower has five broad lobe shaped petals connected by stems to the central pistil and pedicel.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and are attached to a green stem.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
the bright orange petals are ruffled and the small stamen have yellow anther.

the flower shown has blue and white petals that fold downward into a bell shape.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this petals on this flower are purple and bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and bunched together
this flower has bright blue petals with white tips and a green stem.
this blue flower has toothed petals and a green pedictel.
this flower has many florets of bluish lavender that are a cup shape.
this flower has petals that are blue and are bunched together
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.

large white fringed flowers with pink borders on the petals and prominent stigma and stamens.
this flower has petals that are shaded white and pink.
this flower has the purple anther and the double colored petals in the overlapping manner
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with pink around the edges
this flower has large white petals with bright pink around the edges.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
delicate scalloped petals that are yellow in the center, changing to white and finally rimmed in pink.
bright pink and white petals surround the thin pink anther.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges

the petals on this flower are yellow with brown dots
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have brown detailing in the center.
the flower shown has yellow drooping petals with yellow pistil
a yellow bell shaped flower with tiny yellow stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has bright yellow petals that have smooth edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines
this flower has small yellow petals with brown stripes leading to the center.
this yellow flower has beautiful long petals

leaves are green in color,petals are light pink in color
this flower is pink white and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow in the center
the bowl shaped pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around stamens
this flower has wide rounded pink and white petals with visible veins.
this flower is pink, white, and yellow in color, with multi colored petals.
this pink and yellow flower has rounded petals and white stamen with orange anthers.
a pink and white flower with green leaves and the anther and filament are yellow
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading

the flower has pink petals with darker pink stripes through them.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are darker pink in the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow steman
this flower has wide, pointed light pink petals with darker pink stripes down the center.
a flower with purple petals and yellow pistils in the center.
this flower has soft pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has wide pink petals with darker vertical center stripes.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a large velvet long and floppy pedal flower with long gray stigma.

this pale yellow trumpet-shaped flower has five petals surrounding a green throat and spots of peach color on each of the petals.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has light yellow petals and has light red details in the veins.
this flower has five large round pale yellow petals with orange at the base.
the petals have pink veins running through them. there is a deep red concentration at the base of the petals.
this pale yellow flower has wide petals that blend into a deep red color near the center.
the flower petals have several different colors which include white, pink, and a tint of red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red bothces
the petals of the flower are fanned out in a circle shape, and have various shades of yellow and red throughout.
this flower has lightly colored yellow petals with irregular pink markings.

the flower shown has a white petal and white anther
a flower with white petals and yellow anther filaments with green pistils.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has petals that are white and a white anther.
the petals of the flower are pure white and curved in shape with delicate point at their ends while the stigma, which is also white, is quite long and erect.
this flower has a very light yellow pistil, surrounded by large white petals.
this flower has white petals that make a satellite shape with a thin style
this flower is white in color, with one large round pedal, and a long pollen tube.
this flower has a petal that is all attached and is white.
this white flower has a bell-like structure, with petals that curve back on it and extend into tiny points.

this flower has petals that are pink with a long stigma
this is a flower with dark pink petals with white streaks and a yellow stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrinkled and wavy.
a large pink, white and yellow flower; large pink petals.
the pedals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has large pink petals with a long white style, small yellow stamens, and a yellow stigma.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower has pink petals that surround a bright orange pistil.
this flower has a tall pistil and pink petals with a wrinkled texture.

the bowl shaped red flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately overlapping each other
this flower has petals that are overlapping orange petal and green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this small flower has red petals with a skinny green pedicel.
this flower has wide, rounded petals in a deep red shape, with smooth edges.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upwards
this flower has rounded red petals and a fuzzy green pedicel.
a large red circular flower with big pedals with a green stem.
this flower has large bright red petals that are overlapping each other.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has two type of petals, one petal like a cup in the center surrounded with six open petals.
six yellow outer petals surround an inner yellow cup and a deeper colored throat.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stigma
this bright yellow flower has a six overlapping yellow petals with a yellow fringe surrounding the pistil.
this flower has a ruffled yellow tube surrounded by pointy yellow petals.
this flower has large yellow petals and a bright yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has to layers of yellow petals and a small yellow stamen.

the pink petals has dark pink spots in the center, and has long pink filaments.
this gauzy pink and white flower has spots on its petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
the anther filament are pink and the petals are pink with dark pink spots.
these light pink petals feature loose, hanging stamen and polka dots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this light pink flower has several long, darker pink stamens and a dark pink spotted design on the petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and drooping.
this flower has long pink petals with white edges and magenta spots inside.
a flower that has pink petals and pink stamen.

this medium purple flower has some long pointed petals and white stamen
the flower has long thin white petals with long pink pollen tubes.
this flower has petals that are white and purple with many stamen
this blossom has many flowered pink stamen surrounded by long tapered pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has long white petals with pink veins and a large number of pink and white stamen.
this flower has long pale pink petals holding tiny pale pink blossoms.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed at the tips.
this pale pink flower has an array of protruding pistils and white stamen with dark dark anthers.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow near the top
this flower has small peach and yellow colored petals as its main feature
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with many pink petals colored yellow in the middle with multiple yellow stigmas
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens in man layers forming disc shape
this flower has ascending layers of small oblong petals that are pink and yellow in color.
this flower has layers of peach-colored petals with pale yellow accents.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower has concentric rows of light pink to yellow petals, surrounding a thick cluster of stamen

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower is rose shaped with pink overlapping petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with a shirt stigma
this flower has fringed yellow stamen surrounded by layers of overlapping soft pink petals.
this is a pink flower with overlapping petals and many yellow stamen.
this bright pink flower has three graduated tiers of rounded ruffled petals and four separate, connecting sections of bright gold stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
stacked, rounded, pink petals and many tiny, yellow anthers.
this flower has prominent yellow stamen in the center of layers of bright pink and slightly upturned petals.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with orange petals and yellow anther filaments and pistils.
flower has petals that are dark orange and pointed with yellow stamen.
this is an orange flower with about twenty petals, a long pedicel and the petals form a pinwheel around many yellow stamen .
a flower that has orange petals and lighter orange filaments
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this is an orange flower with a thick, yellow pistil.
large yellow stamen surrounded by burnt orange pointy leaves that droop downwards
this flower has bright orange petals around a bright orange center.
this is a orange flower with a yellow ovule and a green pedicle.

a round flower with yellow petals and yellow stamen in the center.
this bright orange flower has elongated petals that are frayed at the outer edges and fade into yellow toward to orange stamen.
the flower is a beautiful bright orange color both the petals and the center
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are skinny and pointed on the ends.
this warm yellow flower has many petals that are shaped like tear drops.
a large orange flower with a large center in circumference.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has orange petals that has yellow shading in the center
this is a flower with several smaller petals that are bright orange and yellow in color, the petals are toothed at the edge.
this flower has layers of long thin orange petals with ruffled tips.

this flower's yellow center is surrounded by long yellow petals with pointed tips and red stripes in the center.
the petals of the flower are yellow and orange and have a yellow center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long yellow petals with red stripes on them and yellow anthers in it
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of orange
this yellow and red flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the beautiful big yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in single layer around a bunch of yellow stamens forming a disc like shape
this flower has wide tapered yellow petals whose centers have vertical red stripes.
yellow petals with red stripes surround several thin yellow stamens.

this flower has small long rounded magenta petals with a black and pink pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layered.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner around cluster of stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and thin with layers
this flower has many bright purple, blade shaped petals spread into a fan; surrounding a deep purple center.
there are bright pointed leaves on this flower with a lacy looking inner group with a deep colored stamen.
this flower has thin oblong pink petals in a tightly arranged ring configuration.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this bright pink flower has pointed petals and hot pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen

this flower have bright red color petals arranged in overlapping manner with yellow color anther attached to filament.
the flower shown has smooth red petals and yellow pistil
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and layerd.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this red and yellow flower has layers of petals and a dark stigma.
this flower has a darker center surrounded by layers of bright red petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red petals that are short and oblong in shape creating a ring formation.
a flat style red flower with a golden center here.
this flower has two layers of overlapping red petals with prominent orange anthers.

this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a thin green stem.
this flower has dark purple blue petals that are curved on the bottom and pointed on the top.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has a smooth green stem and bright blue petals with smooth edges.
this flower has a smooth purple petal as well as a thin green pedicel.
this flower has a dark blue coloration with a green stem.

the flower has overlapping petals that are small and dark orange.
this flower has small red petals with round edges which curve slightly outward.
this flower has one layer of orange petals surrounding orange pistil and stamen.
the cluster of flowers is made up of small slower that are coral in color.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has light red pedals and light red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has small white stamen
medium sized, round, pale red-orange petals, and red-orange stigma.
these small dark oranges flowers are clustered together.
this flower has five rounded red petals which slightly overlap towards the center.

this flower is trumpet shaped with purple petals and purple dots on its petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals on this flower are purple with white and purple dots.
this trumpet- shaped flower is light purple with creamy center doted with dark purple .
this purple and white spotted flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
these flowers have one tall purple petal rounded around itself with a white inside and purple spots.
the magenta petals have dark pink spots and are in the shape of a narrow vase.
the petals of the flower have a spotted pattern that consist of pink, purple, and yellow colors.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots

the pink petals are yellow towards the center with a striped pattern seen on some petals
this pink flower has a yellow center with black stripes on its petals.
this pale pink flower has yellow stamen with an inner row of petals with yellow and brown streaks.
the flower has purple fragile looking petals with dotted lines decreasing in size towards the receptacle
this is a pink and white flower that has a touch of yellow in the middle
this flower has pink pedals with large yellowish stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has patch of yellow and dark lines
this particular flower has petals that are pink yellow and dark small lines
this flower has petals that are varying shades of pink and a couple of them have yellow patches with dark pink lines.

the flowers have skinny pink petals with pink filaments and dark pink anthers.
this flower has long curly pink petals and long pink pistils with dark pink anthers.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and oval shaped.
this flower has long pink stamen surrounded by long thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
the flower has purple petals with dark purple anther and lighter purple filament
this flower has tall pink stamen and long pink petals.
this flower has pale lavender petals with stripes of white in the middle and elongated purple stigma.
this flower has long pink petals and long pink stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow towards the insides
this flower has thick white petals with yellow centers twist together among broad green leaves.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five wide white petals with slightly tapered tips and bright yellow centers.
this flower has white and yellow petals as its main feature
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has dark stems with white petals that have yellow coloring at their base.
a flower with pointed petals that are white with yellow center.
the flower is growing from a branch, with oval shaped, yellow and white petals overlapping each other.

this flower has large purple petals and dark purple anthers in it
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
a bright pink petaled flower with a pink stamen.
this flower has wide, overlapping purple petals which have rounded, slightly ruffled edges.
the flower has a several round shaped petals pink in color but dark violet towards the center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has pink petals with rounded edges and a deep red-purple center.
this flower has small pink petals with small white stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines

th e petals are pink and are slightly bent a little.
the petals on this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower has pink petals dropping downwards many anthers and green ovary.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by down-turned pink petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with oval shaped petals.
the elongated petals are arranged in a single layer around anthers and pistils.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has pink petals that fade into white as you get closer to the ovule, with long thin white stamen and yellow anthers.
the stigma is long and thin, and the filaments of the stamen are short.
this flowers' petals are white, tinged with pink, and green in the center with a white stigma and white and yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
this flower has large white petals with long white stamen and yellow anthers
the flower has white petals with soft pink tips, a white stamen, and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of green
a flower with long and wide petals that are pointed.
this particular flower has petals that are long and pointy with white and dark pink
this flower has white and light pink petals with a tall white pistil and white stamen with yellow anthers.

a flower with large white conical petal which contains red spots on the interior and green sepal.
this flower has green pedicel and green sepal and white petals as well as dark red filament and anthems.
the flower has petals that are stacked white and bell shaped.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
green pedicel and sepals supporting smooth white bell shaped petals with spots on the inner side of them.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered and spotted.
this flower has white petals and has purple dots on them
this flower has rows of white bell-shaped petals with purple spots inside.
this flower has flowers grouped together on a vine with white petals that are shaped into the form of a bell curve.
this flower has a large number of bell shaped petals that are white with darker spots on the inside.

this flower has large white petals on it and a bright yellow center on it
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by several layers of large, ruffled white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and have many layers
this flower has bright white petals and a orange yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this is a white flower with ruffled petals and a round yellow pistil.
this white flower has wavy pedals, orange stamen and a yellow stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stamen
this flower has a center of short bright yellow stamen and a short yellow pistil with large white petals.

this flower has lavender petals with white stamen and pistils on dark purple pedicels.
the pink petals are arranged along the stem, with a bulb on top the stem.
the flower shown has small white petals with yellow anther and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are white with pink stamen
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and vertically layered.
the petals of this flower are light purple and the pedicel is green with purple thorns
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower goes from a deep purple, to nearly white petal, while remaining in a bunch.
this particular flower has petals that are small and white and pink

there are three petals. each petals has visible veins. the stigma has a yellow color when it is opened.
the flower has pointed pink petals and a small yellow flower in the center.
the flower has three petals that are pink with yellow stigma.
the petals on this flower are pink with a yellow pistil.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are very small.
this particular flower has petals that are curved and light red
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
this flower has three pink petals and the stigma is light green.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has a small yellow wheel-shaped blossom in the middle of a trio of huge pink sepals

this pink flower seems a bit flattish with many pink petals surrounding may yellow stamen.
a flower with long thin pink petals with white edges with a bunch of yellow stamens in the middle.
a flow with pink petals yellow stamen and green pedicel.
the pretty flower has bright pink petals with white on their edges.
this flower with thin pointed petals has white edges and a yellow center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pink with white edging.
a large flower with many layered pink petals and a cluster of short yellow stamen at it's center.
the flower has long thin oval petals that are pink and white.

this flower has petals that are pink with white lines
this flower has white filament and white and purple petals as its main features
the dark pink and white flower has petals that are soft, smooth and has long stamens that are sticking out from the centre
this is a pink flower with white near the ovary and stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white in the centers.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
this flower has long thin stamen and petals that are pink with white centers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
this flower has big petals that have red edges and a white stripe down the center.
this flower has dark pink petals with white veins and long, white stamen.

the flower has long stamen that are pink with pink petals.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has long red stamen surrounded by red petals with maroon spots.
this flower has petals that are red with black dots
this flower has orange pistil and orange and purple petals as its main features
this flower has orange and purple petals as well as a orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black spots
this flower has long, curling coral petals with dark spots and long coral anthers.
a large red flower with black dots and a very long stigmas.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.

this flower has numerous yellow petals surrounding a large brown colored center.
flower petals are oval in shape and they are yellow in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with darker stamen
this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are curly and wavy.
this flower has the yellow petals arranged as a circle with the clumsy black stamens at the center
this flower has a very wide center and tapered yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are curled up and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that areyellow and has brown stamen
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with a middle that is brown in color.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are yellow.

the pedicel is wrapped in green leaves and surrounded by even bigger green leaves.
this flower has wide flat waxy green leaves and vertical chevron patterned red petals arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has bright red petals that are stacked on one another
this flower is oddly the shape of a small pine cone, but has amazingly large leaves.
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are rounded.
a red flowers with many petals and alternating leaves and green sepals
this red flower has many petals overlapping an encircling the same colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower has bright magenta petals that come out of the receptacle in a fanned out shape.
this red cone shaped flower has petals growing upward in rows and sits on a thick stem with large green leaves.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are heart shaped.
this white color flower has the simple row of heart shaped petals shaded with orange color at the end
this flower has thick heart shaped white petals and a very yellow star shaped center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow and orange centers.
this flower has petals that are white with a yellow center
the flower is big with petals that are white, soft, smooth and has yellow stamens almost sticking out from the center
this white and yellow flower has heart shaped petals and green sepals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are heart shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
this flower has white heart shaped petals that form an overlapping ring.

this flower has a white petal and single yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
the flower shown has a large orange pistil and white petals
this flower has petals that are white with big yellow sttle
this flower has a long yellow stamen surrounded by a thick, pointed white petal.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.
white cone shaped petals opening up with a yellow stigma sticking out the middle
this flower has petals that are white and has a long style
this flower has a singular white petal that wraps itself, vertically around a orange stigma.

the flower is a deep dark purple color with a light green ovary.
how glorious and distinctive are the velvety, lush purple leaves surrounding the downy, yellow center.
a flower with broad, pointed petals that are a brilliant purple.
these flowers have purple petals and vibrant yellow stamen at its center.
a flower with purple ragged petals and clustered thin stamen
this hexagon shaped flower has petals that look like velvet.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a flower with purple petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has purple and black petals that have yellow stamen
the six petals on this flower are a deep purple color with uellow stamen.

the flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl like shape
this flower has petals that are white with edges of purple
this flower has petals that are white with pink centers and white stamen.
the flower has big round white petals with purple edges.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovules.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this purple and white flower has rounded petals and white anthers.
this flower has four round white petals with purple veins.
this flower has large white petals with purple tips and veins running through them, surrounding a yellow style with thin white stamen coming out of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges

these bright pink flowers have no visible anther or filament but the middle is a darker pink.
leaves are gren,flowers are light pink in color and are capsule shpaed
this flower has petals that are pink wit purple near the middle
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
pale purple flower with 5 petals opening to a darker pink center.
this flower has light lavender petals that have darker magenta centers.
the petals are bright pink and turn to a deeper pink closer to the receptacle.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple shading
the flower has soft wavy pink petals with specks of white.

two flowers with pinkish white petals and no visible pistils.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink at the tips.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a short stigma
the flower shown has white and pink petals as its main feature
this flower has several upturned layers of white petals with pointed pink tips.
the flower has large green sepals and the petals are white and pink.
the petals of the flower are white with pink tips and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has a number of layers of white petals with light pink edges.
the flower has many white, pointy petals with pink around the edges.

the flower shown has yellow anther and filament to go with yellow petals
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has very pale yellow petals and yellow stamens
this flower has a set of rounded white petals backed by a set of white pointed petals and a cluster of yellow anthers protruding from the middle.
this medium sized yellow flower has many small and flat stamen but no visible pistil.
the delicate petals are arrayed in two rows with the outer ones being white with pointed tips and the inner ones being light green with rounded tips. this contrasts with a yellow stament.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has creamy white pointed petals on the outside with yellow oval shaped petals on the inside and yellow stamens.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color with green stems and leaves.

this flower has petals that are white with flowery pink stigma
the petals are bright pink and white while the stigma is white.
the flower has petals that are purple with white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the color is pink and one cannot differentiate a stamen and pistil.
this flower has light purple and white petals and purple filaments.
this large flower has pastel purple elongated petals with a cluster of stamen on the darker purple pistils.
the white petals have purple strips and the pedicel is green.
this flower has long, narrow, white petals coming from a pistil with long, purple stamen and spikey, white stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma

a flower with sections of indiividual small yellow and red petals with a yellow and red stamen cluster
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips and red stamen.
the flower has petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
the flower has many dark pink petals with yellow edges, it has a green pedicel.
this flower has red petals with yellow at the outside edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower have feather-shaped petals which are yellow on top and red on the bottom.
large round pistil with orange petals with yellow tips with three points on each petal.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled inward towards the ovule.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a pink and white petal flower with yellow stamen visible from above.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have layers that form around the center.
the flower has pink petals that are dense and long and thin.
this particular flower has petals that are pointy and pink
a cup shape flower with a red and white coloration and a long yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are creamy on the outside with inner petals of hot pink and cream and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

the petals on this flower and great in length with warm tones
this flower has orange and purple petals and no recognizable stamen.
this flower has orange,pointed petals which bulge in the middle and arrow shape blue petals.
this flower is yellow, blue, and green in color, and has petals that are pointed.
the flower has a thick stalk with blooms that are orange in color.
this flower has knife like orange petals that stick up vertically.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has pointed green tips with petals of orange and purple which spike upwards.
a flower that has leaves that are hard and orange.
this flower has pointy and orange petals that fold upwards

this flower has petals that are lavender with yellow stamen.
the flower shown has small purple petals and yellow pistil
the flower is violet with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are large and wavy.
this flower has petals that are blue with ruffled edges
one delicate flower hangs upside down with large, purple petals, white stamen, and green stem and leaves.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has crumple purple petals that has small yellow stamen
this flower has few lavender petals and many yellow pistils.

2 layers of bright red petals surrounding a center filled with black and orange stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are bright red, while the stigma and stamen are both dark red.
this flower has petals that are red with red stamen
the petals on this flower are red with red stamen.
this is a red flower with a dark red and flat receptacle.
a large dark red with large pedals and a dark center.
this flower has layers of long and round-edged red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen

a light purple flower with a green stigma and yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals of the flower are pink and curled along the edges with a small yellow center.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has a green bulb and yellow stamen inside wide pink petals.
this flower is light purple and yellow in color, and has petals tat are uneven along the edges.
this flower has very light purple petals with circular orange stamen.
the flower is big with separate petals that are pink and arranged in disc like manner below the disc of separate stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

the blossom has a layer of rounded purple and white petals topped by a layer of fringed purple petals.
this flower has a long pink petal and a lot of blot stamen in the center
the flower has purple petals as well as a green stigma surrounded by purple.
this flower is pink, white, and purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the flower has purple and white petals and green stigma.
this flower has light purple and white petals with blue filaments in a disk formation.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has purple stamen
this flower has a purple fringe surrounded by white and green petals.
the anthers are very large, and the stigmas are very large.
this flower is white, pink, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are dark pink and white stigma.
the flower has pink outer petals that are larger in size with smaller white colored inner petals
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
the flower shown has purple sepal with white petals and yellow anther
this flower has a bright purple petal with small white stigmas
this flower is pink and white in color, with very small star shaped petals.
several maroon sepals below small white pedal flowers with yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are brigh tpink.
this flower has bright pink leaves with veins surrounding tiny white blossoms.
this is a flower with large pink petals and small white flowers.

this flower has many dark orange petals in an outer row surrounding a prominent group of yellow stamen.
the flower petals are dull orange in color with large yellow colored stigma and anthers
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a single row of burnt-orange petals surround a contrasting center of deep yellow stamens.
this flower has an orange petal with a dark yellow group of anthers in the middle
this flower has many separate petals that are long and dark orange and it has many yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this orange flower has pointed petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has short petals and lots of anthers.
this dark orange flower has small overlapping petals and prominent yellow anthers.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
very odd shaped orange flower with many tiny orange petals.
these flowers is tall and has yellow petals with green leaves
flower with long and fringed yellow petals on a green leafy stem
tall flower with small yellow tubes grouped in a bunch.
the bright yellow petals of this flower more closely resemble leaves, but stand vertically and stick out against the green leaves of the plant.
this flower consists of a series of small, intricate yellow parts with pointy green leaves at the base.
this flower has a spiky shape with lots of little yellow petals making up each blossom.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin

this flower has a wide yellow piston surrounded by layers of long, pointed pink petals.
the pointed oblong petals of this purple flower form a multi-layered ray around the center of bright yellow pollen tubes and stigmas.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stigma
a flower with lavender petals and a large yellow stigma in the center.
a beautiful flower with purple petals and a yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a pistil.
the stamen is nearly hidden by the layers of pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower has soft pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it on a green pedicel.

the petals of this pink flower are striated with lighter pink, and the leaves are serrated.
the leaves are braod and green in color with light pink petals with large anthers
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have small veins.
the flower has five petals that are pink with pink stigma.
a flower with wide, spaced out petals that are colored a pale shade of pink.
this flower has pink petals that get white from the base and a light pink stamen.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
this pink flower has rounded petals and a pink stamen with pink anthers.
this flower is white and pink in color, with thin and wavy petals.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink with stringy green stamen
the petals of the flower are pointed and are pink in color.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has long pointy white petals and a lot of green stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this large multicolored flower has white and pink wedge shaped petals around a green and white circular interior.
this flower has a wide white center surrounded by green and pink pointed petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed.

small oval shaped petals arranged in a circular manner having white shades in the bottom of the petals
the petals of the flowers are red in color with a white center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored
the petals on this flower are a dark pink going to white near the stamen.
hot pink petals with white in the centers, surrounding the stigma and stamen and dull green pointed sepal beneath them.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are white near the center.
this flower has small petals that are white at the base and pink elsewere.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
the petals are bright magenta with white spots and the stamens are tiny and green.
a flower with short and wide petals that are purple and white.

this flower has petals that are white with a white stigma.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are white with purple lines
a white flower with thick round petals and yellow and purple stamen.
this flower is vertically symmetrical with white petals around the outside and a pistil that curves up. there are purple and yellow markings on the pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has patches of yellow
this bright white flower has a very complex center resembling a bird.
this flower has three white sepals and three white petals with pink and yellow on one petal.
a flower with short and narrow petals that are white.
the petals of the flower are broad in shape and white in color.

the flower has a bright yellow petal with orange stamen in the center
this flower has big yellow petals with a yellow stigma in the center
this flower has four yellow petals and a number of thin yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has bright yellow, wide petals with slightly ribbed edges and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has four yellow petals and a yellow thin stamen in the center.
a flower with long and wide petal that is yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very thin and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are orange and yellow

this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
leaves are green incolor,petals are red in in colorand are rpounded in shape
what is special about this flower is its petal shapes and the rich red colors it has
the flower shown has red petals and a red pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has large, dark red petals and with a red stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this scarlet colored flower has about 5 scarlet colored ruffled petals with a scarlet pistil coming out the center that has a yellow and darker red stigma.
this flower has bright red petals with ruffles in them and a red stigma.
this red big flower has serrated sepals with long pistol and yellow anthers stick to it

the petals are bright red and rounded with a deep blue color in the center, the stigma is light green.
this flower has wide, slightly ruffled red petals with black centers.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are wavy and red.
this is a red flower of a rounded shape with rounded leave and a dark center surrounding the stigma.
a medium sized flower with large red petals, dark purple stamens and a yellow stigma with black stripes
this flower has petals that are red and has a blue center
a red flower with a purple anther and filament and yellow stigma
this flower has bright red petals with smooth edges that are overlapping each other.
this flower has overlapping wide red petals with smooth and slightly ruffled edges.
the petals on this flower are large and rounded and a bright red in color.

this flower has numerous long, rounded petals which are bright yellow and upturned.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are narrow and golden with a green pedicel.
this flower has yellow thin-like petals with a thick green stem.
this yellow flower has many club or padle shaped pedals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this is a yellowish orange flower with many thin petals and a green, almost furry stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has very short green pointed sepals underneath a single layer of yellow oblong petals in a ring.

this pink cylindrical flower has white stamens in the center and a connected petal that looks downward.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with red dots
a cluster of flowers with purple petals and speckles with no visible pistils.
the flower is pink with fused petals forming a bell shape with spots in the inner region of it
this flower has pink petals that have red dots on them
this pink flower hangs downward and has a speckled pattern inside.
this flower has very droopy petals, they cover the entire center of the flower and angle them down.
this flower is pink and white in color, with bell shaped petals.
this flower has many trumpet shaped pink blossoms with spots on the insides of each petal.

light purple flower with yellow middle and green leaves
the flower shown has pointy pink petals with yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is a pink lotus that has many petals pointing upwards with yellow stamens.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
multiple rows of bright pink pedals lightening up the closer they get to the yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has upturned layers of pink petals with tapered tips.
this flower has long pointed pink petals and yellow anthers.

these pale pink and white flower petals have flowing sepals.
this flower features small round pink and white petals surrounding long green sepels.
this flower has pink and white petals along with a green pedicel.
the petals are light pink and white, and round in shape.
this flower has a set of light-pink petals and a green stem.
this flower has small and very smooth petals in gradating shades of pale pink.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
a large pink and white pedaled flower with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and white and folded upwards
a flower with short and wide petals that are pink.

the leaves are alternately arranged with white pink petals that are overlapping
this pink flower has a row of pointy, long petals and a very large cluster of white and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stringy stamen
this flower has long and pointy red petals and a group of white stamen in the cener
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed upward.
this flower has white center stamen surrounded by thick and spiky pink petals.
this particular flower has petals that are long and gray and light red
a flower that is surround by pointed leaves that are green.
this flower has pink petals with many white and long stamen
a large bloom with thick white and pink pointed petals in a star pattern with many fuzzy white stamen covering the broad ovule.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and skinny.
the flower shown has purple petals and a green pedicel
the petals are very long and are shaded in a violet color.
long, slim pink petals with a white stripe down the middle of each curl away from the center of the flower, where pink and purple stamens sprout in a tight bunch.
thin and long swirling petals surround a long stamen that is a light pink with purple stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long thin pink petals and an even longer pink pistil.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
these flowers have soft lavender petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has long, and very thin, pink petals which curl backwards.

this flower has large white petals and a big yellow stigma in the middle of it
the flower has pink petals with a pink and yellow stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and very poiinty
a pink flower with pointed petals that shoot upward surrounding a large pink stigma.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this pink flower has overlapping petals almost like scales and yellow anther.
these flowers have thin pink petals which are sharp and ovular.
the pinkish white pedals are sharp and overlapping forming with their points facing upwards.

this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointy.
a flower with spiny green sepals, white and pink petals and green pedicel.
the petals are spiny and purple and white in color, while the pedicel is also spiny and green.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
the petals are spiky nad needle shaped,ae green in color
the flower has a spiky green pedicel, small spiky, purple petals, and darker purple anthers.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the flower has green sepals with thin upwards pointed purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has a very large number of small purple petals in a dome-like configuration.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this is a semi-double white flower with yellow fuzzy stamen in the center.
the flower is white with its sepals that are soft, smooth, wet and separately arranged in layers forming a bowl shape around the yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a beautiful white flower with many petals and a yellow center.
this white flower has many layered pointed petals and yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is dark yellow
this flower has long rounded white petals, a mass of yellow stamen, and an underwater pedicel.

this is a flower with orange petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wilted and wavy.
the flower has petals that are orange with green pedicel.
orange petals with darker blotches of orange, irregular edges forming a cup around a center.
this flower has petals that are orange with red lines
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are orange.
this flower has bright orange and yellow petals around a lighter orange stamen.
this flower has a light orange receptacle and large petals that are varying shades of orange.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
all the petals of the flower face flat outward, with a pair of round purple petals set atop a pair of slightly whiter petals, atop a final petal that looks like two joined and has black lines on it.
this flower has purple petals with yellow and black stripes on them, and no visible stamen
the petals of this flower are purple and yellow and white with a long stigma
these petals have six purple petals each with some yellow on the bottom ones.
this flower has purple petals that grow to white and end at yellow in the center, no pistil to be seen.
the small circular petals are light purple with dark brown spots and the sepals are almond shaped and green.
each flower has approximately five petals, two being only purple and three having dark stripes radiating from the center of the flower and one of these three has yellow under the dark stripes.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow patches

this flower has a bunch of orange petals and a white center on it
this flower has large yellow petals with red veins and a red tint at the center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has petals that are bright orange with a red center.
a small elegant flower that is yellow with some orange petals
this flower is golden and has very large pedals and a gray center.
this flower has small rounded orange petals with prominent veins.
this flower has orange petals with a patch of red and white stamen
this flower has ruffled leaves that transition between yellow and orange hues.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

a long round ended, white petaled layered flower with yellow stamen.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long white petals.
this flower has bright yellow stamen and three layers of long white petals.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamen and anthers on it
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has bright yellow filaments surrounded by white petals.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has a yellow center and layers of thick white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

a flower with orange petals but no pistils or anther filaments in sight.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this orange flower has powerful green leaves protruding from its stem
orange petal flower with dark green sepal and yellow receptacle.
the flower has orange style with green petals all around.
very tiny yellow anther are create a cone shape on top of green sepal.
this flower has multiple orange pedals that shape like a cone.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together
the petals of this flower are golden orange and the pedicel is green
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are fluffy and bunched together.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are puurple and very stringy
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled upward.
a purple and red flower with red pointed petals on the bottom and purple stamen on top.
this flower has purple sepal and thin blue petals as its main features
this flower has purple pistil, dark red petals and green pedicel.
this flower has many skinny and long purple petals that are pointing upward.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are red and has purple stringy stamen
a pineapple shaped dark red flower with a purple long flowers.

this flower has several large, wide red petals with rounded, slightly ruffled edges.
the flower petals are pink in color,the stamen is smaller n length
the flower has a smooth red petal with red anther and filament
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
these small red flowers have yellow centers and dark red stripes
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are striped.
this red flower has long pink stamen and yellow in the center.
this flower has wide and rounded red petals with smooth edges.
this flower has shell shaped red petals with yellow highlights closure to the pistil.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright pink.

the flower has a very bright orange petal with orange anther
this flower is vibrant red in color, and has petals that are connected together.
the flowers are big and orange, and the anther and filament are black and orange.
this flower has large rounded red petals with slight black designs in the center.
the petals of the flower is colored bright orange while it's stamen is a darker shade of brown.
this flower has a central pod surrounded by wide, rounded red petals.
this flower has bright orange petals with daubs of black at center.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has a very brilliant rounded orange petals.
this flower has large orange petals that are smooth and rounded.

the flower has many pink petals surround the pink anther and filament
this large pink flower has thin petals that are long and pink
petals are needle shaped and pink in color with green larger stigma
long, thin pink petals surround a white and pink area of stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are arranged in a ring around a pink and tan pistil and are colored a bright pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this pink flower has a round middle made of pink and yellow mottling with a light-yellow ovule, and flat, narrow, pink petals surround the mottled center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has a pink center and layers of long thin pink petals.

this flower is white and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this trumpet shaped flower has unfolding orange-red petals with thin stamen.
the flower has petals that are shaped like a trumpit with orange and white petals.
this flower has petals that are red with white lines
this flower has orange and white petals along with orange filament with a green, orange and white pedicel.
this flower has a white sepal and a trumpet shape blossom with orange and white petals.
this flower has large white petals that turn orange towards the tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has white lines
this flower has long, large white petals with vivid red accents.
this flower has red and white petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has a lot of purple stamen and large purple petals and white stigma on it
this flower has large green stamen and pollen tube, and fringed purple hairlike petals, surrounded by longer purple petals with rounded edges.
the flower has long dark purple petals with a green pistil.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals and has long stringy stamen
this flower is bright purple with slightly lighter stamen of the same color, and light yellow-green pistils
a flower with purple petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals along with a lots of purple filaments and white stamen.

this flower has orange, yellow petals and a light yellow ring around the center of it.
this flower contains several overlapping rows of orange petals surrounding a yellow center containing many small puff like stamens.
the petals on this flower are orange surrounding orange stamen as well.
the monochrome flower is nothing but orange, from the stigma, to the anther, to the long, slender, toothed petals the form a perfect circle when in full bloom.
flower is big and round petals are orange and the pistil ie orange and round and is in middle of flower
this flower is bright orange in color, with very skinny oval shaped petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are a bright orange.
this flower has several layers of bright orange petals, fading to yellow near the center and yellow-orange stamen.
this flower has layers of orange petals which are smooth and have ruffled tips.
the orange stamen of this flower are surrounded by many narrow orange petals.

the flower is white and has a single petal.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow center
the flower shown has white pistil with light blue petals
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has conjoined soft petals in hues of blue and pale purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow center
this flower has small light blue petals and a white pistil.
a large funnel shaped flower with some light blue pedals.
light lavender trumpet shaped cingular pedal with white stamen within.
light lavender trumpet shaped cingular pedal with white stamen within.

this purple flower has six ruffled, oval shaped petals and medium length greenish-yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with six individual purple and lavender petals with a central cluster of white stamen.
the flower has purple petals with yellow anther and white filament
this purple flower has six petals and lots of filament.
this flower has six petals that are dark purple on the edges and a lighter purple in the middle.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are darker near the edges.
a purple pinwheel shaped flower with a tan center stigma.
this flower has a wheel-like arrangement of oblong purple petals surrounding a clump of thin white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

the flower has red petals with a red stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with red stigma.
this flower is red in color, with petals that have veins.
shaped like a plate, the red flower consists of interconnected, round red petals followed by a group of yellow filaments in the middle.
this flower has petals that are red with flowery yellow stigma
this flower has petals that arered and has yellow style
this flower has large red petals with yellow stamens and a red stigma.
the red petals are ruffled on the edges and the filament is red and the anther is yellow.
this flower has wide and rounded red petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.

this flower has petals which are rough on the edge and both hang down as well as stay upright.
this flower has petals that are blue with ruffled edges
this flower is white in color, with petals that are very ruffled and wilted.
very large dull white pedals with slight purple near the pistils and a yellow and red pistil.
this flower has large ruffled white petals with pale purple accents.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
the petals on this flower are mostly white with a light lavender stamen.
this flower has large white and pale purple petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has ruffled petals that are white and purple.
a very large white flower with fluffy pedals and a golden state.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are skinny.
the petals are long and thin that are over a spiky button.
this flower has long pink stamen that stick out from the center
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower shown has spiny purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has a spiky green orb topped with a thick pink fringe.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are pointed and skinny.
this flower has petals that arepink and are very thin
this flower has many prominent spiky sepals underneath a disk of very thin pink petals.

the flower is facing towards the ground and has petals that are soft and separately arranged around pedicel forming a bell shape
the flower shown has drooping purple petals with white spots
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are drooping downward.
the purple petals on this flower hand toward the ground and have numerous pale purple polka dots on them.
the pedals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has dotted pink petals, mix of green and pink pedicel.
this flower has a drooping head and wide thick purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
the blooms of the flower are purple in color and have a speckled pattern.
this flower has smooth green stems with petals that have light patterns on a darker red background.

this flower has a very wide white center surrounded by upturned, pointed pink petals.
this flower has long pointed pink petals and a lot of white anthers in the center
the flower has petals that are pointed and burgundy, with a large center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
a complex flower featuring light purplem white and yellow filaments and stamen and mauve colored petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has a white thick center surrounded by a ring of pointed pink petals that are slightly cupped.
this flower has pink petals as well as a white stamen.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are red.
this flower has large pink petals with a large white pistil.

the pretty little flower has three yellow petals almost in the shape of a butterfly.
the stamen, pistil, anthers, and petals of the flower are all yellow while the sepals are green.
this large yellow and white flower has dark red veins and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has three distinct lower level petals and three smaller softer petals on the upper level, all of which are yellow.
a flower with long and narrow petals that widen at the top.
this flower has long yellow veiny leaves with a large pistil and stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black lines
there are three yellow pedals with brown lines sticking outwards from the center as well as three smaller yellow pedals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has a trio of white petals with yellow edges and stripes in the center of a three larger yellow petals.

a flat plate-like white pedaled flower with a yellow center.
this flower has smooth white petals and white pistil as its main features
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow center
the flat white petals with yellow inner tips are thin and paperlike and lie around the thin white stamen in a cone-like shape in which it is difficult to tell where one ends and the next one begins.
a flower with a wide petal that is white.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow only near the base ofthe ovary.
this flower has broad white petals and a centered yellow pistil.
this flower has conjoined white petals which are soft and have a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the flower has petals that are upright and white with yellow stamen.
the very strong white petals protect the bright golden statmen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has lots of white colored petals with the center of the flower in a bright yellow color.
the flower petals are whit in color with yellow colored stamen and pistil
flower with long sepals that are long and green on the outside and white on the inside, white petals, configured in a multi-layer, center cluster of numerous short standing yellow filaments, yellow anthers.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curved upward around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the white petals are pointed and turned upwards around a cluster of yellow stamen.
this flower has long thin white petals with a vibrant yellow center and yellow anthers.

this flower has a large orange pistol with a few late white petals that have numerous purple streaks through them.
the flower is big with petals that are soft and starting as a tube and suddenly flaring out the separated petals
this flower has petals that are purple with a yellow stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has lobe shaped petals that are white with purple streaks, and it has yellow stamens.
this flower has layers of rounded white petals with purple veins.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
a short green pedicel holds up the flower that has large white petals with a purple vein design, which surround a bright yellow pistil and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are white and have purple stripes going through them

this flower has petals that are orange and yellow stamen.
the flowers has dark orange colored petals with some yellow filaments and stamen.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by layers of overlapping orange petals.
the flower has orange petals which surround the yellow anther
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has orange pedals and a yellow stamen in the center on a bed of green leaves.
this flower has layers of orange oblong smooth petals with a bright center of bright yellow anther.
this petal has a cluster of yellow stamen in the center surrounded by oval shaped orange petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.

this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with green stigma
the petals of the flower are red and have a waxy appearance and have green leaves.
the flower has large heart shaped red leaves that are shiny and waxy.
a tiny red flower with thick red petals and a thick green stigma.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower is red in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
this flower has large red, waxy, ear-shaped sepals with a long yellow cone in the center made up of many individual flowers.
this particular flower has petals that are red and round
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style

this flower has a white colored set of petals with small veins in them that's green in color.
these two white tubular flowers have fluttery white petals.
the flower has a white petal along with a green pedicel
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that have small veins.
two white flowers that have longish petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are white at the tips and dip into a green cone shape.
this flower has petals that are white and have shades of green
the white flower has petals that are soft and smooth which is starting as a narrow tube at sepal and suddenly flaring out and forming star like shape
the flower has a white petals with many stamen around the green pollen tube

the petals are dark purple, with light purple towards the middle of the flower.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the flower shown has light and dark blue petals which is its dominant feature
the variegated bearded iris has deep purple "beards" with light purple top petals surrounding the ovule of the flower.
this flower has petals that are very dark purple and others that are light lavender.
this white and purple flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
this flower has petals in varying shades of blue with slightly uneven edges.

this flower has petals that are white with long purple stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has pointed white layers of sepals surrounding several hairlike rows of fringed thin purple petals.
layered greenish red colored bud pedals give way to a burst of purple colored spikey stamen surrounded by white layered pedals.
outer petals are green in color and larger,inner petals are white in color and smaller
this flower hasv purple color pistil and white colr petals satb on the outer row of brown color wide sepals.
this flower is white and purple in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has many white pointed petals with numerous purple stamens.
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are pale purple.
this flower has spiked white petals and a central mass of thin purple hairs.

the flower is purple in color with green sepals.
this flower has waxy purple petals that surround the pistol and stamen.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is in purple color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with white patch
this flower has wide, shiny purple petals which are slightly upturned.
the dark purple petals are in a clam shaped pattern on this flower.
this flower has purple petals that fold upwards with white shading
this purple flower grows close to the ground and has six petals.
this flower is purple in color, with oval shaped and curled petals.

this flower has petals that are red with black lines
the flower is red with its petals that are red, smooth, curly and separately arranged forming a disc like shape
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this bright deep pink flower, with deep purple inner petals is shaped like a star, with soft, fuzzy petals.
this flower has thin maroon petals as its main feature.
this flower has a beatuiful deep color of pink on the petals with dark purple veins.
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has magenta petals, a black and white pistil, and a green pedicel
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are purple near the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has a black center

the petals of this flower are white and yellow with a short stigma
this flower has big white petals and a small yellow ovary.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow shading
the petals are club shaped and are white in color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a patch of pink
a flower with long and pointed petals that are white.
this flower has large petals that are smooth, rounded, and white.
the white petals are slightly ruffled and the stamen are yellow and pink.
this white flower is characterized by its wavy white petals and its inner yellow coloration around the pistil.

the flower has purple and white on the outer petal and red and green on the inner petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow lines
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has petals that are burgundy, with yellow and purple stripes, and one pink and white petal.
the petals are pink and white in color and have yellow detail with a thin maroon stalk.
this flower is white, pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has four rounded petals, one of which is large and solid light pink and the other three are smaller and pink and yellow striped.
this flower has a white bulb under purple petals with green and brown lines in them.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are white with purple lines.
this flower has pink petals with purple and yellow lines on them

leaves are green in color,petals are yellow in color
a flower with yellow and orange petals with a large yellow stigma.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with an orange center
this flower has yellow orange petals, a yellow orange pollen tube and an orange ovule.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dashes
this flower has bright yellow petals that are thick in appearance.
this flower has large rounded yellow petals, yellow stamen, and a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are yellow, the pistol is yellow, and the leaves are green.

the purple petals curve upwards and come to a point. they are darker at the bottom.
this flower has several large pointed violet petals which point upwards.
this pink flower has a long pedicel and attached is about five petals that extend away from the sexual structures of the flower often turning sideways or upside down.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
smooth oval petals grow vertically from a slender stem. the petals are soft lilac, deepening to a dark fuchsia at the base.
this white and pale pink flower has a dark pink center.
this flower has upright petals of light pink that are magenta at the bottom.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple at the tips
a flower with petals that are long and narrow with light purple on the outside and dark purple on the center.
a flower with purple petals in the same of a insect wing.

this flower has long white petals with a pale pink tips and a yellow center.
the flower has large overlapping white petals with pink tips.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink at the tips.
this flower has large white petals and a large yellow stigma on the inside of it
a white and yellow flower with white petals and a yellow round, broad stigma with red dots on top.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow style
this flower has loner white petals with pink tips surrounding a yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pink only on the tips.
this white and pink flower has pointed petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.

this flower has petals that are orange with orange stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this bright orange flower has large petals and dark red stamens.
this peach colored flower has long petals that grow upward and cover the purple stamen.
this is a flower with orange petals and black anthers.
this flower has orange petals with orange stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has bright orange petals that stand up to wrap around orange a red stigma.
this flower has orange petals with long filaments at center.
this flower is a deep burn orange color growing on a strong green stem.
this flower has orange petals that fold up and has yellow stamen

lavender and white pedal and yellow small flower in the middle of the pedals
this flower has purple, broad petals that fade to a lighter purple near the base.
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
a large purple flower with a small pistil and stamen, with the flower as one large petal.
a flower with a singular round petal with opening where a cluster of yellow stamen reside.
this flower has a yellow ovary and stamen with petals that are varying shades of purple and white.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
this purple and white flower has heart shaped petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has large purple petals that gradate to white as they meet in the center around a small cluster of white stamen.
there are purple pedals with a white base as well as small yellowish white stamen.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow and white style
the flower has a bright red petal and white pollen tube that is thick and long.
this flower has a protruding white pistil surrounded by a large shiny red petal with pointed tip.
this flower has a deep red colored petal with a thick pistil.
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower is bright red and has a solitary white and yellow-tipped pistil.
this flower has a shiny, oval shaped red petal and long white stamen.
this flower has what seems to be one large red petal and a weird white stigma.
a flower with one petal that is bright red and surrounds the pollen tube.
this flower is red, white, and yellow in color, with only one shiny petal.

the petals on this flower are red with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
this flower has small red petals with rounded leaves and slightly serrated edges.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are ruffled at the tips.
the petals are red and there are tiny yellow stamen.
this flower has small red petals which are smooth with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this red flower has rounded petals and white stamen with white anthers.
this flower has bright red petals with short, white stamen.
this flower has small red petals and white stigma.

a flower with ruffled broad whtie petals, white anther, and green filaments
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this is a large flower with yellow stigma and a connected petal.
this white flower has five petals and a bunch of florets and stamens in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has large white petals that are slightly overlapping in a circular arrangement.
this flower is light green in color, and has petals that are wavy.,
this white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has creamy white colored petals surrounding a little darker stamen and pistil.

this flower has spiraling layers of pink and peach colored petals with rounded edges.
the variegated pink to yellow petals of this flower are arranged in an overlapping spiral.
the flower has several layers of petals from the inner most in a pink and orange shade to the red colored petals in the outer layers.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the pedals of this flower are pink and red and yellow with a short stigma
pink flower with tight rounded petals and yellow tinted inner petals.
pink to yellow with gold flecks layered petals surrounded by green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of yellow and is ruffled
multicolored petals of dark pink, light pink, yellow and pale yellow are shown on the flower.
this flower has tightly wrapped layers of petals that are varying shades of pink and orange.

this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this pink flower has the numerous petals arranged in the circle order with the clumsy stamen at the center
this is a medium pink flower with multiple petals in more than one row.
this flower has very dense rows of pink petals with white tips.
the flower has thin pink petals with a round ovule that lightens on the outside.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are thin and oblong and arranged in a ring.
there are many pink petals on this flower, the pistol is pink with a dark pink center, and the leaves are green.
there are two layers of vibrant pink long slightly pointed petals in a star configuration.

this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
the petals on this flower are pink with dark stamen.
this flower is pink with pink veins on the petal and a dark pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has purple petals, green sepals and a green pedicel.
the small, pink flower has five delicate, veined petals with a thin pedicel and large leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and are in a bell shape
this flower has a set of veiny pink petals around its stamen and a green sepal.
petals of this flower are very broad and overlapping each other. petals rounded and are violet color.
petals of this flower are very broad and overlapping each other. petals rounded and are violet color.

this flower has vivid pink large petals that come to a point at the ends.
this flower has bulbous green stamen surrounded by long, leaf like, veined red petals.
the flower has petals that are large and pink with green filaments.
large, broad leaves of magenta coloring appear to replace the traditional petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
large, football shaped, red petals where the vein is protruding noticeabley and collected to a dense, green and red cluster of stamens.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink and has imprint lines
this flower has broad red petals, green stamen and yellow anther filaments with broad green leaves.
this flower has large red petals and round looking green stamen.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
this large flower has layers of fringed and hairlike purple petals which point in multiple directions.
the petals of this flower are blue with a long stigma
light purple and dark purple petals light green leaves
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
there are weed like leaves and the flower has a bright pink color at its based which fades up the stigmas into purple
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with very skinny petals.
this unique flower has a red stigma and lavender tipped filaments.
this flower has petals that are purple and is very stringy

the pedicel has many flowers growing from it and the petals being pink.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has large and ruffled petals in varying shades of bright pink.
the flower shown has several pink petals that turn upwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and closed together
this flower has vertical layers of soft pink petals with ruffled textures.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched closely.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has beautiful pink petals and a layered green pedicel
this flower has bunches of pink petals that grow up the stem.

this is a light colored flower with many different petals on a green stem.
a flower with folded conical white and yellow petals, green sepals, and green pedicel.
this flower has small white petals and no visible outer stigma
this flower has several small trumpet shaped blossoms of pale yellow arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
lonely faint yellow and white petaled flowers on a long green stem.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
this particular flower has petals that are short and round with light green and white

this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with a big stigma
the petals on this flower are orange with red stamen.
the flower faces the ground, has brown petals with darker veins, and has berry-like stamen hanging from the center.
the stigma is blood red and the petals are a burnt orange color.
this flower is light orange in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red lines
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light brown colored with darker brown lines running along the width and length.
this flower has a tall and prominent pistil and large peach colored petals with darker veins.
this flower has a tall and prominent pistil and large peach colored petals with darker veins.

the petals of the flower are in multiple layers and are pink in yellow in color.
the vast amount of petals surround the pistil in a pinecone type of manner and are yellow at the center, and peach colored toward the outer region (with white tips).
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a bunch of pink and yellow petals with a yellow stamen
this flower has several layers of slightly tapered pink and orange petals.
this flower has many different layers of small oblong pink and yellow petals that are tightly grouped together.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
the petals of the flower formulate a eye appealing shape, and there are various tones of orange and yellow throughout
this flower has many petals which are orange-red and yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading

this flower features a striking blue ovary surrounded by pointed orange petals.
this flower has petals that are long and pointed and are yellow in color.
this flower has thin and long golden petals that come to a sharp point at the end.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are skinny and pointed.
this flower has thin orange petals that are pointed upwards
this flower is orange, blue, and red in color, and has petals that are pointed and sharp.
this flower has long, thick and very spiked petals in orange, red and blue.
this flower has orange petals as well as a orange pistil.
this flower has sparse bright orange petals that are long with pointed tips.

the flower shown has a drooping purple and white petals with a purple pedicel
the petals of the flower are red in color and are dropping downwards.
the drooping flower has mottled purpleish petals with pointy ends, arranged in a tight bell shape.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
this flower has a lamp look to it with the red petals pointing down.
pink patterned flower with a overall bell shape and elongated spotted petals
this drooping flower has pink and purple petals with a pattern on them.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has purple petals that are covered in pink dots

this flower has petals that are blue with black lines
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
a dark blue flower with purple lines coming from the with pollen tube.
the flower is glowing with blue fused petal that is soft, smooth and thin
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are lighter near the ovary.
this blue and red flower has pointed petals and a red pedicel.
this bright blue flower has dark veins on the petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has dark lines
this flower has bright blue petals with dark blue veins and white stamen.
the pedals are a deep blue with a long star of purple blue and red going through their center.

this flower has thick pink petals in a vertical chevron pattern.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has many red petals that are layered and open at the top of the plant.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together
a red flower with alternating green leaves with sepals and the leaves are long
this flower has bright crimson red petals and a short green pedicel
the flower has several layers of deep red petals that are overlapping.
the flower has several layers of deep red petals that are overlapping.
the flower has several layers of deep red petals that are overlapping.

this flower has white petals with purple spots on them and a purple spotted stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower shown has spotted purple and white petals as its main feature.
the flower has a set of 6 petals that are white in color but covered in violet dots and specks.
this flower has stamen and long pointed petals which are white with dark royal purple spots.
this flower is purple and white in color, with multi colored petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has long thin white petals with purple spotted design.
this flower has white petals with many purple dots on them
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

the flower has long yellow petals that are thin and a yellow stamen.
the flower has many small yellow petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has long skinny yellow petals and a bunch of yellow anthers in the center of it
this flower has a lot of yellow petals that are thin and long and a ring of yellow stamen just inside the unfurled petals.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has very thin bright yellow petals in a ring shape.
this flower has a yellow center and thin layers of fringed yellow petals.
this flower has many skinny yellow petals with a yellow center.

the flower is orange in color and has a center made of yellow anthers.
the flower shown has orange petals as its main feature.
the flower shown has petals which are very smooth and yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has a bright orange petal and bright orange stamen and anthers in the center
this flower has small and very smooth, straight, and sleek yellow petals whose centers deepen to orange.
an orange flower with a dark orange center and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big style
the vibrant yellow flower has four scalloped petals.
this yellow orange flower has rounded petals, yellow anthers and a green pedicel.

this flower has large whit petals with yellow centers with white anthers
this flower has petals that are white with short stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have small veins.
this is a pale yellow, star shaped flower with a darker yellow line down the center of each of the five petals.
the flower has a white petal with a white anther and filament
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
the petals on this flower are white and the pistil is olive yellow
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.
this flower has a large white petal with green veins and uneven edges.
this pale, white flower has soft yellow variegated petals with a trumpet shape.

the flower has petals in which the bottom layer has separated petals and the upper layer has fused petals that is forming a bell shape
this flower has a large purple petal with a center that is yellow
the flower has purple petals with a hint of yellow towards the center
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are in the shape of a star.
this flower has several wide, flat lavender petals with tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a bell shape
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has long and smooth purple petals with rounded edges and a yellow center.
this flower has smooth petals that are generally light purple in color and one that is a deep red and white color.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple colored.

this is a yellow flower with multi-petals and a large core of multiple stamens.
the flower is has petals that are yellow in color with a center that is brown in color.
this bright yellow flower has multiple petals that overlap and short pistils and stamen in the middle.
this flower is yellow and brown in color with many petals and stubby ovule.
this flower contains many layers of elongated yellow petals surrounding a prominent yellow and black ovary.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has a brown center surrounded by layers of long yellow petals.
this flower has a large number of small yellow petals arranged tightly together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has brown stamen
this flower has pretty bright yellow petals with a bug on it

this flower has a single, pink petal with a single pink stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with one large petal.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink style
the petals on this flower are red with a red pistil.
this flower has one pink petals that has a big style
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has a single, waxy, inverted-heart-shaped petal with a thick stamen and thick reddish-brown stem
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower consists of a single large pink petal with a pointed tip and a thick pink pistil.

this flower has bright purple round petals with white and red spots on the inside.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with purple center
a flower with a tubular pink and red dotted petal, green sepals, and green pedicel
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has many purple, bell shaped petals, which are spotted.
this pink flower has conical petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
a flower with long petals that are purple.

this flower has bright red petals with white pistil as its main features
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a bright red petal with a waxy appearance.
a large red heart shaped flower with shiny red petals and a white stigma.
the flower has one red petal that is shiny, with a long tube color red and white.
this flower has a stigma with an white tip and pink base, its petal is red.
this flower has a thick white stamen and a shiny pointy red petal.
a flower with one petal that wraps around the pollen tube.
this unique flower has 1 red heart shaped petal with stamen laying on petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style

this flower has smooth purple petals and white pollen tubes as its main features
this flower has three triangle-shaped petals and three white miniature flowers in the middle.
pretty white flowers with a yellow center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are small.
the petals on this flower are purple with small white flowers as well.
this flower has purple petals that take on a triangular shape and yellow stamen.
the flower has triangular lavender petals with three small white stems in the middle
this flower is white in color, with long, pointed, purple sepals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower looks like it has small white flowers inside the petals where the stamen is.

the flower has petals that are overlapping and red with white filaments.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has several rows of long pink petals and a large yellow center.
the petals on this flower are a dark pink surrounding numerous yellow stamen.
this flower has bright pink petals with outer white stamens and yellow inner stamens
this flower has magenta pink petals that are narrow elongated ovals, the are multi-layered petals; while there are many short stamens surrounding a round flat, large stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has a pale green center and layers of long, thin pink petals.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
a flower with large pointed waxy red petals, red sepals, and green pedicel
outer petals are green in color,inner petals are red in color
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
this flower has long red pointed petals with hints of greenery throughout.
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is made up of very long red petals that get smaller closer to the pistil.
this flower has many separate red petals that are somewhat thin and pointy
this flower is red and green in color, and has petals that are pointed.
this flower has pointed red petals that fold up in layers

this flower has petals that are purple with ruffles at the end
flower with dark and light purple petals on a green stem.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
the center of the petals from a small extension, with visible veins on the petals.
this flower features delicate lilac colored petals layered in a cup shape.
a purple flower with lots of buds and green leaves the the pedicel are green
this flower has pale purple petals which angle upwards and overlap slightly.
this pale purple and white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
this flower has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are purple

a brown stem stretches to a bright yellow petals that are all collectively centered together.
this yellow flower has toothpick shape petals with stamens of similar color.
yellow compound flower head with thicker petals on the outside and yellow filaments in the center
this little flower is yellow with lots of little petals.
the flower pictured has lots of yellow petals with a long green pedicel
this flower has a cluster of rows that are colored bright yellow and has square tipped petals.
this flower has layers of long, thin hair-like yellow petals.
this bright bold yellow flower has an overall round shape with many blade like petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has multiple rows of skinny yellow petals that form a ball.

leaves are green incolor,flower is dark pink in color and capsule in shape
this flower has petals that are pink with dark lines
the flower shown has large purple petals with green pedicel
a veiny purple flower with large curled petals and green sepal.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have dark veins.
large, purple petals with darker veins running through, and green sepals and pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of white
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are rounded and have veins.
this purple flower has floppy petals with deep purple veins throughout.
this flower has large purple petals with darker purple veining that are arranged very close together.

this flower has a large pink petal and a yellow stigma coming out of the center
a cluster of flowers with pink petals and yellow pistils.
the flower has alternate petals that are pink in color with green sepals
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has several large pink petals with delicately ruffled edges.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has pink and white petal,s that are ruffled around the edges
this flower has light pink petals with curly edges and a yellow pistil.
this flower has layered pink and white petals on a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

this small flower has bright red petals which overlap slightly at their centers.
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red with purple stamen
this is a small plant with a small red cluster of flowers at the top that open from the bottom up.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower has red petals with brown stamens and green pedicels.
bight red petals surround the purple pistil while sitting atop green sepal.
this is a red flower with dark purple stamens.
this flower has small and slightly ruffled petals in shades of dark red.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

a flower with a extra long pollen tube that is yellow the petals are pink
this is a pink flower with delicate rounded leaves and a deep pink center.
the light pink flower has five petals, a dark red receptacle and a long pale yellow style with pink anthers at the head.
flower with delicate pink petals and a long stamen with distinct anther.
this flower is vibrant pink in color with a long yellow style.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a yellow stamen with pink anthers.
this flower has a yellow pistil and large light pink petals.
this flower has very pale pink petals with a few white spots across them and one long stamen that is white with pink tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long style
a flower with five pink specked with white petals that surround a long white pistil.

the flower has pink petals with white edges and a protruding yellow pistil.
this flower has pink and white petals and a yellow and white pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
several pink pointed ovular petals, with spikes extending from the bottom while at the top there are many stamen extending well above the top.
the stamens are white in color and longer with yellow large anthers
this flower has long pink and white petals with long yellow stamens.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are thin.
this flower has a yellow stigma, white petals and pink pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and white stamens with yellow anthers.

the flower has pink and yellow petals surrounding the yellow and purple anther
this flower has a textured center surrounded by long red petals with yellow tips.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the single row of long, slender petals are the same deep red color as the anther, but transition to a golden yellow on the tips.
this flower has a long purple petal with yellow tips and a center with purple and yellow anther filaments
this flower has long tapered red petals with pointed yellow tips.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and multicolored.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower has many rounded petals fading from purple at the interior, to deep red, and finally bright yellow at the edges.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are red with yellow tips.

the petals on this flower are pink fading to white.
the flower has white petals that are striped with red on the edge.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the flower shown has pink and white petals with a large green pedicel
the flower has pink and white coloring on the petals with a thick green stalk.
this flower has large white petals that are light red towards the tips.
this flower has a yellow ovary and petals that are white and red.
this flower has large and smooth white petals with pale blush-pin accents at the edges.
a flower with pink and whit petals surrounding long yellow stamen with yellow anther filament.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovule.
an inward facing cluster of white petals surround a large group of yellow stamen with hints of green.
a white flower with large petals and a yellow stamen.
flower with long white circular petals growing around the pale yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower's ovule is hidden away inside of large pedals that surround it on either side.
this flower has a round white center with wide and round-edges white petals.
this flower has a large white pistil surrounded by green stamen and white petals.
this flower has four white leaves forming a hood around its cluster of stigma.

the flower has petals that are brown and orange with yellow edges and yellow anther.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are colored in the center.
this flower has thick yellow and brown petals as its main feature.
the large multi-layered yellow petals are highlighted by brown stripes that are flowing out from the center of the flower.
a large wide flower with yellow, red flower petals, yellow stamen and yellow stigma.
this flower has yellow and red petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
the petals of this flower are bright yellow with a dark red interior and overlap each other in a ring around a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has large yellow petals that turn brown towards the center.

the petals of the flower are orange in color and are arranged in a cluster.
the flower shown has small yellow and orange petals which are its main feature
flower has wide, circular orange and red petals with white stigma in the center.
this is a small orange flower with a white stigma.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are darker in some areas.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
a flower with short and wide petals that are orange.
the petals of the flower are a bright orange color, and the stamens are a dull white color.
this flower has petals that are orange and have shades of yellow
the flower has small round petals that are deep yellow and orange.

this flower has petals that are yellow with ruffled textures
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has large yellow and orange petals that are wilted on the edges and which droop towards the ground.
what do you think is the texture of the petals of the flower based on its appearance?
the flower has yellow petals with a yellow stigma green sepals.
this yellow colored flower has many layered petals that become a darker yellow towards the center.
this flower has large, ruffle-edges petals in hues of orange and pale red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled at the edges
this flower has broad yellow-orange leaves, a yellow ovule and large green leaves.
this particular flower has petals that are short and rounded with light orange

this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen
the petals of the flower are pink and are attached to a small green pad.
this prickly purple flower has short skinny petals and a sepal with thorns.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this has a spiny type pedicel with a pink-lavendar hue flower that has many pollen and stigma leaves.
the petals of the flower are pink in color with a base that spiky and green in color.
this flower is topped with long, thin lavender petals with a bulbous, spiky green ball underneath it.
there are long needle shaped purple and white pedals with a pointy pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very stringy

the flower shown has bright red petals with purple pedicel
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery stigma
can you describe the shapes of the petals and the pollen tubes of this flowers?
these flowers look like red leaves on a stick with brown stems
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has bright pink sepals that are much larger than the small white petals.
these flowers have large pointed red leaves with prominent veins and a red pistil and stamen.
this flower has small yellow petals and long pink stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.

the flower has a peach and white petal with orange anther in the center
the petals on this flower are orange with dark orange veins.
this peach colored flower has veined petals in orange, yellow and green stamen and yellow anthers.
this flower has five wide, rounded white petals streaked with red veins.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has light orange petals with dark orange veins and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
this flower is orange with orange filament, but yellow style.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has wide pale orange petals with darker orange veins.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this flower has think purple petals with long, slender pollen tubes tipped with white stigmas.
this pretty flower is full of pink petals with a green stem and green leaves
the petals of the flower are made of pink petals with anthers that are dark colored.
this flower has rounded petals that are bright pink with darker pink spots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots and stamen
the flower has purple petals with red spots on them
this flower has wide petals of bright pink with ruffled edges.
this flower has small pink petals with long pink stamens.

pretty pink petals with white jagged edges at the ends and a fairly long pedicel that is dark green.
this flower has multiple overlapping layers of ruffled white petals with pink centers.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has delicate frilled petals that are pink towards the center and white on the tips.
the flower is floral shaped and light pink in color with alternating petals
the flower has pink and white petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flower has white petals that gradient to purple down the middle which covers the pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this flower has white roses that have pink tints on them and a thorny green pedicel
this flower has bright pink petals with white tips that are jagged around their edges.

the petals on this flower are a flat purple with a white pistil in the center
this flower has four large white petals which are heart shaped and have purple accents.
the flower has purple petals with a yellow stigma and green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this pale pink flower has dark pink lines on the petals and several yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has very wide petals with soft veins and rounded edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and thin.
this flower has pink petals that have long yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has flat white petals with pink striping and notches at the tips.

this flower has a tiny white blossom in the center surrounded by pointed purple petals with leaflike veins.
this flower has the bright purple color petals which holds the tiny white petals at the center
the flower shown has bright purple petals which are its main feature
a bright purple flower with triangle shaped leaves and a white star shaped center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are very small.
the dark purple petals have a triangular shape and the stigma is white.
this flower has small purple petals and a large white stigma.
this flower has bright purple leaves surrounding a small, thin white blossom.
this flower has large triangle shaped sepals with small white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stigma

a single row of purple/pink petals is arranged around a stamen of a darker purple with yellow anthers.
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are purple with blue stamen
this flower is purple and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a purple center.
the big pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape around purple stamens
this flower has long purple petals with vertical striations and rounded edges.
this flower has pink petals that are stripe with magenta, and blue stamen.
the narrow purple petals are striped and the filament are dark purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stigma

flower has petals that are pink with pink stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
this flower has bright violet, soft, rounded petal, along with violet stamen as well.
a light purple flower with ruffled petals and purple filament.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen
this bright pink flower has 2 layers of ruffled petals with some paler white stamen sticking out of the center.
this is a flower with purple colored petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has big pink petals that are slightly pointed, and green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big stigma
this flower has light purple petals as well as a purple stigma.

the flower has petals that are drooping and dark purple with purple anther.
the flower stmen are yellow in color with large anthers
the flower has dark purple petals that are closed in on the stamen.
this flower has a dark pink petals that are hanging, with a yellow stamen that is long
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has large and thick petals in mottled shades of dark purple.
this is a dark purple spotted flower that has downward pointing petals.
dark purple, downward pointed petals surround bright yellow anther.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple with white spots.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots

this flower has petals that are red with yellow centers
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
a cluster of flowers with yellow and pink petals and white anther filaments.
these tiny flowers are mostly pink with yellow color in the middle accompanied by individual pistils.
the petals are large and dense, with pink in color and yellow towards in the middle.
this flower has heart-shaped pink petals and a bright yellow star-shaped center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
these flowers have bright pink petals that turn orange towards the base and surround a black pistil.
this flower has pink and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has thick red petals with a yellow center leading to the pistil.

pink and red flower, with five pedals.
these pale pink flower petals have hot pink flaments with black anthers.
pink petals surround a stamen with pink filament and purple anthers.
these flowers possess pink petals and darker stamen at the center.
the flower has large pink petals with black anther and pink filament
this flower has petals that are pink and has red dots
this flower has a star shaped pattern of bright pink petals.
these flowers have bright pink petals with red spots on them.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a pink flower with five petals surrounding pink stamen with dark colored anthers filament.

this cone shaped flower is red with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
this flower is red and orange in color, with petals that are horn shaped.
the flower has long reddish pink petals and no visible pistil.
these blooms are long orange tubes which open at the end with reddish-orange petals.
this flower has long salmon colored blooms with a tropical look.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a bell shape
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
a flower with long and curly petals that are orange.
a cone shaped flower with orange petals on a green pedicel.

this orange petaled flower has black spots on it and is curved.
this unique curved flower has waxy orange petals with brown spots on them.
the flower has some pronounced psitils sticking out of the flower and some curved petals that are orange iwth spots.
this orange flower has black spots and it's petals curve downwards, the flower's filaments are long and reach out of the flower.
the flower shown has orange petals with black spots and orange anther
the petals are orange with brown spots and the stamen stick out fairly far with brown tips.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
the petals are curled, orange, and covered with dark red spots.
this flower has orange petals with black dots, long white to orange filaments and orange anthers.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots

the round yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, needle like and separately arranged
this flower has many multi-layered yellow petals all around its pedicel.
the flower has dense petals that are yellow, small and thin.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has several long, thin yellow petals in a rounded ball-like formation.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this yellow flower has pointed petals, orange stamen, and green sepals.
this bright yellow flower is a ball shape made up of a dense layer of small petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.

this flower has long red petals and long white stamen in the center of it
the petals of the flower are pink in color and the center is yellow in color.
this is an exotic looking flower with fiery red petals on it.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately around the stamen forming disc like shape
this flower has multiple rows of small oblong pink petals that form a ring.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this is a pink flower with overlapping oval-shaped petals and a thick pistil.
there is several layers of long narrow hot pink petals surrounding a wide pink stamen covered ovule.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.

the flowers have red petals as well as green pedicel
this flower has several smaller melon colored blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has a dark red petal and a red stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
the petals are bunched together, and are a light red color.
the flower is made of layers of petals that are bright red in color with green leaves.
this flower has small red petals and small red stamens.
red colored flower arranged in a cluster with alternate floral pattern
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together

this red flower has vibrant petals with black on their tips.
the flower presented has many red petals with green sepals
this flower has petals that are red with many layers
there are many deep red leaves crowned by large deep green sepals.
this flower has long pointy red leaves with slightly darker tips
this flower has petals that are red and has pointed tips
a large pedaled flower that is red in color and has green leaves attached.
this flower has layers of very long pointy tipped red petals that get smaller the closure they get to the pistil.
this flower has numerous layers of bright red petals that all long and pointed at their tips.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.

the flower has long purple petals with dark purple spots.
these bell shaped flowers have purple markings on inside petals.
this flower has long purple petals and with and purple dots on the inside of them
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is shaped like a wide purple bell and has slightly rounded edges leading into darker purple accents.
this flower has purple bell shaped petals that have darker purple spots on their insides.
this flower has petals that are pinnk and has purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are formed into a bell shape, with pink outer petals, and a white with maroon spotted ovule and center, and bright green leaves.
this flower has a wide rounded trumpet shape in shades of pale pink and white.

a flower flooded with yellow petals which are long and narrow.
this is a yellow flower with many small pointy petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has many layers of thin bright yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has long thin yellow petals that overlap each other.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has a rounded mound of yellow hairs and very thin yellow petals.
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals.

this flower has pink pointy petals and white pistil as its main features
this flower has overlapping petals that are pointed and pink, with dark pink tips, and a large cetner.
there are many petals on this bloom, they are pink, spaced and have pointed ends, the pistil is covered with white and green stamen which are parallel to the petals.
this flower has star shaped pink petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
a flower with a very large ovule surrounded by many red leaf like petals.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and the center is white in color.
the petals of the flower are in a circle formation, and have various shades of white and pink throughout.
this flower has thin pointed pink petals in a ring-like configuration.

this flower features a set of dense, bristly yellow petals and stamen.
this round yellow flower has an outer row of many thin petals that surround short stamens.
this yellow flower has many narrow petals and a wide center with large anther.
this flower is vibrant yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and in great quantity.
this flower features thin elongated petals emanating out of a prominent ovary containing small yellow puffball like stamens.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has very many tiny yellow petals arranged in a disk formation with thicker yellow pistils.
this flower has a wide thick fringe of hair-like yellow petals.
thin and pointy yellow petals stick outward from the tight formation of the pistel.
the petals on this flower are mostly stringy yellow, and yellow is the color of the stamen.

this flower has white wrinkling looking petals with a lot of small tiny yellow stamen.
the flowers have white petals with yellow middles and a yellow stigma.
this flower is very cool long white petals and a yellow middle full of pollen, i'm sure bees love this flower.
frilly white petals have numerous yellow anthers and a central yellow pistil.
this flower has one stigma and many stamen it also has less than 10 white petals with a very crumpled tissue appearance.
this flower has large white petals with a very wrinkled texture and a group of short yellow stamen.
this flower has a green center and yellow stamen surrounded by very ruffled white petals.
the white petals of this flower are very thin and thousands of little yellow anther are located in the center.
this flower has papery white petals and a ball of yellow stamen in the middle.
this flower has petals that are white and has a bushy yellow center

this flower has yellow pistil and smooth yellow petals as its main features
this flower is yellow with rounded petals which overlap slightly and have red marks.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange patches
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are orange near the center.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
the flower has yellow stamen and has yellow and orange round petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
this flower has yellow petals containing, orange, leaf shaped, spots at the base of the petal.
this yellow and orange flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by rounded yellow petals with orange markings.

this flower has many layers of long, narrow dark yellow petals.
the flower shown has layers of yellow petals, and a yellow center.
the petals are atop each other and they are yellow in color.
a flower with bright yellow petals and yellow pistils in the center.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has very bright and long yellow petals.
this flower has multiple layers of orange oblong petals with small notches in their tips arranged in a ring.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are white around the edges.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long pink petals with slightly tapered edges.
this coral colored flower has several layers of petals where the edges fade from coral to white.
the flower petals are oval shaped and are light pink in color
the petals are coral colored with white edges and the stamens are yellow.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a couple of layers of small pink oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are pnk and has yellow stamen
a broad flower with light pink petals in multiple layers that surrounding a large light green ovule.

a flower with light orange petals and no pistils visible.
this flower has soft pale orange petals that wrap around the center in an overlapping fashion.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
a belly shaped flower that has tones of orange and yellow
this is a fully double orange flower that curls up in the center and unfolds around the edge.
this flower has layers or rounded orange petals and yellow inner petals.
this flower has orange petals which are curled outward on the outside and curl inward on the inside.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has yellow petals that fold together in a swirl
the yellow petals of this flower curl into a tight central bud.

the flowers are yellow and the stamen are seen in the photo.
the flower shown has bright yellow petals, and yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
bright yellow graduating to golden delicate petals with matching golden thin stamen.
the yellow petals are triangular shaped and the stamen are golden yellow.
this flower is a canary yellow with 4 large petals and stamen in the center that look like a starburst.
this flower has four small bright yellow petals and a small grouping of yellow stamen.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this white flower has the simple row of crushed petals with the yellow pistil and the yellow stamens at the center
this flower has a wide yellows center surrounded by wide, very ruffled white petals.
this flower has long white petals and long yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has wavy petals, yellow stamen and a light yellow stigma.
the flower is unique because of its tissue like petals and pure white color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wrinkled.
this flower has white petals that almost look like crumpled paper, it has many yellow stamen in the center.

this flower has yellow and red pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are orange and ruffled at the end
the flower shown has small orange petals with green pistil
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and multiclored.
this flower has long slender petals that curl and twist upward and very long stamen that come out from the bottom.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled on the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has green edges
this orange flower has relatively long, curly petals which look like leaves, and are green towards the base.
this flower has orange petals as well as a green stamen.
this flower has long, very thin red petals with ruffled yellow edges.

the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow anther and filament
the flower has small cup shaped petals and tapered flat petals and yellow stamen.
the flower shown has thin white petals as its main feature.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by five rounded white petals and five pointed white petals.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamen on it
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has stamen that are yellow.
this flower has rounded inner white petals and pale purple, pointed outer petals.
this particular flower has petals that are white and purple
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen

this flower has large red petals and a group of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
flower with many dark pink petals and a yellow stamen
this flower has layers of multiple large bright pink leaves with a center stamen of yellow and brown.
this flower has layers of soft, wide red petals with slightly rounded edges.
this bright red flower has three rows of petals that spread straight out with a orang pollen ball and many short yellow stamen outlining it.
a flower with numerous long, narrow red petals, and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and narrow petals that are red.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are yellow in color with purple sepals
this flower has golden petals and a white stamen in the center
this flower has purple sepals surrounding several large, softly ruffled orange petals with rounded edges.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red lines
this flower has a dark orange receptacle and bright orange petals.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has wide and ruffle-edged petals in shades of orange.
the flower has bright orange pedals with red highlights and a burgundy pedicel.

this purple flower has petals of different sizes and a few yellow stamens.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
the flower has petals that are pale pink with green pedicel.
a purple flower with five large petals atop a brown and green pedicel.
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this petal has light purple petals and a very skinny off brown pedicel
a flower with shell shaped purple petals in a very tight knit.
this flower has large very light purple petals and small green toothed leaves.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
the petals of this flower are peach with a short stigma
this flower has a light pink petal and it curves upwards towards the middle
the flower shown has red petals with a green pedicel
the petals of the flower are light pink in color and have a green sepal.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
a flower with long and wide petals that are light pink.
this flower has large peach petals and a sage green pedicel.

this flower consists of myriad purple tamens; its petals are green and spiky and not as prominent.
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this dome shaped flower has a fringe of hairlike purple petals covering the top of it.
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
the flower has several hundred light blue filaments and no visible petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and bery stringy
this flower has large bunch of purple, needle-like petals.
the petals of the flower are a hair like texture, and are a vibrant turquoise color.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

the flower has bright yellow petals and the stamen are together forming a circle.
a large clustered orange stamen, surrounded by layers of yellow petals.
the ovary on the flower is a light pumpkin color orange with a hint of green.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
flower with many long yellow petals and light brown stamen.
this flower has yellow petals and has brown and green stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a brown pistil.
this flower has bright yellow petals with a dark brown, textured pistil.
this flower has many yellow petals with pointed tips arranged in a disk formation.
this flower has petals as well as yellow colored sepal.

the petals on this flower are orange fading to yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow tips and lines
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has an orange and red color scheme with yellow anthers.
the flower has petals that are yellow, pink, and orange with yellow stamen.
this yellow and orange flower has broad petals and yellow pistils.
these flowers are slightly cone shaped with orange and yellow petals
this flower has large orange petals whose smooth edges are a mottled orange.
the yellow outermost part of the flower has a rough edge and the middle has pillars that are yellow.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.

light blue petals yellow middle green leaves
this blue flower has the outer row of large petals and the inner row of small petals with the stamens holding the yellow anther at the tip
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
the petals are milky purple, while the stigma and stamen are green.
this flower has a row of five large lavender colored petals, then a row of five medium sized white petals, and yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has soft purple petals with yellow anther in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has yellow stamen and white rounded petals with pointed purple outer petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

this flower has petals that are green with purple stamen
this flower has petals that are white with blue and white center, purple stigma and green stamen.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
the flower is arranged in layers and the bottom layer is yellow in color with filaments that are multicolored.
the filaments have a white and purple color while the petals are green.
this flower is white, green, and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has soft yellow petals with blue stamen and yellow stigma in the center.
this flower has white petals with blue and white filaments, green stamen, and purple pistils.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen

the flower has a single petal which is white in color.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has five sides to its petals and has large dark green leaves.
this flower has a large funnel-shaped white petal with subtle ribbing and small points around the edge.
this flower has five rounded and smooth white petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower is white in color, with wrinkled and wavy petals.

these bright red flowers have pointed waxy petals that have yellow tips.
this flower is red with yellow on the tip on it many thin petals.
this flower has two layers of long oval petals, red with a yellow tip, surrounding a prominent ovary with a yellow center and red outer ring.
the flower shown has a multi colored petal with red and yellow both prominent
this flower has thin rhubarb red petals with yellow tips in clumps of three in a sunburst pattern
this red and yellow flower has pointed petals and red, yellow, and black stamen.
this red and yellow flower has a red, yellow and black ovule, green stem and dark green leaves with black stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has small oblong petals that are red and yellow in color and arranged in a single layer.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips

the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has large yellow petals and many yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are yellow with short stamen
the flower has yellow petals as its main feature with yellow stamen as well
this flower has yellow round petals with tiny yellow filament in the center.
this flower has rounded, overlapping petals of pale yellow with delicate veins.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a green center
this flower has an overlapping ring formation of rounded yellow petals with a wrinkled texture.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and black lines
the petal is white purple and yellow in color.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large smooth petals in light shades of white and purple, with vivid yellow accents.
this flower has purple and yellow petals as its main features
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has wide and very rounded petals in shades of white and lilac, with yellow at the mouth.
this flower has three smaller petals with dark pink and yellow stripes and one larger solid petal that is light pink in color.
a flower with a pink and white petals and yellow and brown anther and filament
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow lines

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has large purple petals and a lot of yellow stamen in the center
leaves are green in color,petals are purple in color with yellow anthers
flower has wide purple petals with a short green pollen tube surrounded by small yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has lavender petals with green stamen in the center embedded on green leaves.
the beautiful flower has petals that are purple and arranged separately around bunch of yellow stamen that are sticking out from the centre
a lavender flower with yellow filament and anther and the buds and leaves are green
this flower has purple petals and has yellow and green stamen
purple petals and a green stamen are the distinguishing features of this flower.

this flower has petals that are red with green edges
this flower has petals that are green toward the base of the petals and red at the tips as well as anther that point outward.
this flower has petals that are neon yellow at the bottom half and bright coral for the top half.
the petals of the flower have a combination of colors of yellow and orange
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are curled and multi colored.
this yellow and red flower has thin long yellow and green sepals.
this flower has long and thin yellow petals with ruffled red tips and edges.
this flower has petals that are green and has red tips
this flower has long and separated petals that bend upward while fading from yellow to pink.

the petals are purple in color and it has a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and very thin
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has numerous layers of thin purple petals which curl up into tubes and protrude in multiple directions.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very stringy
this flower has spiky purple petals generally pointed upward and arranged sparsely.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
long pointy purple petals that resemble closed patio umbrellas
the flower has long thin bright purple stamen and pistils.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven at the edges.
this flower has five purple petals with dark purple veins surrounding a pale colored pistil.
a group of five dark purple petals surround a group of three yellow stamen.
a purple star shaped flower with tiny white filament and anther.
this flower has petals that are purple with small stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower's purple petals with dark purple veins form a star shape with several small light purple stamen in it's center.
this particular flower has petals that are large and purple with a light purple center
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this flower has five purple petals that are open flat, with white anther in the center.

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has hundreds of tiny, paper thin, yellow petals that gradually turn goldish at the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has multiple layers of very thin rectangular petals that are bright yellow in color.
this flower has yellow shredded petals with orange stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and bunched together.
a tightly packed cluster of bristle like bright yellow petals in a star pattern with no visible stamen or pistil.
a tightly packed cluster of bristle like bright yellow petals in a star pattern with no visible stamen or pistil.

this flower has dark black pistil and bright pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with long style
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
a flower with singular pink petal and towering brown stigma
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple.
this flower has a dark thick stamen wrapped in a pointed pink petal.
a pistil and pink petals distinguish this flower.
this flower is pink and black in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has long style

the flower shown has white petals with green sepal and pedicel
this white flower has funnel shaped corolla wherein the petals are narrow at the base and fused together, and the rim of petals is fluted.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with ruffled edges
a small white petal flower with a light green sepal.
this flower is green at the base and white as it opens, it is funnel shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this lacy white delicate flower has a trumpet shape and with thick sepal leaves at its base.
the pistil is trumpet shaped and of bilateral symmetry, the petals are a pure white color.
this trumpet shaped flower has white petals that are not separated with green rough leaves.

the flower shown has small yellow petals with yellow pedicel
petals are overlapping,they are oval in shape and yellow in color
this flower has many thin yellow petals surrounding smaller yellow filaments.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and layered.
this flower has a lot yellow petals that looks like a sun
this flower has layers of thin yellow petals and yellow hairs.
the yellow flower is arranged in alternating rows of slender yet dense petals.
the small yellow flower if growing in a field of green grass.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
this flower has bright yellow petals that are long and thin radiating from the center.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with white/pink petals, yellow stamen, and green sepal.
the flower shown has small pointy white petals with yellow pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has thick yellow stamen and layers of upturned pale pink petals.
this flower has simple alternating rows of light pink and white petals, and an orange ovule with yellow anther filaments and stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower has several pointy, white petals surrounding gold colored stamen.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has a single large white petals with streaks of light green going in five directions.
this flower features large green veined petals surrounding small white stamens.
white trumpet like flower with connected petals, there are 4 distinct anther showing as well as the stigma.
it is a flower with white petals and a yellow anther.
this flower has large white petals in a trumpet formation with lightly colored stamen.
this flower has white petals and has green lines on them
this circular flower has one large delicate petal with five slim green stripes and four small, white and green stamen in the middle.
this flower appears flat and is mostly white with a yellow glow in the center.
this flower has five conjoined white petals, soft and smooth, with pale green veins.

this flower has a long pink petal, and a lot of yellow colored stamen in the center
the leaves are green in color,the petls are pink in color with a green large stigma
the petals on this flower are light pink surrounding pink stamen.
a flower with hlong thin individual pink petals, central pink and green stamen, and green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is pink and green in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has pink petals that are arranged in multiple rows and in a ray-like formation.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
this flower is made up of three equal rows of elongated pink petals.
this flower contains a plethora of pink petals as well as pink stamen.

this flower has long pink stamen coming out on top of it
this flower's bloom has many thin, purple petals clustered around the center.
the flower shown has purple stamen resting on top of a thorny petal
a prickly flower with a large bulbous green base and thin lavender petals in a cluster.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointy and sharp.
purple petals, long and thin and numerous, spring from a large, unusually shaped cluster of sepals.
a flower that has long and narrow pistils that are purple.
this flower has a jagged green stem and sepal with lots of very thin purple petals at its center.
this flower has a spiked green base and a fringe of hair like purple petals on top.
this purple flower has a cactus like look to it with a purple top and no petals.

a flower with layered individual purple petals and white star shaped stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
the flower shown has purple petals and star shaped stigma.
this flower has a large light purple petal and a small white anther
the purple flower's petals overlap each other around a center that looks like a star.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has small pink petals with a small white stigma.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
the soft pink flower has delicate petals that overlap each other, with a delicate yellow star in the center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very thin.

this flower has thin yellow petals that point at every direction.
this flower has tapered yellow petals with black stamen.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a black center.
the yellow flower has petals that are arranged in two layers around the stamen forming disc like shape
a yellow flower with black disc floret bud and green pedicel
put two of these bright yellow flowers together and it will seem like they are staring at you.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the flower has bright yellow thin petals and black stamen.
this flower has yellow petals in a ray-shape around a black center disk.

this flower has large rounded and ruffled white petals with a center yellow area of stamen.
this flower has large white petals with orange stamen in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is bright white and fluffy with a solid yellow pistil.
the white flower is so big with petals that are soft, smooth, fused in disc like manner with bunch of yellow stamen in the centre
this flower has white petals as well as yellow stamen.
this is a very large flower with white leaves with the yellow pollen tube and filament.
this flower has flat, white petals and a bunch of yellow stamen in the middle.
these white flowers have many stamens and a yellow pistil

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are oval.
this small white flower has waxy thick petals with yellow centers.
this flower has five large petals which are yellow at the base and white on the edges.
this flowers thick petals start out yellow and fade to white.
this flower has five large, rounded white petals with yellow center tints.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has smooth oblong petals with yellow and white coloring.
this yellow and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has large white petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

the flower has petals that are rounded in shape and are red in color with larger pistila nd stamen
the flower has a smooth red petal with red stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are red with a long style
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has large coral red petals with a long red pollen tube that sticks out past the petals, with dozens of tiny yellow stamen and a red stigma at the tip.
this flower is pinkin color, and has petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has small green sepals that hold a large bright pink blossom with overlapping petals.
the petals of this flower are a reddish pink color and the sepals are deep green.
the beautiful pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged forming funnel like shape and stamen are yellow in color

the flowers has a set of orange colored petals with red veins running through it.
flowers are laternatly arranged,petals are oval in shape and are orange in color
this is a small flower with orange round shaped petals.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
the flower has white pistil and petals that are orange in color.
this flower has small orange petals in an overlapping configuration with small white stamen.

these dark lavender blossoms have a unique drop shape, and a tangle of green filaments in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and short stamen
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this blue flower has the hat shaped petals which encloses the short stamens attached at the bottom end
these beautiful flowers has big blue petals wit green stems.
this flower has light blue petals with darker blue veins.
it has thin purple petals with darker purple veins arranged in a conical shape around a cluster of green and purple stamens.
the flower has very long purple petals and a very bright green pedicel
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and have veins.

this yellow flower has round, scalloped petals with several yellow stamen with small anthers.
the flower shown has large yellow petals along with yellow anther
a flower with yellowish green anther filaments, pistils, and petals.
this small yellow flower has thin curved petals and yellow stamen.
the petals of the flowers are yellow in color and have yellow anthers.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this flower has wide yellow petals which are smooth and slightly heart-shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
delicate yellow petals overlapping to surround a frilly yellow center.

this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the flower shown has small yellow petals as its dominant feature
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has many yellow petals in circular rows that start in a deep yellow and fade to an almost white yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
this flower has yellow petals and are folded together in a swirl
a flower that has long and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has very light yellow petals that curl outward from the center of the flower.
simple wide multilayered yellow petals that bud outwards from the center.
this flower has pale yellow petals that wrap around each other.

the flower has dense petals that are yellow and thin as well as long.
the petals of this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this is a flower with a large pistil and many yellow petals.
this flower has small yellow pistil and yellow petals as its main features
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
the beautiful flower is big and has yellow petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around brownish yellow bunch of stamens
multiple rows of long yellow pedals surrounding a orange stigma and green stamen.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and a light green pistil.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has red petals with yellow tips surrounding several red pistils.
a yellow and bright orange flower with narrow pointed petals and a dark orange stigma.
this is a flower with many red and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with golden tips and a large, red sphere with stamen.
the big flower has petals that are soft, smooth and yellow in color towards their tip but gradually getting red from the middle towards the center and also the flower has bunch of reddish stamens in the center
there is a starburst array of red and yellow long thin petals surrounding a deep red stamen covered ovule.
the petals of this flower are red and have red stripes on them and the pedicel is green
this flower has red petals with yellow tips, a red ovule, and light green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips

this flower has purple leaves with white and purple details, green sepal, and green pedicel.
purple tube flowers with black and white dots inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower shown has purple petals with white spots on them
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and purple in color, with bell shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red dots on them
multiple hanging purple bell shaped single pedal flowers with intricate spot designs inside.
this flower has a bunch of trumpet shaped blossoms with spots on the inside of the pink petals.

this flower has spiraling layers of smooth red petals with rounded edges.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has petals that are red with white shading
the flower shown has green sepal with bright pink petals
this particular flower has petals that are dark red and a green steam
this flower has petals that are red and is folded together
this off-red flower's petals grow upwards in a messy, disjointed swirl, with small pointy sepals growing straight down.
this flower has a number of large red petals with curled ends that are folded tightly on top of each other.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.

the flower has petals that are white, bell shaped and have white stamen.
the petals of the flower are white in color and are attached to a green branch.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this is a white flower with brown spots on the inside
the flower is white with petal that is soft, smooth and forming a bell like shape and brown spots in the inner region
this flower has white petals as well as a green sepal.
these are white, bell shaped flowers with brown spots on the inside of the petals.
this white and brown flower has rounded petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has black dots
the petals of this flower are bell like and white and the pedicel is green

this heart shaped flower has a large, single stigma in the center.
this flower has one waxy, leaf shaped petal with a solid thick stamen.
the flower is made of a single bloom that is red or white in color.
these blooms are waxy red and waxy white in color with long white pollen tubes protruding from them.
two flowers both waxy looking with heart shaped petals and a long white stamen with a yellow tip.
these flowers have a red and a white petal with white stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a textured thick stamen surrounded by a waxy and veined, pointed petal.
red and white and yellow
this flower has petals that are red and white and has big style
a flower with a large petal that wraps around the pollen tube.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stigma
this is a large orange flower with yellow stigma.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
the orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in single layer around stamens
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower is very large with round orange petals with a long stem in the middle.
this flower has a long orange pistil with large orange petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are red.
this flower has petals that are orange has has yellow style

the flower petals are needle shaped and are light pink in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled up and ruffled.
highly curled pink petals arranged around prominent stamen are themselves arranged in a radial pattern.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
these small pink flowers have thin gauzy petals and long curved stamen.
this is a pink flower with thin petals that flex downward with long, pink stamen.
a group of thin pink and pink with curled tip pedals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are stacked on top of each other.
this flower has flat red petals around a center of many short yellow stamen.
this flower has orange petals and dark yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this red flower with pointed petals has a bright yellow center made of stamen.
this flower has a yellow center and wide tapered red petals.
the flower has a burnt orange petals with many stamen around the gold pollen tube
this flower is orange with yellow diamond in the middle
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has bright orange oblong petals that have a wrinkled texture.

the flower shown has small peach and white petals with green pedicel
the flower has many peach petals that are dense and overlapped.
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are overlapping, peach and yellow.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and also arranged in many layers
this flower has dozens of orange petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has have pale orange petals with a oval shape and light green leaves.
this flower has orange and yellow petals and has many layers
this pale yellow and peach flower, hidden umonst the green leaves, has many petals.
this low flower has a dark white brown color petals with a off green color stems.

flower with white petals with a green tip and purple stamen.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are green at the tips.
the petals on this flower are white with pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigma
there are many white stamen with large anther, two overlapping green upper petals and white bottom petals
this flower has a ring of white petals with pointed green tips surrounding a thick clump of spiky stamen.
this white and green flower has pointed petals and pink, green, and white stamen.
the flower has white thin oval petals and purple and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stamen

the flower has a very smooth white petal with purple markings
this is a white flower with pink and yellow streaks in the center.
this flower has a large white petal with a light yellow stigma
this white flower has thick white petals with purple pistil.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple stamen
this flower has smooth and wide white petals with very soft tips and pale purple center.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.

a flower with a yellow center and very round orange petals.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
a flower with large rounded orange petals and a central area where long orange stamen reside.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow towards the inside
this flower has large orange petals and long yellow stamen in the center
a red flower with a green leaves and the stamen are yellow
this flower has round orange petals with a wrinkled texture and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
a flower that has reddish orange petals and green flowers.
this flower has orange petals and yellow stamen in the center.

the flower petals are spiky and needle shaped ,they are green in color
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
the thorny plant has thin pink filaments on its surface that are long in length.
this flower has a cactus like appearance on the bottom and has a large amount of small and thin purple petals on top.
this flower has petals that are pruple and very stringy
this flower has a spiked green orb topped with a thick pink fringe.
this flower has a dome configuration of very skinny spiky pink petals.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very skinny.

this flower has bright pointy blue petals and yellow pistil as its main features
a medium sized flower with a lot of blue petals and yellow and lavender pollen tube.
this flower is blue and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the layers of the flower are blue in color and have a center that is yellow.
the flower shown has layers of white petals and a yellow/orange center.
this flower has blue petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals of the flower are blue in color and are pointed with a bright yellow center.
this particular flower has petals that are blue and yellow
a blue flower with many orange and red petals at it's center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow stamen

the flower shown has light red petals, and yellow anthers.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has green pedicel and bright pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this red flower has two rows of petals with the stamens holding the red anthers at the middle
this flower has wide rounded pink petals with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that have small stripes.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
these light red flowers have rounded petals and yellow stigmas
the flower has two rows reddish pink petals with prominent stamen.

this is a flower with large sepals, and many white petals growing pinker in color as it approaches the center.
the stamen on this flower are yellow which are surrounded by purple petals
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink and with many layers
a group of two flowers with purple petals and yellowish white pistils.
this flower has layers of pink petals with pointed ends that are surrounding yellow stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has many layers
the flower has a several layers of upward pointing, magenta petals with an outer ring of larger white petals; the interior petals conceal an array of short yellow stamen.
this flower has multiple rows of elongated petals that start white on the bottom and get to a darker pink closure to the pistil.

the petals on this flower are purple with white tipped stamen.
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has purple petals which look like feathers and a spiky ovary.
this flower has a some shaped central protrusion surrounded by thin purple petals with very spiky tips.
this flower has very sharp and thorny petals as its main feature
this is a purple flower with pokey petals and a large, thick pistil.
this flower has feather like leaves, it is lavender in color.
this flower has spiny purple stems around a cylindrical purple center.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a big green style

this flower has petals that light pink with green pedicel.
the flower's pale purple petals are irregularly-shaped, with a fuzzy green pedicel and small leaves.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a green stem.
this flower has smooth lightly colored purple petals that are sparsely arranged.
this flower contains light purple petals that show a lack of symmetry.
a thick mossy green pedicel supports the round purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled and curly.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together

the flower with yellow petals and brown spots has long and thin stamen
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has orange petals that are speckled with black dots.
the flower shown has orange petals with dark spots and large orange pistil
the bright orange petals are highlighted by brown spots and the prominent stamen are topped with dark brown anthers.
this flower has thick and tall stamen and orange petals with dark spots.
the way the large flowers look, its a tiger octopus eating a smaller one.
this flower has layers of long thin curled petals in orange with dark red dots.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange with brown spots.

this flower has purple petals, yellow stigma, and yellowish filament and anther.
this flower has petals that are dark pink with yellow centers.
the flower has thin sparse purple petals that have jagged ends.
this flower has dark purple petals with the bottom petal turning yellow in the center.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and multi colored.
a flower with purple petals that have a small amoutn of yellow on them.
this flower has smooth purple petals and a yellow center with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has very distinct bright pink petals with a ruffled yellow mouth.

the flower petals are pink in color and the antegrs are yellow in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are large and rounded.
the flower has petals that are hot pink in color and anthers that are red with red filaments.
the flower has a large pink petal with yellow anther and a pink pollen tube
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
the flower has a pink petals with many stamen around the pollen tube
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and ruffled.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of rounded pink petals with a wrinkled texture.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are light purple colored.

this flower has yellow pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
the flower is small and delicate and the petals are yellow.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the single deep yellow flower is surrounded by green stems and leaves.
this yellow flower has four two-toned petals that surround a cluster of stamen that are also yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has 4 round petals that are orange closer to the ovule and yellow at the tips.
this flower has yellow petals with yellow stamen in the center embedded on a green vine.

this flower has white anthers with a few bright yellow petals.
this flower has thick yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red stigma
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stame
this is a yellow flower that has a red anther filament
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has small orange petals whose smooth edges are rounded.
this flower has small brightly colored yellow petals and short white stamen.

this flower has a right white central blossom surrounded by pale orange petals which are triangular and pointed, with leaflike veins.
a tan paper-like appearance with a white and red stigma.
outer petals are broader and are beige in color,inner petals are white and smaller
this flower has petals that are orange with flowery stigma
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has triangular shaped orangish yellow petals with a white floret coming from the pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a flowery stigma
the pointed petals are orange and the stigma are white.
this flower has large, bright orange sepals that surround the small white petals and blossom.
this flower is orange and white in color, and has petals that are very small.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has spiraling layers of soft pink petals with curled, rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this is a very beautiful pink rose that has opened petals and a the bud in the middle with dew drops on the petal leaves.
the flower shown has pink petals as well as green sepal
a light pink flower with multiple layers of pink petals that get closer together at the center.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are covered in water drops.
this pink and yellow flower has pointed petals and dark green sepals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has may layers

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches
a christmas tree looking purple flower with a green stem.
this flower has several smooth and slightly rounded petals in various shades of bright pink.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are pink and red with a long stigma
the petals of this flower are bright pink and orange and the sepals are bright green.
this flower has vertical blossoms along its stem which are pale pink and veined.
this flower has pink to orange with white highlighted petals on a green pedicel.
this pink and red flower has a pedicil and petals.
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.

this yellow and white flower has the most intriguing petals, shaped and curled into different designs; while the stamen appears to be fluffy.
this flower has a white petal that has a yellow spot, and a yellow style
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
these gauzy white flowers have small yellow buds and green leaves.
this flower has white petals with yellow towards its central interior.
the petals of the flower are a bright yellow color, with some petals being a bright white color.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
a group of white and yellow flowers with green leaves around it.
this flower has green receptacles, white petals, and an yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

the flower has larger anthers that hang over the pink colored petals
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are drooping down.
these downward-facing bulbous flowers have a layer of darker pink outer petals surrounding pale pink inner petals, with the yellow anthers peeping out at the very bottom.
these purple flowers seem to be hanging upside down.
the purple petals are drooping on this flower with yellow stamen
the flower has light pink petals that turn white closer to the center, it has yellow anthers.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are drooping down ward.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this light and dark pink flower hangs in a teardrop shape from a vine like stalk.
this flower has long white and pink petals.

the stamen on this flower is black with a flat red petal
this flower has two layers of large dark red petals and a center of dark black stamen.
this flower has bright red petals and black stamen in the middle
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are rounded.
this is a red flower with large petals and a cluster of purplish stamen at the center.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are rounded.
bright red flower with a couple petals and black center.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
the bright red petals are slightly wrinkled and encircle a cluster of small, brown stamen.
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is green

this flower has petals that are white with purple lines
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are drooping downward.
the petals on this flower are purple with white too
a white and purple flower with a green pedicel and purple style.
this flower droops down and has white petals with a large streak of purple going down the center.
this flower has large white petals with a streak of pink in the middle.
this white flower has a long, drooping stem and petals with purple striations running vertically down the center of each petal.
this flower has a drooping head and white petals with purple accents.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink dots

the flower petals are alternately shaped and bright red in color
this flower is bright red in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has a bright red petal and a yellow group of stamen in the center
the flowers has a very bright colored petals which is in red and the stamen in yellow.
the flower has petals that are red with yellow filaments.
this flower has bright red leaves and a bright yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly bright red, and bright yellow is the color of the stamen.
this bright red flower has pointed petals and yellow orange stamen.
there are several levels of pointed oval bright red petals surrounding a fuzzy yellow cluster of stamen.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the rounded pale yellow petals of this flower are rippled at the edges and feature red spikes of color near the clusters of yellow filaments in the center and the large yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wavy around the edges.
this specimen has yellow petals with orange highlighted centers,and a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow with red lines
this flower has large yellow petals that turn orange towards the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has five smooth and rounded petals with red markings and ruffles.
this flower has five yellow and orange petals in an overlapping wheel configuration.

the flower has purple anther on top of spiked green petals
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointy.
the flower petals are needle shaped and are green in color ,the stamen is puple in color
this flower has a hair-like appearance with its purplish fringe set against a ball of whitish green bristles.
the flower has a bulbous base with spiny green outgrowth all over, thin slender sepals, and purplish pink several filamentous petals.
this flower has many spiky sepals with a tightly arranged group of thin purple petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly green and purple in color and the inner stamen is the color green.
this flower has very sharp pointed white and green filaments.
the purple pistil of this flower is resting on top of the dull green receptacle.
this flower has green and spike with stringy purple stamen

this flower has long purple stamen with bluish anthers surrounded by petals of purple coloring with white and darker purple markings.
the stamens are pink in color and the anthers are larger and purple in color
this flower has a large purple petal with a dark purple stamen in the middle
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has petals that are pink with dark pink and white spots.
this flower has thin purple filaments with blue anthers surrounded by light petals with a darker purple stripe and toothed edges.
this pink and purple flower has toothed petals and purple stamen with blue anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white dots
this flower has wide, small purple petals with mottled coloring and serrated edges.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.

this flower has large thin pink petals with pink style and yellow stamen with a reddish pink stigma
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged overlapping around the centre
this flower has pink petals, a dark pink style, yellow stigma, and pink anthers.
flower with round pink petals and a long pink and yellow pistil
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has large pale pink petals around a long pink pistil with a bright pink stigma and yellow stamen.
this flower has a thick protruding stamen surrounded by wide pink petals.
this unique looking flower as pretty pink paddles with a yellow stigma in the middle
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style

this flower has several wide, rounded petals in shades of orange with red accents.
this petite flower has multiple blossoms of orange blushed with red, a tiny white center and rounded petals.
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flowers on the green stems are various shades of orange in color.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
a small orange flower with red speckles on it's petals.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals of bright yellow speckled and veined with orange.
the flower has orange petals with blotches of darker orange and tiny ovules.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading

the flower has white petals that turn orange and yellow as they reach the yellow stamen.
this flower has heart shaped white petals that are dark orange near the receptacle.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
the flower shown has several white petals with yellow.brown in the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow center
this flower has pure white petals, a greenish yellow ovule and orange and yellow flat center.
this flower has heart-shaped white petals and a central yellow star pattern.
this flower has petals that are white and has orange dots
a group of white flowers and has a tan center on the flower.
this bright white flower has heart-shaped petals with a burnt orange center and short stamen.

the flower shown has purple petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower has long pink petals and a lot of yellow anthers in the middle
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a center made of yellow anthers.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by large, rounded purple petals.
this flower has delicate smooth pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel of it is green
this flower has broad, purple petals and yellow stamen.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and multi colored.
gorgeous light pink flowers with soft pedals in a clusture.
this pale pink flower has petals which are rough along the edges.
this flower has five conjoined petals in shades of pale pink which ruffle at the edges.
the light pink petals on this flower are surrounding a very prominent pistil in the middle.
this flower has peach petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has large pink and white petals with long white stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
this flower has four pink to white flowers surrounding a brighter pink stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has large yellow petals and a large green stigma in the center
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has several bright yellow petals and green stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow with short stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a flower with short and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has small bright yellow petals whose edges are very rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
a group of golden flowers with gray stigma in center.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
a flower with purple petals and dark anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has multiple black stamen and soft blue petals, which are wide with rounded edges.
a brilliant purple petaled flower with multiple pistils with black stigmas.
this flower has a large purple colored petal and a dark purple stamen
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled edges
a velvet large shaped flower with a dark purple center.
this purple flower has rounded petals, black anthers, and a green pedicel.
these purple flowers have petals that are rounded on the edges and darker purple stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are covered in water drops.

this flower contains a prominent ovary containing yellow stamens surrounded by elongated white oval petals.
the flower had long skinny white petals with a yellow fuzzy middle.
composite flower with showy white petals and tiny yellow flowers emerging from thick green pedicel.
the pretty little flower is white with a yellow center.
that flower has a nice yellow middle and beautiful white petals.
this flower has a wide yellow center and long thin white petals.
a pistil and white petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color and the center is yellow.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

the yellow flower has yellow petals shooting out of the stem.
the flower has many little yellow petals with a green pedicel
a flower with small thin individual bright yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
the flower petals are floret and packed closer together and are yellow in color
this flower has many small yellow petals attached to green sepals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
the flower is surrounded by green grass and is made up of tiny bright yellow pedals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
a yellow flower with many layers of yellow petals that cover it's center.

the stamen are towering over the stigma which cannot be seen.
the flower is so and has disc of petals below the disc of stamens that are blue, white and violet
the petals of this flower are blue and white with a long stigma
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
there is a single layer of brilliant white long oval petals in a star configuration below a single layer of bright blue and white bristle like petals surrounding bright green stamen and a deep purple pistil.
this flower has white petals with a second row of purple and white striped needle-like petals on top.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green and purple pistil.
this flower has petals that are whgite and has purple stamen
this blue white and purple flower has pointed petals and lime green and purple stamen.

a flower with small purple petals and a green pedicel with interspersed purple stamen.
the flower has a lot of small purple colored petals with the middle in a lighter shade.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has multiple layers of short ruffled purple petals in various directions.
the flower has a long green pedicel and many small purple petals.
this flower is round with delicate purple leaves and tiny stamens protruding all around.
small, light purple petals with small white stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
this purple flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.

this flower has a trumpet shaped inner yellow blossom surrounded by several pointed petals in paler yellow.
the flower has light yellow colored outer petals with inner petals that are bright yellow in color
the petals of this flower are yellow and they close together in the middle
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has large yellow petals and no visible outer stamen
yellow wrinkles petals that are long and wide at the end of the petal.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
there is a dark yellow teacup inside of some lighter yellow pointy petals on this flower.
this pale and bright yellow flower has both pointed and toothed petals and a gray green pedicel.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
this orange and pink flower has ruffled petals and a green pedicel.
the flower shown has little pink petals with green sepal and pedicel
the flower's salmon colored petals have jagged edges and grown from a green stem.
this flower had petals that are pink and ruffled together
this flower has pink petals with jagged edges attached to a green sepal.
a pink flower with a green stem attached to it.
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together
this flower has a prominent green sepal and receptacle and a tightly bunched group of pink petals with jagged top edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals with streaks of white and long, green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white with purple inside
this flower has the outer white petals shaded with purple with the trumpet like purple petals inside
this flower has one layer of white separated petals with a light purple center with hidden stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has soft lavender spaced petals on a green pedicel.
a thin white star shaped flower with a purple pedal.
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center
this flower has light purple petals, one of which is a darker purple and has a distinctive pattern.

flower with pink and white circular petals on large green stems.
the petals of the flower are trimmed in pink and they curl along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with spots of yellow
this flower has petals that are dark pink on the edges, white in the center and yellow at the base.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
the flower has yellow and white pedals with purple edges surrounding a yellow stamen.
the ruffled petals are pink at the edges and white towards the stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink white and has pink edges
a white flower and purple border in the petals and the green pedicel
this flower has large wide white petals with yellow centers and ruffled pink edges.

this flower has a large amount of yellow petals that give the flower a ball shape.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the flower has petals that are yellow with no visible stamen.
the yellow petals on the flower gathers closely on the stamens
the tiny bright yellow petals form a sphere and the sepals are green and pointed.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are closely bunched together.
this flower has a globe-like shape made up of many yellow petals.

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has thin long pink stamen surrounded by long thin pink petals which curl backwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
flower petals are light purple in color and are needle shaped
this flower is pink in color, and has very long stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
the flower has long light purple stamen and long thin purple petals.
this flower has long white stamen and thin pink petlas with curved tips.

bright orange petals white flowered middle light green leaves
a flower with orange petals and a large stigma in the center.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are very small.
sepals are green in color,outer petals are orange in color
this flower has petals that are orange with flowery stigma
this flower is white and orange in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower has orange flower shaped leaves and white stigmas.
there are goldish orange pedals with white-tipped stamen with an orange base.
this flower has petals that are orange and has flowery stigma

the flower is red with petals that are soft and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl shape
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the petals are round and red and the stamens are black.
this is a flower with pink and red petals on it.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stigma
this flower has veined red petals which are wide and very rounded.
this flower has rounded bright pink petals in a five-pointed arrangement with tall stamen.
a flower with a long and wide petal that is red.
there are red and white pedals with stamen which are the same shade of red with brown tips.

the pedals of this flower are red and white with a short stigma
this strange looking flower has a lot of different color petals
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow lines
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
an elaborate flower with multiple shaped lines on it's soft white petals.
this white, yellow, and red flower has pointed petals and a red pedicel.
this particular flower has petals that are round and white with stripped red and yellow
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the petals are mostly dark red and oval shaped, with some white mixed in.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
the large pink petals have a dark red stigma.
this pink flower has five ruffled, fan shaped petals and red stamen protruding from it's center.
the flower has petals that are dark pink with yellow anthers.
the petals are star hpaed and pink in clor with larger yellow colore stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are dark near the base of the ovary.
the fuchsia petals are ruffled and the stamen is long with orange anther.
this bloom has five large petals stemming from a center that contains a pronounced pistil.
this flower has soft pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.

the bright golden petals are teardrop shaped, and encircle the many stamen in several layers.
this flower has orange petals and orange anthers in the center
flower has petals that are dark orange with an orange center.
this flower has petals that are orange with a shade of yello
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this bright yellow flower has many layers of narrow petals and one round flat yellow stigma in the center.
this flower has layers of orange petals with round smooth edges.
this flower has multi layers of golden petals and golden anthers.
this flower has a couple of layers that are small, oblong, and orange.

this white flower has one continuous petal, white filaments and pale yellow anthers.
the flower is white with petals that are soft, smooth and fused together and also the flower has stamen sticking out from the centre
large white flower with extremely large white petals and white stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
this flower has white petals and a yellow with pink pistil.
this flower has a large funnel shaped white petal with an uneven edge.
this flower has a large white petal with smooth edges and yellow stamen in the center of it
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
this white flower has pointed petals and white and pale orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style

this flower has petals that are white with layers and yellow stamen
the petals are yellow and pointy and there are yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by upturned layers of smooth white petals with pointed tips.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are various sizes that consist of a light yellow color, and stamens of yellow and orange.
this flower has white petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are a suttle white.

this flower has several large, wide petals of punk and yellow, which are slightly ruffled.
the flower has very soft and thing pink and yellow petals on it
this flower has petals that are pink yellow and overlapping.
the petals on this flower are folded and both pink and peach in color.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and multi colored.
the petals of the flower are curled along the edges and are pink and yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this flower has wide pale orange petals and ruffled salmon-pink edges.
this flower has multicolored petals that have wrinkled edges and orange and pink coloring.

this flower has five petals in purple patterns with very serrated edges.
the petals on this flower are purple with dark purple dots.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark purple blotches
a flower with light purple speckled petals and bluish purple pistils.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the brilliant purple petals of this flower are broad and spiked, and spotted with with a ring of darker purple and white.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that have spots on them.
this flower has ruffled purple petals with darker purple designs on them.
this flower has several ruffled purple petals with a circular mottled purple pattern in the middle.
this flower has pink petals with a purple circle around them

many stamens with larger anthers that are pink in color
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this lavender colored flower has a large and wide cluster of purple stamens above large leaf shaped lavender petals.
the violet colored flower features purple stamen and pointed leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
a very large flower with purple pedals and a small pedals in the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stamen
a flower that is surround by petals that are pointed and pink.
this flower has long pointy pink petals surrounding a large number of pink stamen.

this flower yellow is in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with short stamen
the bloom has petals that are yellow in color with yellow filaments in the center.
this flower has yellow petals and pistil as its main features
the flower is yellow with petals that are fine, smooth, and arranged around the stamen forming a bowl shape
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this bright yellow flower has yellow stamen and pistil with darker coloring toward the middle.
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright yellow.
this is an orange flower with four petals and yellow filaments.
this flower has four bright yellow round shaped petals on it.

the flower has lots of tiny yellow petals making up its main feature
the two twin flowers feature numerous yellow textured petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very ruffled
this flower has petals that are yellow and bunched together with no stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
these flowers have very small pedals!
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched together.
these are cluster of small bright yellow pedals making up one flower with a small center and tiny green leaves.
this flower has petals that are yelow and are ruffled together

this distinctive flower features a prominent ovary containing thin pink stamens surrounded by two layers of pink petals.
these pale pink flower petals have hot pink stamen inside of them.
the flower has pink petal and a lot of stamen that makes the flower beautiful
the pretty flower is pink and has a lot of buds at its center.
the flower shown has purple petals as well as purple anther and filament
this flower is completely pink it has pink sepal and pink stamens
this flower has light pink pointed petals in a slightly overlapping pattern.
this flower is light purple in color and has a very large stigma.
this flower has small pink petals and stamens that spread outwards.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stamen

this single white flower has small white petals and stamen,
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white pointed petals with a green stem
this flower has white petals and long white stamen and white anthers on it
this flower has four delicate white petals that are ovular and several stamen that extrude downward away from the petals.
this flower has white petals with long stamen in the middle
this flower has 4 white petals with a series of long white stigma.
this flower has four thin white petals which widen and then taper.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.
a large white flower with a very long stigma and a tan tip.

this flower has many small lavender colored petals and a large lavender stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are layered.
there are many stamen and larger white in color anthers
this flower has small purple petals and long purple stamen in the center
a lavender multi-petaled flower with lavender stamen.
this flower has layers of pale purple petals whose ruffles are small and deep.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
some light purple flowers with small cluster of pedals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

the flower has five pear shaped yellow petals with a yellow pistil.
the flower petals are rounded in shape and are yellow in color
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the five petals are bright yellow in color while the style is light green and the stigma is yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded and thin.
this flower has bright yellow petals and small yellow stamen.
this flower has small, shiny yellow petals which are smooth and rounded.
the bright yellow petals are slightly pointed at the ends and the stamens are the same bright yellow.

the petals on this flower are yellow with white fringes.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white edges
this flower has five white petals which fade to yellow near the center.
this flower contains sparse petals with a white outer layer and a yellow inner coat.
there are five, oval-shaped petals, yellow toward the center and white toward the tips.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges
this flower has five petals that are white with a yellow center in a star shape.
this flower has five oblong petals with smooth edges and yellow with white coloring.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the cetner.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is rose like with pink overlapping pedals ans a green receptacle.
this flower has mossy green sepal with pink petals as its main features
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and bunched together
this flower has pink petals that are bell curved upwards, and a fuzzy single green pedicel.
the flower has a pink petal and medium green stem with a fuzzy sepal.
this flower has green sepals with pink petals, many with curved edges, layered tightly on top of each other.
this flower has green sepals with pink petals, many with curved edges, layered tightly on top of each other.

the petals of the flower are red in color and with orange anthers in the center.
a flower with large red petals surrounding a cluster of haphazardly placed orange stamen.
the flower has petals that are red and overlapping with yellow filaments.
the flower has smooth red petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower is red in color, with petals that are multi layered.
this flower has red petals that has many yellow stamen
the flower has a fuzzy, long-haired looking center and orangish-red petals.
this flower has red overlapping petals and stamen creating a round yellow center.
this flower has layers of red petals and a bunch of pointy, yellow stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are wrinkled.

this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and curved.
the flower has long and curved petals, whit long purple filaments.
this pinkish-purple flower features long curved petals and even longer stamen, all of uniform color.
this flower has purple petals as well as purple anther and filament
the plant is made of slender petals that curl along the edges and have filaments and anthers that are also pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower is characterized by its light, curvy pink petals, and its pistil jetting out directly from the center.
this flower has long curly pink petals with loner pink pistil.
this flower has pink petals that curl away from the pistil with off white stamen.
this flower has long and very thin pale pink petals which curl backwards.

this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
a white and blue flower with a tall green stigma.
a flower with branching green sepals, blue and white petals, and large green stigma
the petals on this flower are purple with green stamen.
this flower has the blue petals with the stamens holding the green anthers at the middle and has the horny sepals at the bottom
this flower has light blue petals and long spiky sepals.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a green stamen
a flower that has a blue and white pedals and a green tall stigma.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wilted.
this flower has tall green stamen and multiple layers of light blue pointed petals.

the petals are pointed downward and are deep purple in color with lighter spots throughout.
this flower has petals that are purple with pink dots
the petals on this flower are purple with pink spots.
this flower is purple and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink spots
the flower has a purple petals with white dots, and the petals are arranged forming a cup.
the petals of this flower are pink and black and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has downward maroon and spotted petals that get darker towards the pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping downward.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are spotted and drooping downward.

this blue flower has pointed petals and green filaments and anther on top.
this flower has thin blue petals as its main feature.
this flower has light blue petals, purple filament, and greenish anther.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are curled down ward.
this flower features prominent green tipped stamen surrounded by layers of pale blue petals.
this particular flower has petals that are green and pointy, and other petals that are blue and short
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this blue flower lie almost flat, while the stamen and stigma shoot upwards.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen
this flower has light blue petals with purple upright stamen and green upright pistils.

this flower features thin yellow ribbon like petals emanating from the ovary
this rounded yellow flower has layers of hairlike very thin yellow petals which create a dome shape.
this is a flower with long and stringy yellow petals.
this yellow flower consists of many small, long petals arranged in a circle that radiates outward.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has a rounded cluster of thin fringe-like yellow petals.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, with very skinny and bunched petals.
this flower has yellow petals that are thin and stringy
this flower has a large amount of very thin bright yellow petals.

this flower has a pink heart-shaped petal and a long, thick central style.
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a single large pink petal and an elongated pink stigma surmounting a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink style
this heart-shaped flower has one petal only and a very long pestil.
this delicate pink flower consists of one pedal and a long middle pollinator.
the pedicel is long, skinny, and light green. the petal is heart shaped with a pink coloring.
this heart shaped leaf is a soft pink color on a green stem.
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has one pink petal and has a big style

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
there are many yellow petals and you can not see the sepal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is ruffled together
a cluster of ruffled yellow petals with dark green pointed leaves.
this bright yellow flower is round, with ruffled petals that are layered, and no visible center, pollen tube, or stigma.

this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the ends.
this lavender flower bud is surrounded by thorny sepals on a stout stem without leaves.
the petals are green in color, the stamens are many and are purple in color
this flower has a numerous amount of thin purple petals and is surrounded by denser green petals.
this flower has layers of pointed green sepals surrounding a wide fringe of hairlike purple petals.
the petals are light purple and are tiny and stringy and the pedicel is green.
this flower has spiky thick green leaves around a fringe of purple.
this flower is green and purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has hundreds of long purple squiggle needle petals.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen

the flower shown has yellow petals and several orange anthers.
bright yellow petals dark yellow middle and green leaves
this yellow flower has four petals and a stem of the same color.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
a golden flower with a long golden stigma in center.
the flower has bright yellow petals with yellow stamen and yellow anther fillament.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are big and yellow and the pedicel is very small and green

this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this is a cluster of flowers with yellowish white petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has petals that are white with many ruffles
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has white petals that are yellow toward the center.
this flower has white petals with wrinkled edges and a small yellow markings.
this flower has petals that are white and are bunched together
white and wavy petals overlap each other to cover the yellowing center of the flower.
these flowers have ripply white petals with a little bit of yellow coloring.
these flowers have layered clusters of soft white petals with wavy edges.

this flower has five large and wide petals in bright red with very round edges.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has five large red petals surrounding three yellow tamens in the center.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are red.
red colored flower pedals with yellowish stigma and pollen tube showing
this flower has five smooth red petals shaped like pumpkins and little yellow stamen in the center.
the petals are bright red with dark red stripes near the yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are curved backward.
this flower has yellow petals, a brownish stigma, and a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are yellow with black stamen
the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have a dark brown center.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
a golden yellow flower with a black stigma in the center.
the flower has black stamen surrounded by small yellow petals which sit on a long thin green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has dark yellow long petals that are arranged in a ring.

a flower with orange petals and no anther filaments or pistils visible.
this flower has a wide, textured center surrounded by several smaller orange blossoms.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have dark veins.
the flower shown has orange petals and a purple/green stigma.
the flower has an orange petal with white anther and purple pollen tubes
this flower has small orange petals with a red vein-like appearance.
this flower has purple receptacles and rounded orange petals with white stamen.
this flower has small orange blooms whose petals are rounded and delicately veined.
this flower has petals that are orange and has green stamen
this orange flower has a lot of fruit like stamen

this flower has long white petals and a group of long yellow stamen in the center
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by layers of tapered white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pointed white petals with a bright yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has many white petals with a hint of yellow and pink surrounded by green leaves and with bright yellow anther.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has pointy off-white petals in multiple layers which get tighter on the inside, with mustard yellow and brown stamen coming out the center.
this flower has a series of layered white pointed petals and a large number of yellow stamen.
this flower has white pointed petals, bright yellow stamen, and very large flat green leaves.

a yellow flower with oblong petals in two layers and a darker yellow center.
this flower has long yellow skinny petals with a dark brown pistil
the flower has several yellow petals and dark brown pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are long and oval shaped.
the flower petals are yellow in color the stamen is yelloow in color and the stigma is large and blacjk in color
this yellow flower has pointed petals, a green pedicel, and orange stamen.
this flower has thin oblong shaped yellow petals in a ring-shaped formation.
this flower has a rounded brown center and layers of long thin yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin
the flower has two double rows of yellow needle shaped flowers.

this flower has large yellow petals with streaks of red going through the center.
this faded yellow/orange flower is accented with bright red dots that extend into two stripes.
a yellow and red flower with rounded petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is white and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red spots
the flower has round petals that are yellow and red with yellow stamen.
these are yellow and orange nasturtium blossoms which are edible with a bit of a peppery taste.
they are bright yellow!

this flower has very large rounded white petals that are streaked with yellow.
a large pedaled flower with yellow highlights and a large center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
white and yellow petals with green and yellow middle white and green leaves
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has large white petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the pale flower has white edges with a bright orange center and bright orange veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has shades of yellow

this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that have a blue star shape.
the flower has white round petals with purple lines in the middle.
this flower has pale blue petals with a dark blue stripe.
the round white blossoms are trumpet shaped and are highlighted with blue streaks that run from the center of the trumpet to the edges of the blossoms.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow style
this flower has five conjoined white petals with accents of pale blue.
a flower with petals that are white with blue streaks.
this flower has a light blue single petal, with five darker blue streaks, and a just visible stigma.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white stamen

the yellow petals look like sticks with small yellow round stamen in the middle.
this flower has thin light yellow petals with a lot of yellow stamen in the middle
long, thin, stingy yellow petals surround bulbous yellow stamen at the center.
this flower has long narrow pointy yellow petals and a center of short yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
a yellow flower with string like pedals and a tan center.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has yellow and stringy petals that form a circle
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has a ray-like configuration of skinny bright yellow petals.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this is a yellow flower with many petals and stamen.
the flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
a large yellow with tiny pedals and a golden center stigma.
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has a rounded mass of thin and hair-like, fringed yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

the flower is upside down and its has prints inside.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with purple spots.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this is a pink flower with white on the inside of the petals and purple spots.
this pink and dark red flower has conical petals and a green pedicel.
a group of a purple bell shaped flower with a black dots.
this flower has a green pedicel with lavender petals that are polka dotted with dark purple dots.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.

this is a strange flower with multicolored petals and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stringy stamen
this flower has different shades of purple and a large green pistil.
the petals on this flower are purple with an elaborate pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the big flower has petals that are so soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape below the disc of purple stamens
this flower has large pink and white petals with a prominent green pistil.
this flower has tapered lavender petals surrounding a later of dark purple petals which surround the green stamen, pistil, and ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has stringy stamen
this flower has light purple and white petals with blue filaments.

this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this bright pink flower has an outer row of long pointed petals and also a pink pistil.
this flower has petals that are narrow, dark and pink.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the petals have tubular endings, and they are arranged in several layers.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
this flower has pink petals that are long and spiky in shape.
this flower has a rounded blossom of thin curled pink petals which protrude at all angles.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long and thin pink petals and light green pedicel.

this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
orange tiger lily with protruding stamen from the center of the pistol.
this flower has a long red petal with dark red dots on the outside
this red flower is spotted and has very large filament.
flower has petals that are dark orange with brown spots and orange filaments.
the flower has large purple anther as well as bright orange petals with purple spots on them.
this flower has long, curling orange petals with dark red spots.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
this flower has orange petals with many small dark spots and long orange stamen with dark anthers.

the flower has large petals that are bright pink and yellow stamen.
the petals are bright pink while the stamen is green and stigma is yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and green stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
petals are larger in size and broader,they are light pink in color
this flower has large pink leaves with veins and pointed tips.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are pink and has green stamen
these bright pink flowers' petals look just like its leaves, and come in a wide range of sizes.
this flower has a great many pink petals in a number of different layers and sizes.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flower shown has layers of red petals, and yellow anthers.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has short yellow stamen surrounded by layers of round red petals.
this flower has a small round center and layers of bright red petals.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the beautiful flower has red petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around yellow stamens forming disc like shape
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong petals.

this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has pointy orange petals pointing everywhere and yellow stamen.
flower with long narrow orange petals and a bright yellow stamen.
this large flower has many orange layered petals which are very thin and with many yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has layers of long orange petals with rounded tips.
this vibrant orange flower has multiple long thin petals that are triple layered.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright orange.
this flower has bright orange petals that are arranged close together in a couple of different layers.

flowers are alternately arranged,they are red in color with larger petals
red petals with yellow splotchy middle green leaves
the petals are red and fade fo fuschia and cover the stamen and pistil.
a red petaled flower with a yellow center that resembles a pair of lips with a tongue.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this is a pink flower that turns yellow toward the receptacle.
these tropical colors of pink, orange and yellow blend together perfectly to develop the mouth like shape of this flower.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading
this flower is red and orange in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has purple and orange petals as well as a green sepal.

this flower is red in color, and has petals that are small and large.
this small flower has overlapping red petals with rounded shapes.
red petals with a black stamen in the middle with large sepals.
the petals are bunched together and they are an orange-red color.
the flower shown has red petals and green sepal and pedicel
this flower has red petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has small and rounded petals in a shade of pale red.
this flower has petals that are red and has several layers
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
these flowers have overlapping thin red petals with black hue near the pollen tube.

pedicel is green in color,petals are white in cplor with yellow anthers
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
a flower with white petals accompanied by yellow anther filaments and pistils.
the flower shown has several white petals, and a green center.
white with yellow stamen
this flower has non-uniform off-white petals with a round greenish-yellow pistil in the center and small orange stamen surrounding it.
this flower has very white petals with yellow colored anthers and a green stigma.
white petals with many yellow stamen and a large light green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow stamen
this flower has pure white petals that curve out slightly at the top with a bright orange stamen.

the anthers are small with short stamen and are white.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have filaments that are white in color.
this flower has large purple petals and a few white stamen on the inside of it
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are ruffle and uneven on the edges,
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this vibrant purple flower has six slightly jagged edged petals that are thin towards the center and become rounded towards the ends, and surround a white anemone like center.
this flower has a wheel-like arrangement of bright purple petals surrounding a short white group of stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this dark purple flower has several large, ragged edged petals and a pale pistil with tendrils sticking out from its center.
this flower has large dark purple petals with large white stamens.

there are several orange and pink petals that are stacked on top of each other.
this flower has peach colored petals that are jagged at the edges and form in bunches.
this is a flower with orange ruffled petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is light orange in color, with petals that are bunched closely together.
the flower has petals that are pale peach and serrated.
the peach and white petals flourishes the dark pollen tube n the pedicel
this flower has a mounded ruffle of small pale peach colored petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together
a light pink flower with heart shaped flowers on it's stem
this flower has innumerable pink petals that give the flower an overall ruffled look.

the petals of this flower are purple and white with a short stigma
these flowers have petals that are dark purple near the receptacle and fade to light purple and white at the tips.
a pale purple flower, the shape is similar to that of a lion's mane, the inner organs of the flower get darker. the stigma appearing to be a blackish purple color.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with pink lines
a large group of white and purple flowers with deep center.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has yellow stamen and pollen tube surrounded by five large, rounded, veined orange petals.
this flower has a large yellow petal and a lot of yellow stamen in the center
the flower has petals that are orange with green anthers.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow steman
a large orange flower with big pedals with a large green stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is ruffled together
with yellow and green stamen, this flower has bright yellow petals with a few deep red veins.
this flower has five large, round pedals that are orange with small bits of red at the base of some of them.
this flower has bright orange petals and dark red veins.

a lazy looking flower with pink pedals, and a pineapple-like center.
a flower with pink petals and brown pistils and anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
the pink petals of the flower is bended and the stamen is not seen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has a single layer of pink oblong petals in a ring formation.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is long and green
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
the big flower has pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately around brown stamens in single layer

this small flower has overlapping petals in slightly varied shades of bright orange and dark yellow.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower is purple in color and no stamen or pistil is seen.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
the flower has medium orange petals with yellow small stamens
these flower have orange with yellow outer petals and yellow anthers.
this is a orange flower with six petals and a small yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this yellow and orange flower has rounded petals and white anthers.
the flower consist of yellow and orange heart shaped pedals surrounding a yellow stamen.

the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have leaves that are green.
this flower displays many small thing long petals with yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has yellow pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is short and green
a yellow flower with yellow filament, anther and stigma and the green pedicel
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has many yellow petals as well as yellow stamen.

the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the sepals appear purple in color with no pistil being seen.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are purple with pointy ends
a flower with thin purple leaves and a prickly cone shaped stigma.
this flower has a hive shaped green pistil with a ray-like configuration of toothed blue petals around it.
this flower has a thick green spiked center and spiky pale purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green style
this flower is green and light purple in color, and has petals that are spike like.
the flower has very pointy white petals with green stamen in the center.

leaves are green in color,petals are rounded in shape and are red in color
red flower with multiple petals.
the flower shown has dark purple pistil with small rose colored petals
this small flower has smooth and rounded petals in a bright red hue.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
the small red petals surround red stamens and the pedicel is green.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has bright pink petals that are small and smooth.

the flower shown has purple petals with spots of dark brown on them
these unique flowers feature a light pink disposition and polka dots within its center.
this flower is pink and dark red in color with a a green pedicel.
long, tube shaped petal configuration like a vase, with purple petals and dark purple accents.
this upside down bell shaped flower has pink petals with dark red spots inside.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are light purple.
these petals are dark pink on the outside and have red spots on the inside
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are horn shaped and spotted.
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple and curl outward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has several overlapping layers of wide red petals with tapered tips.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
stamens are yellow in color,petals are red in color
the petals are large and red and there are small yellow stamen.
this flower has overlapping bright red petals, yellow stamens, and dark green pointed leaves.
this flower has layers of bright red petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower has several rows of red petals with yellow stamen and a dark reddish-brown pistil.
the flower with red petals has a rich maroon stem and golden anther and filaments,
this flower has many think, red petals that taper to a rounded corner.

flower has many petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
the flowers have long green pedicels that are thin and yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin and stringy
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals.
this flower has a narrow green pedicel and multiple rows of yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
the petals of the flower are long and narrow, and are a vibrant yellow color.
lots of yellow petals some long some short and green stem.

the petals of the flower are yellow and have curled edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this bright yellow flower has tiny petals surrounding its stigma.
a puffy flower with many small yellow petals layered on top of each other.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
a puffy flower with many curled yellow flower petals covering it's entire surface.
this flower has a large number of very small yellow petals with a wrinkled texture that are bunched together in a globe arrangement.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together

this petty flower has large petals that fade from light pink to dark pink.
the flower shown has pink and white petals with yellow anther and white filament
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow stigma
this flower has a very prominent white pollen tube surrounded by five large, rounded petals in shades of pink.
the petals are a bright pink color with a hint of white on them.
this flower has a tall pistil situated in a dark red ovary and surrounded by five pink petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has five large rounded pink petals with ruffled edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow pistil.

the flower is so big and beautiful and has petals that are pink, soft, smooth and surrounding yellow disc of stamens
the petals of this flower are red and white with a long stigma
the flower has a thick pistil that is green colored and has pink petals.
this flower is pink, white and green in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has big style
a flower wtih long and wide petals that are pointed.
this flower has a green pollen tube , white stamen and orange anther filaments and pink and white petals.
this flower has a prominent thick yellow pistil surrounded by thin yellow stamen and white and pink petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with white dots
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has circular purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has many pink tube-shaped petals that have white and dark pink spotting on the inside.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this is a pink bell-shaped flower that flexes downwards and has white and pink spots on the inside of the petal.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this pale lavender flower has a bell shape with round edges and a patter of dark purple spots framed in white.
these flowers are pink with a cone shape with white and pink dots in the center.

this flower has a large white pistil and many white and pink petals.
this flower has petals that are green with red tips and white stamen
a flower with a very large inner stamen, and little dull pink pedals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
the tips of the petals are pink in color and have green leaves.
this flower has petals that are green with red tips and has white stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed at the tips.
a flowerw ith hard petals that are green with pink tips.
this particular flower has petals that are small and pink and white
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are green and red.

the beautiful flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in singley disc of layer around disc of yellow stamens
pedicel is green in color,petals are red in color and the anthers are yellow incolor
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has oblong orange petals with a ribbed texture.
this flower has long red petals surrounding the bright yellow stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower has long blue petals and no visible outer stigma on it
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
pedicel is green in color,flower is blue in color and capsule in shape
this flower has petals that are blue and bell shapd
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the petal on this flower has a tubular shape and is blue in color.
this flower has a wide-mouthed trumpet shape with a deep blue coloring.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a bell shape
this flower has a long trumpet shaped petal that has both dark and bright blue coloring.

this flower has shiny purple petals with red anthers and thin purple filaments.
a flower with purple petals and no visible pistils shown.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and curled at the edges.
the flower has rounded petals that are pink in color with green colored leaves
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple shading
this flower has large floppy purple petals with a dark purple center.
the flower has a bright purple petal with patches of red markings on it as well.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have drops of water on them.
this flower has five large and very smooth petals in gradating shades of pink.

this strange plant features a set of frost-tipped looking purple petals.
the ovary looks pine-coned shaped and is greyish and the petals are skinny and spiky and lilac colored.
the flower shown has white pointy petals and a white pollen tube
the flower has long and thin petals, and black anther with polen.
i thin flower with thin purple petals and a long purple gray stamen.
this flower has thin jagged petals that are white and blue in color with a very thick pistil.
this flower has a spiky green column from which protrude long and thin, spiky purple petals.
this flower has hairy like petals with a black cone stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pointy ends
the flower petals are shaped like spider legs and are a off white color.

this flower has purple petals that look serrated at the edges and also has purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
the flower has a purple petal with white spots and blue anther
this flower has large purp,e petals and long purple stamen with purple anthers on it
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are darker in some spots.
a flat purple with dark spots and a long stigma with a blue tips.
this flower has purple petals as well as a blue stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a dark ring
this flower has purple petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has dull purple petals with white in the center and a wrinkled texture.
this flower has large white petals with purple outlines and that are wrinkled on the edges.
the petals of the flower are ruffled along the edges and are pink in color.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has white petals with purple boarders on the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white patch
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and lighter near the center.
a flower with a wide and long petals that is white with purple edging.
this flower has sepals and petals with white at their center and an irregular purple border.
this flower has large irregular shaped petals that are purple with white on the top sides.

this flower is bright yellow with many yellow stamen.
this flower has large rounded yellow petals with a yellow stamen in the center.
this bright yellow flower has five large round petals and many yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are golden yellow and the pedicel is green
a five petaled flower with it's yellow petals in a bowl shape.
this flower has a small green sepal and bright yellow rounded petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a satellite shape
this bright yellow flower has rounded petals, a green pedicel and bright yellow stamen.

this flower has petals that are pnk with patches of yellpw
the petals of the flower are arranged in layers and are pink and orange in color.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pale peach with yellow centers.
the flower shown has small peach and white petals with green sepal which are its dominant features
this flower has a mound of tapered peach colored petals with yellow center accents.
the petals of this flower are peach and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has layers of petals on top of each other and they are light peach or pink in color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower has orange wedge shaped petals with yellow near the pollen tube.

flower with dark and light pink petals on a maroon stem
this flower has yellow stamen and large red petals in two layers.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has red petals with yellow inside the middle
a flower with long reddish brown pedicel, long floppy red petals and yellow stamen at it's center.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and slightly wilted.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a purple pedicel.
this flower has a double row of long red petals that surround the yellow stamen.
this flower has long red petals that surround a cluster of bright yellow stamen, also a prominent sepal.

this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by long yellow petals with central red stripes.
a flower with red and yellow petals and yellow anther filaments in the center.
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a radiant bright yellow flower with a hint of red pin strips on each peddle.
the petals of this flower are yellow and orange with a long stigma
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a single row of yellow and red petals in a ring configuration.
this flower is surrounded by many long, yellow petals with rounded tips and red stripes in the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
this yellow flower has red in the middle of each petal and the stamen are yellow

long yellow petals with pointed ends around a yellow center with small cropped stamen.
the flower has multiple yellow petals and leaves that are green in color.
this flower has a couple layers of numerous amounts of pale yellow petals.
a yellow flower with many small pointed petals surrounding a brown stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
a dull yellow flower that has a brown center and a darker center.
the flower has many thin oval petals that are pale yellow color.
this flower has a round center and layers of long, rounded yellow petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pale yellow.

the long beige colored petals have brown spots and stamens.
the flower has petals that are orange with brown spots and orange stamen.
the flower has orange colored set of petals with a lot of dark brown dots all over.
a flower with orange petals with black spots and large prominent stigma and anthers.
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
large yellow filaments extend radially from center with yellow brown anthers with back peeling yellow pedals with black spots.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange with brown spots.
this flower has six orange petals spotted with black dots and an orange stamen.
this flower has six orange elonggated petals with purple spots and long orange stamen.

the multiple blooms of this bloom are yellow and are upon a multi-leaf pedicel.
this flower has oddly shaped petals that occur in a faint yellow color.
this flower has petals that are yellow with ruffled edges
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are pale yellow with green pedicel.
these delicate, rounded yellow petals conceal the pistil and stamens of the plant.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are yellow.
this flower has small and very ruffled petals in hues of pale yellow.
this flower has a yellow almost bell liked shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together

this flower has a tight grouping of twisted fuchsia petals with a light brown pedicel.
the flower has purple petals smooth with a brown pedicel
the pretty flower has a lot of long thin purple petals.
the flower has petals that point upward and are bright fuchsia in color and are on a brown stalk.
this flower has many bright pink petals standing upwards
this flower is made up of elongate pink petals that surround the pistil and stamen.
a group of flowers that are bright purple in color.
this flower has smooth purple petals arranged tightly together in an upright position.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are purple and are fodled upwards

this flower has bright yellow petals with red designs in the middle that resemble rorschach tests.
a yellow and orange flower with rounded ruffled petals and yellow filament.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this is a flower with yellow round petals with red in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange spots
the orange petals of the flower are slightly fanned out, and have dark red spots near the base.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red patches
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are spotted orange near the ovary.
this flower has round petals that are yellow with orange splashes on each.
this yellow flower has round petals with red spots with yellow stamen.

the flower has red petals that are tiny and very dense with the leaves that are green along with the pedicel.
the flower is red in color and the sepals are green.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are red with tiny leaves
the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves.
this flower has vertical layers of thin and ruffled red petals.
the tiny red petals are clustered in a cone shape and the sepals are green and pointed.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has many small bright red petals that extend on a stem vertical and large amounts of green leaves at the bottom.

a flower with thick long orange stigma and one large petal surrounded by white petals in the center.
this flower has a gold petal and a long orange stigma in the middle
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are shaped like a star.
the yellow flower has soft looking petals with pink .
this flower has thin papery petals that surround both male and female parts.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a flowery stigma
this flower has triangular shaped petals of bright yellow with long orange stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has very large yellow sepals with very tiny white petals in a wheel-like configuration.

this flower has petals that are purple with short stigmas
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
the flower has a purple petal with a large green pollen tube
the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has large purple petals and a bright yellow stigma
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are dark purple and curled outwards.
this flower has five purple petals that surround the yellow pistil.
this flower has bright purple petals in a wheel-like shape and bright yellow stamen.

the flower shown has purple stamen sticking up over white petals
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
the flower has a lot of strange looking petals that looks like pins stuck in a ball.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the flower has dense petals that are cream colored and sharp.
this flower has white petals with purple hairy stamen in the center of it.
this flower has thick green sepals with dark pink edges curled around a dome-like configuration of spiky light purple petals.
this flower has white spiked leaves surrounding a top of purple fringe like hair.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and is very stringy

this is a strange flower with long orange and blue petals.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
sepals are green ,outer petals are purple,inner petals are yellow in color
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are pointed and skinny.
this flower has petals that are orange and very thin
this flower has bright orange petals that stand upright with pointed tips.
this flower has a strong bird head like pedicel and the flower leaves shoot up with spike -like colorful leaves.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
this flower has shiny orange long petals with pointed edges.
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are pointy and shiny.

the flower has blooms that are made of pink petals with green leaves.
large open flower with multi-layered purple and white petals surrounding star shaped stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are dark pink with many pale pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with hints of green
this flower is pin and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and pointed at the tips.
this flower has a ring of short pink pointed petals and tall pink stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stamen
a large round flower with many smaller star shaped flower embedded within itself.
these flowers have multiple medium petals with shorter lighter purple buds surrounding the center.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by a fringe of long hairlike yellow petals which are very thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
these flowers have shaggy shaped yellow leaves with yellow stamen in the center.
this flower has stringy yellow petals that form a circle together
these yellow flowers have hundreds of very thin yellow petal radiating around many yellow stamen.
this is a yellow flower with many petals and a dense center.
this is a yellow flower with many petals and a dense center.

these flowers have a rich violet color, and the bottom two petals have a yellow color with the purple tips.
pedicel is green in color,petals are purple in color with some yellow parts
this flower has petals that are purple wiht patches of yellow
the colors of this flower are purple and yellow, and it is bilaterally symmetrical, not radially symmetrical.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has bright multicolored petals that are purple and yellow.
this flower has petals with an assortment of colors ranging from purple to yellow.
this flower has dark purple petals, with one that has a yellow section and a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has black lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple and yellow.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and the center is yellow.
a pink flower with lots of pointed layered petals and tiny yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this pink flower has pointed petals edged in white surrounding a circle of clustered orange and yellowish anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has many small pink layered petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
the petals are pink with a white stigma in the middle, and pink stamen all around.
a red flower with yellow disc floret bud and the leaves are big and green

the petals of the flower are white and ruffled along the edges and have a yellow center.
this flower has fluffy white petals with yellow styles and a bright green ovary
this flower has long white petals and a center with yellow stamen, anthers, and a yellow stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled
this flower has white petals with jagged edges, growing around a large yellow pistil.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a flower with a giant yellow ovule that is surrounded by yellow stamen and white petals.
this flower has large white petals with a wrinkled texture in an overlapping ring formation.

the flower shown has a thin white petal with a green pedicel
a flower with on large tubular white striped petal and haired sepals.
the flowe petals are rounded in shape and is green white in color
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have small veins.
white trumpet shaped petals with light green vertical lines on each petal and a green sepal.
this white flower has ruffled petals extending from its deep center.
this flower has a white trumpet shaped petal with faint green lines showing in the creases.
the petals on this flower are mostly soft white in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this flower has what looks to be one large petal that completely surrounds the pollen tube, it is all white with stripes of green coming from the receptacle.
this flower has white petals with green lines in the middle

the pedicel carries a single flower and the petals are red in color.
this is a flower that has round orange petals and a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow staen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals on this flower are orange with yellow.
this flower has bright orange petals and a yellow pistil.
the flower has five large orange petals that turn yellow toward the center.
this flower has five large and round red petals which are ruffled.
there are orange pedals with a yellow base, as well as orange stamen.
this is a bright flower with five orange petals and yellow in the center.

this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are bunched together.
a flower with clustered red and pink flowers which has a central cluster of dark red stamen.
this flower has red petals and red stamen that are visible in the center of them
the stem of this flower is crowned with a cluster of red blossoms. each blossom has three or four delicate, round petals.
the petals of the flower are red in color and occur in bunches on the flower.
this flower has clusters of small pale waxy red blossoms of rounded petals.
this flower has small, bright red petals that are surrounded by deep green leaves.
this flower has many circular red petals that form a ball.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has very wrinkled and clumped together bright red petals, the center where the stamen are look very dark.

the flower has purple petals surround the yellow anther in the center
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with short yellow stamen
this flower has long skinny purple petals and a center with yellow anthers on it
this flower has several purple, open and flat petals that expand out from a center of yellow anthers and purple stamens.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has pink petals that have darker pink stripes on each petal that run radially.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stigma
a purple flower with many purple petals surrounding yellow and purple anthers filament.
bright pink with white highlighted long oval shaped pedals surrounding yellow stamen.

the flowers have buttercup-like petals that are light pink.
the flowers on this plant are light pink and are remniscent of tubular bells.
the flower has petals that are pale pink and shaped like a bell.
a light pink elongated petal with scalloped edges that turn out into five rounded points.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
these pink flowers have long attached petals that spread out slightly at the edges
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has a wide pink trumpet shape and rounded curling petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and bell shaped
a pink bell shaped flower with green stems attached to it.

this round flower has a fringe of hairlike yellow petals which are short and very thin.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
this bright yellow flower has long skinny petals and yellow stamen.
a flower with light yellow petals and yellow pistils in the center.
a large yellow flower that has a large orange center and tiny pedals.
this yellow flower has pointed petals and yellow stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a large number of very thin petals.
this flower has tiny yellow petals and tiny yellow stamens.

the flower shown has yellow pistil with a purple pedicel
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this is a red and yellow flower with small and pointy petals.
the tropical flower has green leaves and blooms that are yellow and red.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has yellow stamen, red petals and a brown broad stem.
this flower has very small deep pink petals in a cylinder type of shape and extremely large green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
the tiny, yellow flowers are clustered on a dark maroon pedicel.

this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
petals are overlaping,flower is light purple incolor
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has an irregular ring of small light purple petals surrounding a dome-like configuration at its center.
this flower has a pink mound of small and very ruffled petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped and closely bunched together.
this flower is completely lavender with bright white anthem.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together

this flower has a bright pink petal with white pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow center
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has a round bell shape comprised of conjoined pink petals whose darker pink pattern creates the impression of a star shape.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that arepink and has a white center
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are white near the center.
singular pink pedal forming a trumpet shape with star shape with white stamen and anthers within.
this flower has a round shape of pale pin and star-shaped fuchsia center accents.
a flower with bright pink broad petals and a yellow stamen.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals on this flower are triangle shaped and bright yellow in color
this flower has petals that are yellow with red style
this yellow flower has a few veiny petals and three thick brown filaments.
the flower shown has flat yellow petals with red pistil
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are leaf like and thick.
this flower is yellow with petals that are spade shaped and stemen that are a light pink.
this flower has thin pale yellow petals and pink stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen
this flower has very pale yellow leaves which are pointed and veined.

the numerous small purple and white petals surround many individual stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and wavy.
this blue flower has small round petals around a cluster of prominent stamen.
the flower has small purple petals along with white anther and purple filament
this flower has bright purple petals and lots of anthers
the white stamens are prominent above the round paper-like petals and thick green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has many thin purple petals, it also has many purple stamen scattered around the top of the flower.
this is a purple/lavender wild flower with pedals the droop down and multiple stamen sticking up in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stamen

this flower has large, round orange petals and delicate orange stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrinkly.
the petals are large and wrinkly and they are yellow-orange in color.
this yellow flower has a yellow pistil and broad green leaves.
a large flower with yellow wilted petals
this is an orange flower with prominent orange filaments and anthers.
this flower has large yellow and orange petals with small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
a flower with long and wide petals that are bright orange.
the petals on this flower have soft, round edges and are colored in various shades of yellow and orange.

this flower has long purple petals and long white stamen in the center
this blossom has several large purple sepals, the petals are white and very barrow, there is a large dark purple ovary in the center.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that arr pink with white stamen
this flower has large purple petals under a round fringe of thick white quills.
the flower has many pink petals beneath a layer of spiny white petals that turn deep purple toward the center.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower has elongated pink petals under a row of long needle like long petals.

the flower shown has white and purple spots on its smooth petals
an odd shaped bloom with deep burgundy an light pink flower.
this flower has mottled red and white petals, and green sepal.
this odd looking flower has petals that are white with red splatting thru with petal.
lavender flowers of convoluted design and mottled purple patterns with no visible sex organs.
the flower has wavy petals that are red and white in color.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has black shading
this flower has multicolored petals that are white with red and wavy in texture.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has a row of six petals with the long stamens at the middle
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
light purple and white petals light purple and white middle light green leaves
this trumple-shaped flower is purple and it has long purple stamens.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has long very thin pink petals which curl backwards.
flowers have long pedicels with prominent ovaries and long narrow lavender petals arranged in a trumpet shape.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

the petals are star shaped and they have white spots on it.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has layers of red and white petals, and a green center.
this flower has petals that are red and yellow with green stamen
the petals are large and red with some white petals and there are small stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and red and has yellow stamen
this flower has leaf-like shaped petals with vein striations in shades of red and pale green.
this flower has short yellow stamen surrounded by variegated pink, white, and red petals in varied sizes.
a flower with red and white petals and yellow pistils.
the pointed petals range from deep red to yellow and pink and the stamen are tiny and green.

ther are longer stamens with lager green anthers
dark orange petals with yellow and green middle dark green leaves
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
the petals are a bright orange and yellow, while the pedicel is a bright green.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow edges
this flower has several frilly edged petals that are orange with yellow edges.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with wavy and curled petals.
this flower has thin green and red petals that point upwards
a flower with long and narrow petals that are wavy.
this flower has curly petals that are long and thinly shaped and varying shades of orange and yellow.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has many thin yellow stamen surrounded by both rounded and pointed yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with layers and yellow stamen
the flower has petals that overlap each other and are green
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow and layered petals with big stamen
this flower has layers of shiny smooth yellow petals with pointed tips.
the flower has a greenish yellow stamen and pistil with greenish yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with wavy and oval shaped petals.

the edges of the flower are white while the inside is purple and the leaves are green.
white petals with purple filling the central portions surround a long filamentous white filament and a curled anther.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink near the centers.
this is a flower with petals that are pink toward the center and white on the edges.
this flower has petals that are dark purple with white edges and lavender stamen.
this flower has purple petals that has white edges and green stamen
the edges of the flower are white in color and the inside of the flower is purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, with multi colored petals.
the flower has several white petals with a rough purple stripe across its center, it also has thin white filaments.
this flower has pink petals that begin to turn white around the edges.

this flower is pretty it has long orange petals with yellow in the middle
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower shown has red and orange petals with little yellow pistil
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has orange layered petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals with bright orange on the outer edges and a deeper orange color towards the middle.
this flower has large orange petals and a bright yellow round pistil.
this flower has a bright yellow center with thin orange tube-shaped petals.

this flower has petals that are blue with yellow center
the flower shown has white petals, and a white anther.
this flower displays one petal in a circle blue shape and yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are blue with a yellow center.
the flower has a single blue petal on a single pedicel.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has a horn shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
a pentagon shaped flower with connected indigo petals and short yellow stamen at it's center.
this vine like flower has light blue pentagon petal with a white center.
this flower has a connected blue petals with white and yellow highlights near the stamen.

the flower has several small heads of petals, which are small, round, and red.
the flower has red petals with green sepal and green anther
a peachy red flower it has a lot of petals bunched up again teach other.
these red flower petals have red stamen inside of them.
this is a red flower with multiple petals in different directions.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the flower has melon petals and peach pollen tube with little stamens
this flower has a number of blossoms close together and they all have smooth pink petals in a wheel-shape.
a small group of red flowers with large stigma centers.
this flower has clusters of tiny red blossoms whose petals are smooth and round.

this flower has petals that are pale yellow and pointed with yellow stamen.
this flower is pale yellow and has upturned petals which are slightly pointed.
a flower with yellow petals and dark yellow anther filaments and pistils.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this yellow looking lily pad flower looks like a lemon or mango desert from a fancy restaurant.
this flower has pointed light yellow petals and a pointy dark yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has multiple layers
this flower is light yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this multi-layered, pale yellow flower bears a series of pointed petals cupping many thick yellow stamens.
this flower has a deep yellow center and pale yellow upturned layers of petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are thin and rounded.
this flower has petals that are purple with many layers
the petals of this flower are lavender with a short stigma
this flower has bright purple petals that have points on their ends and wrap around the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color .
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very thin.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and folded together

flowers are alternately arranged,they are light purple in color
this flower has small white petals and long white stamen in the middle
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with long stamen
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen
this flower has thin dark pink receptacles with small white petals and thin white stamen.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are thin and oval shaped.
several four-petaled white blossoms with long stamen are clustered on a long pedicel.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a long stem that is woody in nature.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple stamen

the flower with petals that are soft, smooth, separate and arranged in two different layers around the stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the tips.
a beautiful broad flower with red and yellow petals with red stamen and yellow stigma.
this flower features a large ovary surrounded by yellow stamens and layers of thin red/yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
the flower has a yellow and red petals with many stamen around the light green pollen tube
this flower has double shaped orange petals with yellow tips surrrounding the orange and yellow stamen and pistil
this flower has a ring of bright petals that are red with yellow tips.
this flower has long red petals whose edges are rounded and yellow.

this purple flowers has large petals and small florets in the middle.
the petals are pink, with a broad leaves. there are also smaller white petals nestled inside.
this flower has petals that are dark pink with white stigma.
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has smooth pink petals with little white flowers in the center of it.
this flower has bright pink leaves with veins and pointed tips, and tiny white blossoms.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma
small, white petals and no other structures are visible.
this flower has broad pink petals with white smaller stamen in the shape of a smaller flower in the center.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are curled up.
narrow wilting pink petals, with impressively long pink stamen a pollen tube
this flower has long pink curved pink petals and long pink stamen
the stamen on this flower is purple with a green pedicel
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
this flower has long lavender petals with curled edges attached to brown pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has tall pink stamen and long pink petals with curved ends.

this flower has petals that are white with pointy tips
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
this flower has petals that are white with small points and white stamen.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the white petal has a star pattern and the tiny stamen are white and green.
this flower has funnel shaped petal that is white with thin points.
this flower has petals that are white and in a satellite shape
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are uneven along the edges.
this flower has white petals with short, pointed tips and a white stamen.

these flowers have four white petals with purple veins, and at the center is white and yellow and light green with long thing stamen.
the flower has four pale pink petals with dark pink veins and neon yellow pistils and in the center.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that have pink veins.
the petals on this flower are purple with yellow stamen
the flower shown has purple and white petals with yellow pistil
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are pink with purple stripes and the pistil is yellow
this flower has a green ovary, yellow stamen, a white pistil and light pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vibrant yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower has a lot of tall orange petals and a lot of brown anthers
this flower has petals that are orange with many shirt stamen
the flower shown has orange petals as its main feature
this flower is orange and black in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are long and thin, and have anthers in the center forming a circle.
this flower is orange and black in color, with very skinny oval petals.
this is a large orange flower surrounding a black pistol.
a large bloom with two layers of long narrow orange petals in a star pattern around a dark ovule covered in deep orange and red stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with black stamen
this flower has orange petals that are thin, rounded, slightly layered, are toothed on the ends and surround a dark brown center.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the flower is white in the middle with pink frayed edges.
the petals on this flower are pink on the fringe with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges and white stamen.
the flower shown has peach and white petals with a white pistil
this flower has white long petals with a bright pink outsides.
this long stem has many flowers with ruffled coral and white petals
this flower has wide white petals with pale yellow centers and ruffled pink edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has floppy pink petals in the formation of a star with light pink stamen.

this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are purple with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
this flower is bright purple with purple anthers and filaments and yellow stigma.
this flower has large green stamen surrounded by a purple fringe and wide purple and white petals with rounded edges.
the petals are long and light purple and the stamens are purple with green anther.
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has long tapered lavender petals that surround long, thin purple petals and surround yellow stamen with a dark purple stigma and pollen tube.
this purple and pink flower has many pointed petals with green and yellow anthers.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped .,

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has very slim petals that are yellow with yellow stamena too
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, needle like and separately arranged around bunch of stamen
the flower shown has small yellow petals with yellow pistil as well
petals are smaller in size,stamens are many with larger yellow anthers
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a yellow ovule, yellow anther filaments and stamen, and yellow petals.
this flower has dozens of long needle like yellow petals that surround the yellow stamen.
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals in a ring configuration.

this flower has petals that are white with spots of pink
this flower has large white petals and a big yellow stigma in the middle of it
the petals on this flower are white with pink tips
this flower is whit and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the tips.
this flower has petals that are white with pink tips and many yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals that become pink towards the ends, and yellow stamens and stigma
this flower has a very side yellow pistil surrounded by small yellow stamen and white petals with pink edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink tips
this flower has a yellow stamen and layers of upturned pink-tipped white petals.
a large white and pink flower with a golden center.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges and orange stamen.
the petals of the flower are orange and yellow and are attached to this yellow stems.
this flower has petals that are orange with yelloww edges
this is a small flower with dark yellow petals and yellow anthers.
a yellow and orange flower with rounded petals and skinny orange filaments.
the flower has white, yellow petals, tight green buds, with thin fork like leaves.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this is a yellow and orange flower with round shaped petals.
this flower has orange petals with yellow edges and small stamen
this flower has broad orange petals that get lighter toward the edges.

this flower is bright pink with broad petals with multiple points and bright pink center stamen.
this flower has large, wide overlapping pink petals with a few dark, tipped pistils.
this small pink blossom has six tightly grouped pedals which have jagged edges.
a red flower has broad overlapping flat petals that together form a round disc-like corolla, and the petals are dented at their outer borders.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
the flower has pink anthers with a black stripe, and its petals are pink with jagged edges.
this flower has wide, veined bright pink petals with ruffled edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
this flower has bright pink petals with curly edge and pink stamen with dark pink anthers.

the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around clustered disc of stamens
this yellow daisy-like flower has one layer of long rounded petals that are spaced evenly around the brown stamen and pistil.
the flower has yellow petals with a dark green pollen tube and stigma.
this flower is black and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers have long thin yellow petals and dark brown stamen.
the flower has long thin petals that are bright yellow.
this simple flower has as black ovule, stamen and anther filaments, and long yellow petals.
the beautiful flower has yellow petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in disc like manner around a bunch of black stamens
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.

blue flower has petals that are soft, smooth, fused and has stamen sticking out from the centre
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are wavy and curled on the edgest.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow stamen
this flower has large blue petals with a little green stigma in the middle.
this is a purple flower with connected petals and white anther filaments.
this flower has a bright blue petal with a slightly crinkled texture and a short white stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a small stamen
a flower with wide and wrinkly petals that are blue.
this dark purple flower has large petals that overlap to make it look like one round scalloped circle around the stigma.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.

this flower has large red petals and no visible outer stigma
red petals that are interconnected to form one petal and white filament and red anthers.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are red with white towards the center
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has red petals that has a bit of white in the center
this flower consists of four rounded red petals, blooming from a long green pedicel.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has red petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has red petals as well as a pedicel.

this flower has a beautiful color of pinkish red with equal overlapping petals.
a cone shaped flower consisting of red bracts emerges on a tall stem from large, shiny leaves.
the flower has thick pink petals that are pine cone shapped.
this flower has petals that are pink and very small
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are pink.
this flower has bright red petals that are layered in a pinecone-like pattern.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded upwards
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and vertically layered.
this flower has layers of red and pink petals.

the pistil is white and is very noticeable, and the petals are purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very skinny like strings.
the flower shown has green sepal and lots of purple and white anther
the rounded and notched bright green leaves of this plant surround a vibrant purple bloom that features curling lavender petals, rounded lavender sepals, and a tall, white pistil.
this purple flower has two different types of petals, one type is stink like and the others are oval shaped.
this flower has large purple petals and a white pistil.
this flower has many purple petals as well as some strange curly hair-like whitish-purple things.
purple string like petals above another wider purple set. bright yellow pistil and stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has stringy purple petals and a green pedicel.

long, thin yellow petals with ridged edges form two layers around a cluster of short, bright yellow stamens.
the petals of this flower change from yellow bases to orange with and multi-pointed tips.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this magnificent flower has lush, yellow petals that fade to the flower's center.
the flower is yellow with petals that are smooth and has pointy tip and they are in the formation around the stamen like a disc
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow center
this flower has a yellow center and layers of thin yellow petals with serrated edges.
this flower has bright orange long petals with a notched end arranged in a ray-like formation.
many rows of slender yellow petals that are jagged on the ends.

this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has star shaped purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has long white petals with ruffled edges and a mouth of purple and yellow.
the flower shown has petals which are large and purple which are its main feature
the flower shown has long skinny purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are light purple and has a yellow spot
the petals of the flower formulate a shape that resembles a starfish, and the stamens are a light yellow color.
the flower has a white petals with many stamen around the yellow pollen tube
this flower is light purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
this flower has large purple petals that lead to a yellow colored center.

these bright yellow flowers have a tubular center and five pointed petals.
the flower has a tube like yellow petal with a large yellow pollen tube in the center
this flower has two layers of petals, one with large pale yellow petals and the inner one with darker petals that fold away from the center.
this flowers has light yellow petals forming a star shape on the outside, and tube shaped yellow petals on the inside.
the flower has one petal that enclose the stigma, and five petals that are extended around.
the petals of the flower are a vibrant yellow, with small shades of white throughout the petals.
this flower has thin pale yellow petals and a bell shaped yellow pollen tube.
this flower has large yellow petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower has yellow petals that form into a bell shape
this flower has a ruffled inner bell surrounded by pointed yellow outer petals.

this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
the petals are round and red and the stamen is white.
this flower has red petals, a green sepal, and a green pedicel as well as an ivory stigma.
this flower is red and white in color, with petals that are rounded and curled at the edges.
the red flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has four red petals and white anthers in the middle.
this flower has small and very round petals in shades of deep red.
this flower is red and white in color, with oval shaped petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright red.
this flower has red clam shaped petals that surround the white stamen.

the curled petals are pale pink, and the stamen are the same color, but stretch high above the rest of the flower.
these plants feature pink-white petals that are long and curved away from the plant's center.
this flower has protruding pink stamen surrounded by long, very thin, curled pink petals.
this flower has some interesting purple petals and a nice green stem.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled up.
this pink and white flower has curling petals and a green and red pedicel.
this flower has long straight stamen and pink petals that curl at the end.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long and very thin petals which are soft pink and curled.
this flower has many pink warped petals with stamen coming straight out of the ovule.

this flower is orange and yellow with tiny stamen in the center.
the flower has petals that are light yellow on the outer part and dark yellow on the inside.
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are darker in some areas.
the pedicel and the sepals are no seen but the petals are yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this pale yellow/orange flower features varigated yellow petals on a yellow stigma.
this flower has small, heart-shaped orange petals with yellow edges.
this flower has orange and yellow petals and small stamen.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.

the flower has sparse pink petals that are quite small.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen
small pink flowers hanging from a stem.
the flower shown has small white petals with purple pistil
this flower has four petals that are all pink with gaps in between.
this flower has very distinct white and purple petals and narrow petal stems.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
sparse, light pink, oval petals and white filament with yellow-green anther on a thing stem with numerous pink buds.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are long and oval shaped.
the pale green small sepals are alternate on a pink oval shaped petals that are closed
this flower has several long, upturned pink petals with slightly pointed edges.
this flower has a large pink petal and has no visible stamen on the outside
narrow white and pink petals standing up from the green sepal.
this flower has long and soft petals in varying shades of pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded up
this pink and white flower has pointed petals, green sepals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is large with overlapping pinkish petals on a long thin stem.

the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth, needle like and arranged in disc like manner around stamens
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
the flower has many thin, yellow petals and golden stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and a darker yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has thin, yellow petals and maize-colored stamen in the center.
this flower has yellow shredded petals with brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has thin yellow petals and gold style and filament.

this is a flower that is round in shape and has pointy green and purple petals.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals of the flower are white, light purple, and bright green as well as spiny-shaped.
flower petals are spiky and are needle shapd and are green in color
this flower has petals that are blue and very thin
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are white and purple and very thin
this flower is round and has many tiny purple pointed petals.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white and green.
this flower has a rounded ball of buds for tiny purple flowers.

the flower has green sepal at the bottom and as it works its way up they turn pink.
the base of the flower is composed of green leaves white the top base is red in color.
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
this blossom has no obvious petals but many sepals, which are red, there is a very small pistil raised on a pedicel from the rest of the blossom.
the inflorescence has younger flowers at the top and each flower has a leaf-shaped red corolla, and orange colored stigma and stamens.
this flower is pink, and orange in color, and has petals that are pointy on the tips.
the petals of the flower are long and pointed, with shades of red and green.
this flower has very thick and spiky red leaves which are waxy in texture.
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and has pointed tips

the flower shown has purple petals with a deep purple center.
this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped
this flower has long and relatively thin petals with smooth edges in varying shades of purple and violet.
this is a large flower with long purple petals on it.
the flower has petals that are pale purple with a center tube shaped petal.
this flower has purple and pink petals that form a bell shape
this flower has a light purple sepal along with a purple trumpet shaped petal at its center.
this pale purple flower has a prominent trumpet shaped style surrounded by long, thin petals which come to a pointed end.
these flowers are purple with long, vertical petals and tubular centers
this flower has long, purple tubular petals and light green pedicel.

a purple flower with ruffled petals and large green sepal.
flower is light urple incolro and capsule in shape with larger white anthers
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the delicate purple flower has five thin pedals surrounded by bright green leaves.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has five semi-conjoined delicate purple petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower has delicate lavender petals with small buds of stamen in the center of it.
this flower has short white stamen and light purple petals in a star-like configuration.

