this flower has petals that are yellow with many steman
this flower has long orange petal and a light orange outer stigma
this flower has several long yellow petals with brown accents which curl slightly at the edges.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has bright yellow petals resembling those of a butterfly, with brown markings on the two most prominent petals.
this flower has bright yellow petals that are sparsely arranged around the center.
this flower has an unusual arrangement of yellow petals with red marks on them.
this flower has large and curled petals in a shade of orange-yellow with red accents.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are drooping down and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stamen

the flower has purple petals with green pollen tubes and yellow anther
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this purple colour flower with five petals with lined veins at the center
the flower has petals that are light purple with green stigma.
this purple flower has a deep purple and green center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.
a large group of velvet pedals and a green stigma.
this flower has wide and very delicate purple petals and a dark plum center.
this flower has fan shaped purple petals that get much darker closure to the pistil.

the flower has petals that are shiny and red with red stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower features large crinkled purple petals cupping a cluster of yellow stamen.
a flower with a pink petals yellow stamen and red stigma and the sepals are green
this flower has wide and rounded petals of soft red with prominent wrinkles and veins.
this flower has wax like large petals colored in deep red with a large stamen and cluster of yellow anther.
this flower has four soft red circular petals and a red and orange pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a center that is yellow in color.
this is a flower with bright pink petals that are yellow in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow center
flower with pink, yellow, and white petals and a white stamen.
this flower is pink, white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has five pink heart-shaped petals with a star shaped yellow center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are heart shaped and yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this flower has three colors in all five of its brightly colored petals.
this flower has mostly purple petals with white and yellow near their base.

this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are pointed.
this yellow flower has two petals that are spiky and pointed upward accompanied by one big purple pistil.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has yellow pointy petals as its main feature
an odd shaped flower with a golden, black, and maroon color.
this flower has a thick and very pointed stem and petals of yellow and indigo.
this flower has long, yellow petals with a blue filament and white anther.
this plant's flower petals are yellow with purple sepals and a pointed stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very thin

this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has clusters of deep red blossoms with rounded petals arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has a lot of red petals and an orange stigma in it
this flower has petals that are red with a long stigma
a very beautiful red flower with bits of purple looking peddles that have not yet opened.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
a large tower layered shaped red flower with yellow tips.
this flower has large and very soft red petals whose shape is slightly ruffled.
the long red flower has small buds at the top ready to open.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.

this flower has petals that are orange and yellows and shaped like spheres.
this flower has bright yellow to orange petals among green leaves.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
an orange and yellow flower with little tightly wrapped petals surround the stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange and ruffled together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven in shape and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
this flower has orange petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a round mound of tiny, ruffled orange petals.
the petals of the flower are clustered, and a bright orange color.

a yellow flat flower with large pedals, and a lime green center.
this flower has petals that are yellow wit yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen
a yellow flower with separated large petals surrounding a green stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has bright yellow petals and a skinny green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has five rounded yellow petals with long yellow stamen.
this flower has smooth bright yellow petals with rounded edges and yellow stamen.

the petals of this flower are ribbon-like and polka dotted (cream coloring with black dots).
the flower has pale orange petals with brown spots and brown anthers.
this flower hangs almost upside down with long stamen and polka doted petals.
this flower has protruding stamen surrounded by curled pink petals with brown spots.
this flower has large petals that curl underneath the pink flower with dark polka dots and cone shaped anthers at the end of the pink filament.
this flower has orange colored petals which curl backwards and have dark red spots.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are pink with brown spots.
this flower has orange petals as well as a purplepedicel.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black dots

this flower has a yellow center surrounded by five gossamer petals in a pale pink hue.
this small flower has purple-white rounded petals and a golden stamen.
this flower has pale pink almost white petals and tiny, long yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are short and white with pink
light pink flower with five round petals and yellow anther encircling the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is light pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
the petals of this flower are pink, the pistils are white, and the pedicel is gray

a flower with greenish lavender petals and light green pistils.
this flower has a large white petal with pink and green stripes, and it's stamen is green in color
this flower has petals that are pink and green with a green filament.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are spotted.
the flower has white pink spotted petals that are large in size with large stamens
a star shaped flower with a neon colored pedals.
this pink white and green flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has light pink and green petals, with yellow stamen.
this flower is white, pink, and green in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are green and has pink edges

short, broad, pointed petals with orange ends and lightyellow centers, around lavender pistils.
the flower shown has red and green sepal and many white anther in the center
a flower with folded in triangular petals and white tightly compacted stamen.
this flower is red yellow and white in color with sharp red petals.
the flower is so big and has outer layer of sepals that looks like petals and inner layer of petals that are pink and surrounding the stamen
this flower has soft green petals with pink trimming and clusters of white stamen in the center.
this flower has spiky pink and yellow petals and white stigma.
this flower has pointed pink and yellow petals and a large white stigma
this flower has red petals as well as a white stamen.
a large flower with white and pink tipped petals with many white stamen.

the flower has a purple and blue petal with a green sepal
this flower is pink, white, and purpl in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.
the flower has green leaves with a small purple blooms and a large pink ovary.
pale pink fused sepals arranged alternately with flowers with blue petals and slender blade like leaves.
this unique flower is lavender in color and comes out of numerous green sepals with have a faint purple hue.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and are bent upwards
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple.
this white, pink, and purple flower has pointed petals and green sepals.

the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
the flower has a lot of petals that looks like purple pins in a ball.
the sepal on this flower is green with purple petals pointed upwards
this flower is purple and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of this flower are purple with many long stigmas
this flower has thick purple sepals and a large number of short, skinny, purple petals.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curved upward and very skinny.
this flower has petals that are red and has stringy stamen
a flower with large ovule with many purple thing petals sprouting from it.
this flower has many thin purple stamen protruding from its bulbous center.

the flower petals are oval shaped and are pink in color with the outer part colored yellow
the flower has pink petals with yellow outer edges.
many bright red petals with yellow tips that form a wide circular flower.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are pink and yellow with a short stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
a gorgeous combination of pink, coral, and yellow petals, accented with a forest green stem.
this is a vibrant reddish-pink flower with bright yellow tips at the end of the pointed petals.
this flower has many long red with yellow tip petals, and a wide red and yellow pistil.

this is a flower with a large round red petal and a large pistil.
this flower has petals that are red with a long style
the flower is bright red with its leaves in the shape of a heart.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has a petal that is red with a white stamen.
this flower has a red petal with a long white, orange, and pink pistil.
the petals on this flower are mostly red with long stamen.
this red flower has a heart shaped petal and a pink and orange pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this flower has a thick upright pistil along with a large red petal with prominent veins.

this flower has petals that are orange with shades of yellow
the petals are pinecone-shaped and yellow and pink in color.
these flowers have brownish yellow color and a bunch of brown pistils.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with layered white orange and yellow petals, green sepals,a nd green pedicel
leaves are green and smaller yellow and orange petals
this flower is peach and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pale orange.
this flower has peach and yellow petals, green leaves and red anther filaments.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.

this flower with purple-white petals has a flat cake like stigma
the petals on this flower are pink with a large yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker on the edges.
this pink and white flower has a beautiful yellow stigma in the middle of tiny stamen.
this flower has white petals with pink edges and deep pink veins.
this flower has a yellow stamen and layers of white petals with pink tips.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
a flower with long and narrow petals that are purple.
the flower has big yellow pistil and stamen with pink petals.
light pink-purple petals, white filament, yellow anthers, and a large, pale yellow, cone shaped pistil.

the petals of this flower are red with a yellow pistil.
leaves are green,pedicel is green,the flower petal is red in color
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a petal that is shiny and red, with a white stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has a prominent white and yellow pistil standing up from a single large red petal.
this flower has a shiny red leaf with a yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has a heart shaped petal that is bright red with a long stamen of white and yellow.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style

this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a long stigma
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow on the tips.
this is a yellow flower with orange on the petals and red stamen.
the flower has many petals that are red with yellow tips and red stamen.
bright yellow and orange make up the colors of the petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
red stigma flowing into a reddish orange petals that are tipped in yellow
the petals of this flower are orange with yellow tips and the pedicel is green

this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oriented like a star.
the petals are color white with yellow color on the base.
this flower has 5 light yellow petals making up it's pin wheel like form.
delicate oval petals in white with faded yellow bases form a pinwheel around no discernable sex organs.
thick white smooth petals with pale yellow in on the inside of each petal revealing a star shaped orange pistil.
this flower has very smooth rounded white petals with a pale yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
these flowers have white and yellow petals in a pinwheel formation.
this flower has white and yellow petals with a very smooth texture.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has small white petals near the stamen and larger white petals under it
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white yellow stamen
the flower shown has a yellow pistil with white petals
this flower has overlapping petals that are purple on the bottom petals, white on the upper petals and yellow stigma.
this flower has five small rounded white petals and five tapered pale blue petals.
this white flower has rounded petals, yellow anthers, and a green pedicel.
this flower has an outer row of lavender petals and an inner row of white petals with a yellow stamen.
this flower has five white petals and yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has green to grayish petals. they appear to be very fibrous, and surround a group of purple anthers
white petals surround a center of many long and pointy purple looking staman.
this flower has lots of blue anther with white sepal all around it
these small, off white petals have bright purple stamen inside of them.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this bright purple flower has pointed pedals and green sepals.
this flower has a large purple hair like center surrounded by short pointed petals.
this flower has petals that are white and are very stringy
this flower has a large mount of purple stamen in the middle and cream and purple pedicels.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink with flowery white stigma
the purple flower has three leaves and three stigmas with have budding flowers
a small pink flower with veiny petals and thick red filament.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a thick stigmas in the center.
the petals on this flower are mostly pink with small white flowers inside.
this flower with vibrant pink petals, has stamens sticking out that seem to have the anthers blooming flowers of their own.
this flower has bright pink petals and white flourishes on the stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
this flower has bright purple leaves with veins surrounding tiny white blossoms.

the pretty flower has small white petals with long styles.
the flower displayed has white petals along with a long green pedicel
a bunch of white pistil and a lot of pollen tube on a pedicel
the flower are white in color with a stalk that is green and a stigma that is white in color.
very tiny white petals spaced far a part with long white filaments and burgundy anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has long stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
these small white flowers have four petals spread out in pairs, a long style topped with a three pronged green stigma, and white filaments topped with purple anthers.
this flower has small and very smooth petals in shades of white with a perfectly smooth texture.
this flower has four white petals that resemble a bees wings and very long stamen with red anthers.

this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled.
a strange looking flower with yellow petals and brown markings.
this flower has large bright yellow petals that curve under towards the ground.
this large flower has several long, wide yellow petals which curl slightly downwards.
this flower has long, large yellow petals with slightly ruffled edges.
the bold yellow petals are large yet few in number and are accented with a subtle brown veining.
this flower has bright yellow petals that have smooth edges but a wrinkled texture.
this yellow flower has long, curved petals with brown spots.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped and ruffled.

the petals of the flower are red in color and have yellow detailing along the side.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are pink with green edges
the obvious parts of this bloom are the petals, which are red with white edges are long and distantly spaced.
there are dark red and white petals with red pedicel.
a flower with red and yellow petals and green leaves.
this flower has pink petals that have white edges and are long, thin, and wavy in shape.
this flower has red and yellow staggered petals with a green pedicel.
this flower has purple petals that gradient to white but doesn't seem to have a pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stripes

hundred of tiny toothpick sized, yellow petals surrounding a golden yellow center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
the flower shown has several layers of skinny yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
a golden flower with small pedals and dark tan center.
this flower has a cluster of thin and very hair-like, fringed yellow petals.
this bright yellow flower has dense many layered petals and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin

the flower has purple petals with yellow anther and white filament
this flower has a small purple petal and a large white stigma with a yellow anther filament
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow filaments.
the flower consists of four violet petals and a yellow center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has a green center bulb and yellow stamen surrounded by wide pink petals.
this is a light purple flower with 5 leaves and many yellow stamens.
five purple petals surround an eye-catching center with prominent yellow stamens around the pistils.

the petals of this flower are white and very thin.
this flower has petals that are white and yellow anthers and filaments.
the petals on this flower are white in color surrounding yellow stamen.
the petal are white in color and rounded in shape,the fillaments are many withlarger yellow colore d anthers
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
the flower has six paper thin white petals and hundreds of gold colored stamen.
this white and yellow flower looks like a sunny side up egg.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has large white crumpled petals with many yellow stamen in the center.

this flower has many yellow petals with yellow anthers and green ovaries.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
dozens of short, orange-yellow petals that surround a large poop of stamen that are green.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower has orange pistil and small yellow petals as its main features
this flower has many yellow petals and a bunch of seeds in the center.
this flower has a double row of elongated yellow petals surrounding a darker yellow stamen.
this bright yellow flower has many thin pointed, rounded, smooth petals, with shades of darker yellow in the center of the flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has green stamen
this flower has numerous longer yellow petals with a dense core.

this is white flower with a big stigma in the center.
this white flower features a partially obscured dark yellow pistil.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
the flower contains one rounded petal that is white in color with alarger sized stigma
this flower has a large white petal and a large yellow stigma in the middle
the single white petal with a pink center twists around a yellow pistol.
this flower has a large white funnel-shaped petal with a smooth edge and texture.
this flower has one large circular conical petal going from white to pink in color toward the center, where the prominent yellow stigma is.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink near the center.
this white flower has one petal that is twirlled into a cone shape, being shorter on one end.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower is red with petals that are soft, separated and arranged around the stamen that has yellow anthers
flower with dark red petals which are black are the core and yellow receptacle and small reddish filaments
this flower has red petals with black spots and a yellow center.
this flower has crunchy red petals around a center of yellow stamen.
this is a red flower with five petals and turns yellow toward the receptacle.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has five large and ruffled red petals with a bright yellow center.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are white with black dots
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the petals on this flower are white with brown dots.
this flower has white bell shaped petals that have dark pink spots on their interior.
this white and dark red flower has rounded petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower is white and pink in color, with bell shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.

the flower has white petals with pink outlining the petals.
this flower has thin pink and white petals as its main feature.
the petals are aligned in two layers, with short anthers over the yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled along the edges.
the colors of the petals are white and pink with a hint of yellow and it's a tall, tower of a plant.
this white, yellow, and pink flower has pointed leaves and yellow stamen with purple anthers.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
this flower has white petals with a light pink edging on them with a stigma with a dark purple tip.

this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals which ruffle slightly at the edges.
the flower has a white colored set of petals with the tip light yellow colored stigma.
the flower has a green sepal and the bloom is white in color with thin white filaments.
this flower has large white petals, white stamen, and white anthers on it
this flower is white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has white petals which are very smooth and slightly ruffled at the edges.
this flower is white and green in color, with wavy and thin petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
this flower has white petals with pointed ends and long style
this white petaled flower has a long receptacle and white stamen.

the flower shown has white ruffled petals as its main feature.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this blossom has six white pedals which have a very rough or wrinkled outline, the pistil is completely covered with small yellow stamen.
this flower's yellow center is surrounded by large, very ruffled white petals.
the flower has a star shaped white petal with hundreds of little yellow anther in the center.
the wrinkly, white petals surround a spherical cluster of golden stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this white flower has tissue-paper like petals and a bulb of dirty yellow stamens, with a yellow pistil in the center.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has heart shaped petals that are large and also white.
the middle of this flower is unique because it has an opening rather then being closed like others
very white pedal with a yellow and purple specs middle skinny dark green leaves
this flower has three large petals and one big pistil.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
the petals of the flower are are a vibrant white color, and the stamens are a light green color.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
there are white petals and one petals with dark purple spots that wraps around a yellow stigma.
this particular flower has petals that are long and white with a yellow center

widely spaced out odd shaped orange petals with red splotches on each one.
this flower is red and tan in color, with petals that are spotted.
the spotted orange petals appear distressed and worn, the new blooms will bring more life.
the petals are long and orange with a splash of yellow
large leaves with parralell veins are accented by tall stalks of orange and red spotted flowers.
the petals of the flower are yellow, red, and orange and have a green stem.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
the petals of this flower are golden yellow with orange and red spots on them
this flower has orange and yellow petals attached to green sepals.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.

vibrant purple petals forming a deep cup, meeting at a slender sepal.
the flower has a set of purple colored petals with it's veins showing thru.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped
the petals on this flower have a pretty lilac hue and their shape make the flower look like a fan.
this flower has light purple petals with dark purple veins throughout.
{}
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple has has dark lines on them
there is a broad, open receptacle at the base of this purple flower, and the petals are connected at the base.

the flower has five petals that are white with yellow centers.
the flower is white with its petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in a disc like manner
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals with no visible stamen on the inside of it
flower with white overlapping petals having yellow streaks on the inner parts
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with petals that are long and wide with white tips and yellow centers.
this white flower has smooth, clean looking petals that gradate into yellow towards the middle, and no visible pistil/anthers.
this flower has five white and yellow petal flower comes together in a star shape.
this flower has five rounded white petals with yellow centers.

this flower has petals that are pink with dark dots
the flower shown has white filament and purple anther with orange petals
this flower has salmon colored petals with purple polka dots that curve backward towards the pedicel and has long white stamen with purple anthen.
this flower has curled salmon petals with black polkadots and long stamen with dark anthers.
this flower is orange and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has orange petals that curly outward and are spotted with purple, with long purple stamen.
the flower has orange petals with small dark spots, long white filament with oblong black anther.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange and has black dots
this flower has long curled over orange petals with purple spots all over.

a group of purple flowers with yellow anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has several layers of purple petals which are long and thin with slightly dtoner wd tips.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
purple petals dark purple and yellow middle green leaves
this flower has thin purple petals with small yellow stamens.
the flower has straight purple petals and a round ovule with spots of yellow
this pink and purple flower has many pointed petals and bright yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals, yellow stamens, an purple stigma.

this flower has flat, very smooth pink petals with rounded edges.
this petals on this flower are pink and dark pink at their bases.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
the flower has delicate pink petals that are quite thin.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has large pink and white petals that turn a dark pink towards the center.
a pink flower with folded pink petals that are lighter at their edges.
the petals on this flower are mostly pink and dark purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple center

the flower has petals that are orange in color with a filament that is white in color and anthers that are yellow.
this lush flower features yellow petals and wacky central stamen.
a medium sized flower with orange-tan petals and yellow stamen with a purple base.
this flower is peach and white in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
the petals are a soft peachy yellow with a burgundy throat and bright yellow anthers and white filament.
this flower has five large and rounded orange petals and a dark red center.
a pinkish yellow flower with a red center, round leaves, and white and yellow pistil and stamen.
a flower with long and wide petals that are light orange.
this flower is yellow, white, and pink in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has yellow petals and has a big style in the middle

a tan pedaled flower with a black dots, and a green stems.
a flower with yellow and red speckled petals and no visible pistils.
this flower has yellow background petals with with brown dots accompanied by a few pistils.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
this flower has long rounded petals that are orange with brown spots.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
the petals of this flower are yellow and they have orange dots
this flower has long orange petals with a design of red dots.
there are six visible petals that are an orange color with brown spots on them.

the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has purple petals that are very skinny and hair-like.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has many purple filament sticking out in a ball
this flower has a rounded fringe of hundreds of very thin purple petals which protrude in numerous directions.
this flower has petals that are purple and is very stringy
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the flower was prickly looking that is purple with a yellow center.
the petals on this flower are mostly wild purple, with a yellow stamen.
this flower is pom pom shaped consisting of purple stamen.

this blue flower has several long petals which are turned up at the end.
the flower has petals that are purple and shaped like a tube.
the floweer petals arecapsule shaped and are blue in color
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
these delicate, trumpet-shaped flowers are a deep royal blue with fluted edges and the interior is lightly speckled with black.
this flower has a long trumpet shape and deep indigo petals which open outwards.
this flower has trumpet shaped petals that are bright blue.
this flower has blue bell shaped petals, with dark green stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bell shaped
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.

the flower has petals that are dark orange with orange pedicel.
this reddish orange flower has very compact petals wrapped around the middle of the flower.
a flower with spoon shaped orange red petals in small groupings.
the flower has smooth orange petals with an orange pedicel
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has bright orange petals that are arranged together in a cup formation.
the red petals are upturned and slightly curled and the base is flat.
this flower has three petals on it that are all red.
reddish orange flower with broad upright petals hiding pisitl
this flower has petals that are red and form to make a bell shape

this flower has petals that are white with pink shading and edges
the flower petals are floret.they are roundec and are white pink in color
this flower is bright pink with a darker pink on the outer petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals of this flower are white and pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
a pink and white flower with layers of floppy ruffled petals
this flower has layers of white petals with soft ruffled edges in rosy pink.
this flower has a large number of white petals with pink jagged edges that are all bunched together in an uneven fashion.
the petals of the flower are clustered in a bunch, and contain various shades of white and pink throughout the petals.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the flower is light pink with its petals that are soft, smooth, separated and arranged around the stamen in disc like manner
there are pale pink and white petals of this flower. the anther has a yellow appearance.
this flower has petals that are pink with spots of purple
this flower has five petals that are darker pink on the inside and lighter pink toward the edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink dots
this flower has five wide, almost triangular pale pink petals with rounded edges and a fuchsia center.
a flower with long and curled flowers that are pinka nd white.
the five petals are white with some pink streaks radiating from the center.

pedicel is green,petals are broader and are beige in color
this flower has petals that are pink with white shading
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has several smooth and slightly pointy tipped petals in shades of pink with tiny white accents.
this flower has long pink petals and a brown stamen.
the petals of the flower seem to be standing up towards the sunlight, with various shades of yellow and pink throughout.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded upwards
large geometric petals in a star pattern with no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower has petals that are shaped like diamonds with different shades of pink blended together.

this flower has smooth bright red petals as its main feature
the flower has petals that are large, red and shiny.
this is a large flower with folded red petals and a brown pedicel.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has large wavy coral red petals that face downwards.
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a pink center
this flower has tall and smooth bright pink petals that are arranged close together.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and thin.
this flower has very smooth pale-red petals with straight edges.

the flower has yellow petals and the sepals are very green.
this flower has a thick column of yellow vertical fringe which appears almost furry in texture.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this is a long, skinny flower with yellow petals and green leaves.
this flower has green leaves and small orange petals that surround a green pedicel.
this flower has bunched up yellow-orange petals shaped in an upwards direction and bright green short leaves.
this flower has a cone-like formation made up of many bright yellow petals.
a flower with many yellow petals that surround a long pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are bunched together

this flower has yellow petals and unique red spots across them.
the petals are yellow with red spots on top, and it has a thick pedicel.
large, flat, yellow petals with red polka dots on the area facing toward the pistil.
this flower has yellow and red petals with a green colored pedecil.
an asymmetrical flower with three large ruffled yellow petals to the top and sides, with red spots at the petal bases, and a bottom yellow petal with red spots on the whole petal, and a slightly protruding yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with thin and wavy petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
this flowers pedicel is thick, green and fuzzy and it's pedals are yellow with red dots.
this flower has bright yellow petals with dark orange spots and yellow anthers.
this flower has bright yellow petals with crinkled edges and orange spots on them.

the flower has smooth white petals with yellow and orange centers
this flower has a white colored petal with a yellow colored center on it
a flower with white petals that have orange markings and a green center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded on the edges.
this flower has several overlapping layers of rounded white petals with yellow centers.
this flower has small heart shaped white petals with yellow centers.
this white, yellow and orange flower has rounded pedals and a green stigma.
the white petals have dark gold markings and the stigma is tiny and green.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the petals on this flower are mostly white, and yellow orange is the color of the stamen.

this unusual flower has white petals with a lot green spiky stamen.
white petals with purple spots light green middle long green leafs
the petals of the flower are made of skinny white petals with a large yellow ovary.
long white petals with purple spots droop from a center of nearly as long cone pistils around a small mount of green stamen.
compound flower has flower with purple dotted white petals on the outside and tiny green flowers on the inside.
this flower has white spotted petals and green clumped stamen.
this flower features a large green ovary with wilted white speckled flower petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are curled and drooping down.
this particular flower has petals that are white and purple
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen

the petals of the flowers are white and the leaves are green in color.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a purple and white flower with white and green filaments and anther.
this flower has stringy purple petals and green pistil as its main features
this pale purple flower has very prominent stamen and stigma with long, skinny petals.
this flower has white petals that have stringy purple stamen
a flower with long and curly pistils that are pale purple.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this unique flower has purple petals and a very prominent pistol and stamen.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has a purple petal wrapped around the flower with a green pedicel
the lavender and white petals of this bloom form a tiny pouch which hangs from the light green pedicel and sepal, surrounded by long pointed leaves.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have small veins.
this purple flower has a green pedicel and appears to be closed, making it look almost like a bag.
this flower is shaped like a closed lantern, with one purple petal design which is striated and leaflike.
this flower has light purple petals that are veined and a small green sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and are folded together
the purple flower is closed and looks like a little bag.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are still not opened.
the flower has petals that are purple and white and they closed in on itself.

this flower has big purple petals and white filaments with a yellow anther.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow center
this flower has four rounded veined pink leaves with orange anther and a white stigma.
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower begins with pink at the tips of the petals and then fades to white towards the center, with long orange stamen in the middle.
this flower with few stamen accented with orange anthers has overlapping, light pink petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that have a round shape.
a flower with very light pink petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
this is a large flower with pink and white petals and dark stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has a lot of long peach color petals.
this triple row of long petals that surround the pink stamen.
this flower has a black ovule, and light pink anther filaments that are surrounded by white and salmon colored petals.
this flower is light pink in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower's ovular apricot-colored layered petals turn white towards the black center of the flower.
this flower has a couple of layers of light pink oblong petals in a ring configuration.

light purple petals with orange and black middle green leaves
the petals on this flower are pink with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow edges
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thin pink petals and has orange stamen
large pine-cone like brown and orange stamen surrounded be a skirt of thin long pink petals.
this flower has a rounded brown center and long pink leaves.
a bright pink flower with many long thing pink petals in a star pattern with a large protruding ovule covered in red orange stamen.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with skinny pink petals.
this flower is pink and orange in color, with skinny pink petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with small stamen
this flower has a white pistil with pink petals with purple markings
the flower has many stamens with larger anthers that are yellow in color
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the edges.
the pedals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a group of pink and white flowers with red dots sprinkled on the pedals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has pink petals as well as pink filaments.
this flower has overlapping pink petals with accents in varying shades of pink.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the flower shown has pink petals and several pink stamen.
this is a large flower with pink petals and pink stigma.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stigma
this flower has light purple petals and a fuzzy, purple colored stamen.
the petals of the flower are round, purple and large
this pink flower has multiple silky pink petals and a pink stamen.
this flower has large purple petals with stamen and stigma of the same shade of purple.
this flower has wide petals in streaked shades of light lavender with a thick pollen tube in the same color.
this flower has petals that are pink and has flowery stigma

a red and orange flower with large curled petals and orange stamen.
the flower has red petals that are rounded and overlapped.
the pink color bowl shaped flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately surrounds stamens in many layers
leaves are green in color,petals are rounded in shape and are red in color
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has a rose color petals with many stamen around the peach pollen tube
this flower has several rows of pink petals and yellow anther filaments.
this flower has layers of overlapping red petals which are smooth and round.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pedicel.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has protruding green stamen surrounded by hundreds of very thin, frizzy purple petals.
this flower features pale wide stamens surrounded by thin string like purple petals
this flower has petals that are narrow and purple with white stigma.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has purple petals on the outside resembling ramen noodles or used up sparklers from 4th of july.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
long, thin purple petals make a halo around a prominent bright yellow central pistol and stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen

the flower shown has red and white petals as its main feature with white stamen
this flower has thick red and white petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
the flower has long white pollen tubes and red and white petals.
this flower is red, white, and green in color, with petals that are multi colored.
there is a vibrant red and white trumpet shaped bloom overlapping pointed petals prominent pale green stamen.
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are white and has red edges
the petals of this flower are red and white and the pistil is white and green
this flower has red petals with a green and white ovule and white anther filaments and stamen.

the sepal are green and spiky,petals are white and purple spotted
this flower has thin spotted purple and white petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has six long, flat petals that are white with large purple dotted leaves and a yellow line around the inner part of the flower.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with purple mossy pedicel
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this purple and white spotted flower has pointed petals and a white and purple spotted pistil.
this flower has a star configuration of white petals with purple spots.
this flower has six long white curling petals with purple spots.

the center of the flower is orange with light pink petals that are drooping.
this large flower has long purple petals and red stamens in the center.
composite flower head with thick pedicel and large purple petals with brown and red disk flowers.
the flower petals was pinkish -purple with orange in the middle
light pink petals curled back and under, big and round pistil
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a wide red-brown center surrounding down-turned pink petals.
the petals of this flower are light pink and the stamen are orange.
this flower is pink and range in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has pink petals that droop add red stamen

this pearly and yellow-petaled flower features a pink interior within.
this is a yellow and pink flower the petals wrap together.
the pretty flower has white petals the warp around each other.
this pale yellow flower with tinges of pink and red throughout has petals that fold inward in a circular, rose pattern, with a few green triangular leaves flaring out behind the main flower.
the pale pink petals are curled upon themselves hiding the pistil.
reddish tipped petals that fade into white and further fade into orange color
the flower has light orange petals wrapped in layers and bright green sepals.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are wrapped around the center.
this flower has many layers of lightly colored petals with pink and slightly crinkled edges.
this flower has fan shaped yellow pink tipped petals that wrap more tightly closer to the pistil.

this blue flower looks like a fluffy puff of fibers, with petals that are long and hair-like.
a very pointy flower that is puple in color on a pedicel
the petals are very purple and almost spiky looking.
a composite flower with individual purple flowers growing radially out from a central point making it a spherical structure.
a small, spiky, violet petals, that looks like a spiky ball
a white and purple spiky flower with a small size.
this flower has hairy like spiked petals with soft sharp edges.
this blue and black flower has pointed petals and a white pedicel.
this flower has long and small blue colored petals with no visible pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and are very thin

this large white flower has flats, lined petals and hardly-visible stamen and pistil.
the center pistil is yellowish green attached to a yellow anther surrounded by whole white solid petal wrapped around the center.
a big white flower with yellow stigma.
the flowers have petals that are uniform in shape but are white or red in color.
this flower has broad white petals, and short pistils with yellow anther.
a white flower with ruffled pedals and a yellow center.
the flower has fused white petal that are soft, smooth and has yellow stamen in the centre
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
this flower has big white petals and a very small yellow pistil

this flower has petals that are pink with dark pink tips and yellow stamen.
this flower has a prominent green pollen tube and yellow stamen surrounded by several long, thin purple petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped and multi colored.
long pink petals that are darker at the tips, bright yellow stamen and cone shaped style.
this large pink flower has curved petals with a yellow center.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink and white petals with yellow stigma in the middle
this flower has a thick green pistil inside a ring of yellow stamen surrounded by oblong pink petals in a slightly cupped configuration.

the flower has purple petals sitting underneath red anther and filament
there is a bushy dark red stigma sitting atop light purple petals.
the center of the flower is red with downward pink petals
there are many pink petals below red anthers and filaments.
this unique flower is purple and pink in petals and features a dark, dense core.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long slender petals that are pink that drop down surrounding a large red pompom center.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pedicel is dark green
this flower has narrow, pink petals and dark red stamen.

the flower has narrow white petals with pale pink tips.
this flower has smooth white petals surrounding a large yellow pollen tube
this flower has white petals tipped with pink and a yellow stigma
there is a cone shaped pistil surrounded by long white petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and upturned white petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are pink at the tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow style
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white.
this flower has a prominent yellow pistil and oblong white petals in a cup-like formation.

the petals on this flower are yellow with thin stamen.
the numerous slender petals of this flowers make a large bloom on long thick green stems.
the flower has several yellow long skinny petals with stamen in between the petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny and bunched.
a yellow flower covered in tiny yellow petals and yellow filaments.
a large flower with a clump of yellow pedals with tiny stigmas.
this flower has several layers of small oblong shaped yellow petals with yellow stamen through out.
this flower has yellow petals that are thin and stringy
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has many small, narrow yellow petals and a bunch of yellow stamen in the middle.

this flower has a lot of bright yellow petals with a yellow anther in it
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are wilted.
the flower has yellow petals with white stamen and a green pedicel
the petals are larger and yellow in color with rounded shape while the anthers are lrger and white in color
the flower has small golden and red petals and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a white stamen
this flower's petals are a magnificent shade of gold with some orange tinges on the outermost edges while the shapes of the petals are large and rich in symmetry.
the petals are bright yellow, broad, occasionally tipped in red, and surround small white stamen.
this flower has bright orange petals with splashes of red throughout them and a light yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped .

the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
lilac colored pointed petals that come to a point with a purple pollen tube and a white stigma.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are purple with long stigma
this flower has long purple petals with white stigma in the middle of them
this pale purple flower has pointed petals and long filament with multiple white anthers.
large, leaf shaped, light purple petals and light purple pistil with white stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has pale purple veined leaves surrounding tiny white center blossoms.

this flower has wide, yellow petals that surround a small cluster of visible anthers.
a bunch of yellow 4 petal flowers with a white stigma in the center.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are white in the center.
this flower grows in small clusters, has small, yellow petals and a small pistil.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a white stamen
the four broad yellow petals surround an easily visible off-white pistil that displays a prominent stigma.
this flower has small white stamen with four rounded bright yellow petals.
the yellow flower petals flourishes the dark pollen tube
this flower has thick yellow petals with small white stamens.

this flower has several overlapping layers of ruffled, round edged violet petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy.
the flower shown has purple petals surrounding the white anther and filament
the flower has several small petals that are a light lavender color.
this purple flower has long leafy petals which give it a loose ruffled look with jewel like white anthers in the center.
this flower has a large amount of very small light blue petals.
the lilac shaded petals pierce outward with pearl essence seeds in the middle.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled edges
this beautiful light purple flower has a white spider sitting on one of it's petals.

the flower shown has pink petals in the shape of an acorn
this flower has petals that are upright intertwined and dark pink.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers and folded up
this flower has pink petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower has a cone-like shape consisting of many layers of pink and white petals.

this flower has petals that are lavender with white stigma.
dark leaf-like petals in the shape of a star with white flower like stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has tiny star shaped white inner blossoms surrounded by lsthe pointed lavender colored petals in a larger star shape.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
the large purple flower has 5 pedals that come to points.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has five purple veiny petals with long white pistils.
this flower has bright blue petals that are pointed at the end and white stamen.

five delicate creamy white petals with darker yellow veins surround a yellow throat.
the flower has a white petal with green stamen and a green pedicel
this star-shaped flower has white petals with yellow streaks and a white pistil.
the flower is white and star shaped with petals that are fused near the sepal and gradually getting separated towards their tip
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that has veins.
this flower has a white petal in a funnel-shaped configuration with uneven edges, light green veins, and an ovary.
this flower has white petals with light green veins and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a green center
these flowers have white petals with yellow stamen in the center of them.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that re ruffle and wavy along the edges.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has smooth egg shaped white and yellow petals
the flower has petals that are orange with white edges.
these yellow-and-white flowers have five petals each and grow in groups.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white tips
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
this flower has five rounded white petals whose centers are bright yellow.
this flower has white overlapping petals with orange at the bases.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
these flowers are the color of daisies with it's bright yellow and white petals.

this flower has five overlapping pink petals with slightly serrated white edges.
the pretty little flower has purple petals that fade to white that the tips.
a cluster of flowers with purple and white petals and dark purple anther filaments.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has petals which are purple and white with white stamen
this flower has purple petals with white edges, green pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
purple matching stick-like stamen inside white margin and purple rounded petals.
a flower with short and rounded petals that are purple with white tips.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is purple and red in color, and has petals that are striped.
this is a purple skinny flower with red pollen pods.
the stamen area is red and green and the petals are purple
this flower has a large, bristly brown center and many downwards pointing long, thin purple petals.
a flower with long purple petals and clustered deep red stamen
this flower is pink and red in color, and has petals that are drooping down.
this flower has long purple petals which are shaped like thin ovals.
this flower has thin purple petals and a small cone-shaped pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red stamen
this flower has a thick brown center and down-turned petals of thin purple.

the flower has pink in color outer petals and white in color inner petals
broad and thin purple leaf-like petals surround long reddish styles with white flower-like stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with long stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are very small.
this'd flower has a tiny white blossom surrounded by pointed purple petals with leaflike veins.
this flower has purple petals with darker purple lines and purple filament with white flower anther.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
this is a purple flower with purple filaments and white anthers.
this flower has bright purple leaves with pointed tips and tiny inner white blooms.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that are rounded and wavy.
an orange flower with smooth curled petals and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with patches of yellow
this pale orange flower has thin petals which curl on the edges and a cluster of stamens in the center.
this flower has large orange petals and stamen in the the middle of it
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and bunched together.
this flower has large light orange petals with an orange pistil.
these flowers have orange petals attached to long green pedicels.
this flower has large and wide orange and yellow petals with ruffled textures.

a flower with large tubular individual petal which has white and pink spots on its interior and green sepal.
the blooms of the flower are made of petals that are pink in color.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
the flower has purple petals tubular shaped with white spots on them
this flower has long purple petal with spots on the inside of it
this flower has wide tube-like blossoms of bright pink with curling, rounded mouths.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple spots
this flower has a group of pink bell shaped petals.
a group of velvet and white flowers with black dots.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and spotted on the inside.

dark lavender petals, long and delicate with a near wilted appearance rise of the pistil.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
the flower has petals that are large pink and upright.
the flower has pink and purple colored set of petals.
this flower has long pink petals and no outer stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
the large elongated light pink petals protrude from pedicils where they attach to the tree's branch.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has pale pink petals that are fairly narrow and long.
this flower has long pink petals with a pointed tip that are oriented upwards.

this flower has petals that are blue with green stamen
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are spotted in the center.
the flower shown has bright blue petals and a yellow stigma.
this flower is an uncommon bright blue, and it grows individually (without other flowers like it).
this star shaped flower has five conjoined petals of very bright blue.
this is a blue flower that has a short pistil that turns light blue and yellow toward the receptacle.
a bright blue star shaped flower with green and black spots.
this flower has a prominent yellow pistil in the center of a bright blue five pointed petal.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are spotted in the center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green lines

this lilac colored flower has conjoined petals with ruffled edges and dark purple veins.
the flower is purple in color with darker purple veins going throughout.
the flower has a purple petal with green pedicel and sepal
this flower has large white petals with purple spots on it and no visible stigma
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that has colorful veins.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have darker veins.
the flower has petals that are purple in color and leaves that are green.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are violet and light purple and the pedicel is green
a large lavender flower with violet highlights with a gentle sloping depression leading to the center.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this large blossom has multiple layers of wide peach-colored petals tipped with a rose hue.
this bright pink flower has orange leaves in the center.
layers of pink edged petals that are yellow and a green sepul and pedicel.
the flower has red and white petals with a long green pedicel
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink on the tips.
the petals of this flower are pink and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has ascending layers of smooth petals that are varying shades of pink and yellow.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are layered around the center.
the flower has dense white petals that are vertical and very thin.
light pink pedals with yellow middle and dark green leaves
the flower has white petals with yellow seeds in the middle.
this flower has fan like pink white petals that surround the white and yellow stamen.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and layers of wide, pale pink petals.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded in shape.
this flower has white filaments with yellow anthers and smooth white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stigma

this is a yellow flower with large ruffled velvety petals, some petals curl upward and some hang downward.
this blossom has three large, downward curving petals, and six upward curving petals, three are large, three are small.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a ruffled texture
the flower has petals that are pale yellow with yellow stigma.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
pale yellow flower looks like salad lettuce on a stem.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
a yellow flower with green pedicel and the yellow filament, stigma and pistils
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has large lightly colored petals with a wrinkled texture and rounded edges.

the anthers are on think filaments that are curved, with tiny purple petals.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this blossom has very large sepals, the pedals are long and very narrow, the ovary and pistil are very large with elaborate shapes.
a odd shaped flower with a center series of flower petals in the shape of a star with long purple, yellow and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are green with stringy stamen
this flower is white, yellow, and blue in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has green petals as well as a purple and green pistil.
this flower is multicolored, with light green wedge shaped petals and blue-tipped stigma.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen
this blue, white, and purple flower has pointed pedals and green sepals.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower has purple petals with green pedicel as its main features
the flower has a bell shaped form with it's petal mostly pink or purple in color.
the petals on this flower are pink with white and brown dots.
this flower has vertical blossoms of pale purple in a wide tube shape.
this flower has pink petals that have purple dots in the middle
the petals are a light lavender purple which form a downward facing bell shape. the insides of the pedals are white with speckled purple.
these bell shaped lavender flowers have closely knit petals with a purple spotted pattern on the bottom half of their interiors.
these light purple trumpet shaped flowers have white and dark purple spots on the inside of the flower and the grow upside down on a thick stalk.

five large, flat, white petals with pinkish purple edges and stringy yellow pistils.
these symmetrical flowers, consisting of red and white pedals, consists of a large receptacle and a small opening in between.
the color is pink and the sepals are green surrounding the flower.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has petals that are white with pink edges
this flower has five large and rounded white petals with ruffled pink edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
the large white petals are rimmed with pink and surrounded by glossy sepals.
this flower is a trumpet shape with petals that are cream shading to bright pink at edges.
this flower has petals that are white with bright pink edges.

the red flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and arranged separately around pistil
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stigma
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded and ruffled.
the flower has a long red pollen tube and thin petals that are red.
this flower has one red large rounded petal with a red and yellow stamen.
this five petal flower is entirely a vibrant red color, except for some spots of yellow at the top of the stigma.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has five rounded and very large petals in a dark red shade.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow stamen
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this is a white flower with dark purple spots. the petals are long.
the tropical flower has petals that are speckled with colors of white and purple.
this lavender flower has a star shaped blossom with darker lavender spots on the leaves, and some yellow shading in the center.
this unique flower features white petals with darker, red-pink polka dots.
the petals on this flower are pink with purple dots all over.
this flower has six long pointed petals with a mottled design of purple hues.
this flower is purple and white in color, with spotted petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
the petals of this flower are white and they have purple dots all around
this flower has white petals and sepals with small purple spots on them.

the flower shown has petals which are yellow and orange with a yellow stamen
a flower with red and yellow petals and brownish orange anther filaments.
this flower is yellow and black in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and yellow with short stamen
this flower's wide yellow center is surrounded by several layers of yellow petals with red centers.
a large yellow flower with separated petals that are arranged in disc like manner around stamen
this flower has tapered yellow petals which have vertical orange center stripes.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has yellow petals with orange lines and many stamen
this flower has three rows of petals that are yellow on the edges with orange in the center.

the petals of this flower are white and purple with a long stigma
this flower has a bunch of huge white petals and little purple purple petals.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
this is a flower that has large white petals and a purple center.
this flower has white petals as well as a purple pistil.
this flower has dark stamen surrounded by a circular inner purple petal, and an outer layer of very light purple petals.
this flower has wide pointed pale lavender petals and a fluted center of darker purple.
this flower has pale pinkish outer petals and purple inner petals, with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has patches of purple

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are striped on the insde.
the flower petals are bright white in color with inner petals that are light purple
the petals of this flower are white and purple with short stigma
this flower has long white petals with purple insides and no visible stigma
the flower has white and purple petals with purple stamen in the center
the petals of the flower are curled along the edges and are purple in color with green leaves.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
there are flat, almond shaped white petals and a ruffled, purple and white petal int he shape of a vase.
this flower has white petals with smooth edges surrounding a single trumpet shaped petal with a purple center.

the petals on this flower are red with a white pistil.
this flower has a large white pistil surrounded by a shiny red petal with a pointed tip.
this flower has petals that are red with long stlye
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has red waxy petals and a long yellow tipped pistil.
flower with red petals, leaves are big and the stamen and stigma are white and yellow
this flower has red petals as well as a white and yellow pistil.
this flower has large red petals and a long white pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has a white and yellow style
these flowers have shiny red petals and a very prominent yellow and white pistil.

the flower has yellow petals with yellow anther and filament
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are long and rounded at the ends.
the leaves are broad and green in colorand the smaller many petals are yellow in color
the flower has lot of yellow colored petals with the center of the flower colored yellow green.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by several layers of long yellow petals.
this flower has yellow petals that are layered and has green stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
the flower has layers of skinny petals that are bright yellow in color.
this flower has a thin green center and layers of long yellow petals.

the flower has blue and purple petals with a green pedicel.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and bunched together
this purple flower has tiny bell shaped petals and a green pedicel.
flowers are laternately arranged,they are blue in color
this flower has many small blue stamen with white pistils.
a flower with small purple petals hanging in rows from light green pedicel.
this flower has very many small bell shaped blue petals on a single stem.
this flower has petals that are blue and bunched together
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has white petals with light purple stamen coming out of the center
the flower has a green pistil and light green petals.
this flower has prominent green and purple stamen and pollen tube surrounded by two layers of thin purple and wide white petals.
this unique flower is characterized by its light green stigmas, light purple stringy petals and tan stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has stringy stamen
this flower has white petals with very long white and purple filaments that have curly ends.
this flower has very stringy white purple petals with green stigma in the center that are bent at the tip.
this flower is white, purple and green in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

how much pollen can emanate from the pollen tube?
a medium flower with thin white petals, and a round flat yellow pistil.
this white-petaled flower features a lush, yellow core.
thin long white petals that come out of a circle made up of a whole lot of short yellow stamens.
a flower that has white petals and a yellow center
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are skinny ovals.
this flower has long thin white petals arranged in a circle around a yellow center.
this flower has white petals with yellow in the inside
this flower has many thin white petals and a large yellow pistil.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower occurs in cluster and has purple petals that make it look like a group of berries.
the pedicel is seen anf the petals are purple in color.
this flower has petals that are purple and closed together
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this blue and white flower has toothed petals and a white pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together
this flower has purple bell like petals and white pedicel.
a purple small berry shaped flowers with white tips and gray stem.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.

pink and purple petals make up this flower, with rich green leaves and a hidden inner stamen area.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled.
there are three flowers in this punch. two have light pink petals, one is a shade of periwinkle.
the row of flowers are symmetrical in shape, with pink and blue round petals arranged in circle.
the flower shown has pink and blue petals as its main feature
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
these flowers have pink and blue petals with green leaves underneath them.
this flower has petals that are pink and blue and has a purple center
this pink and purple flower has pointed petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has a five pointed star configuration of rounded petals that are either blue or light pink in color.

the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
these flowers have yellow and white overlapping petals with lime green pistils.
these flowers have four petals that range from white to dark yellow.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are ruffled and rounded.
this flower has multiple blossoms grouped together, some with white petals and others with yellow.
this flower has clusters of yellow petals with tiny yellow stamen in the center.
these flowers are vary in yellow and have short stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a small stamen
a flower with four petals that are pale yellow.

this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are large and wavy.
this flower has a bright red petal with a black stamen in the middle
this flower has four brilliant red petals and a dark, nearly black spot at the base.
the round red petals of this flower are pointing up as if they are protecting the dark red pistil.
the petals protect the organs of the flower that are in the center.
the bright red petals surround a black center that the pistil rises from.
this flower has large bright rounded red petals with a black ovary and a red pistil.
this flower has red petals and brown stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are red and has black stamen
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are darker near the center.

this cone-shaped flower is surrounded by a fringe of feather-like violet petals.
the petals are purple and spiky, surrounding a large, cone-shaped stigma.
this flower has pointy purple petals and a black and purple ovule
this flower has a spiky purple petal and a long purple stigma
this flower is purple and black in color, and has petals that are sharp and pointy.
this flower has a thick spiked center from which protrude purple jagged leaves.
the upright oblong center is covered with little spikes and is surrounded by lavender spiked petals or leaves.
this flower has pointed purple petals and a tall purple pistil.
a flower with long and spikey leaves that are purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has spiky tips

there are many large white petals on this flower with pretty delicate pink decorations on the edges.
this is a pink and white flower. the flower is more white in the middle and pink at the outside.
this red and white petaled flower has curved petals that are floppy.
this flower is a carnation with pink and white petals.
the flower has white and pink petals which look very soft
this flower has clusters of thick white petals whose edges are pink and ruffled.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with pink streaks.
this flower has pink and white petals wit ruffled edges
this flower is white and pink in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has purple and white petals as well as a green sepal.

this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
a flower with indigo petals and no visible pistils showing.
the flower shown has several blue petals that turn upwards.
this flower has blue lavender folded petals with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and bunched together
this flower has petals that are blue and are folded upwards
this purple ground flower has tight conical petals with a point at the end.
this flower has light green sepals and an upturned blossom with bright blue petals.
this blue flower has pointed petals, green sepals and a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are lighter near the bottom.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower has circular yellow petals with deep orange veins and yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are orange with yellow stamen
these flower has unique petals with a peach color and orange veins leading to yellow fringe-like stamen.
the flower has orange petals vein like patterns on them which are a darker orangish shade and the stamen is yellow
a flower with short and wide petals that are orange.
this flower consists of 5 petals with a sunburst color scheme of yellow at the extremities and orange towards the center of each petal.
this flower has five rounded orange petals with red veins and slight ruffling.
a flower with five round pink petals that surround a cluster of white stamen.
this flower has round yellow petals with orange veins, and the bottom petals have small yellow spikes at the base.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has a randomly arranged layer of light blue petals.
the flower has lavender petals that are long and wilted.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and are curled along the edges.
this flower has a green sepal, a green pedicel, light purple petals, and white anthers.
this flower has light blue petals that are folded over each other along with a lightly colored stigma.
this flower has white petals with shades of light purple in them with a white sigma.
a flower with very light purple petals that are curled in different directions.
this is a flower with lavender petals and a lavender pistil.
the pale purple petals of this flower droop down towards the pedicel.

this flower has small white and peach petals as its main feature
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
this flower has several layers of peach colored petals with yellow centers and pointed tips.
the flower shows many petals from pink on the outside to yellow in the middle with small stamen.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
there multiple levels of petals with orange levels and the top level is yellow.
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are layered.
a multiple layer of petals with a yellow center for this flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this particular flower has petals that are dark orange with a yellow center with dark green leaves

the flower has a smooth purple petal with white pollen tubes and yellow anther
the flower has petals that are pink with white filaments.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are striped with veins.
the petals of the flower form a radial symmetry around the floral appendages.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this pink flower has rounded petals and white and yellow stamen.
this flower has a cross-like formation of light pink petals with darker veins and a yellow ovary.
the pink petals have dark pink veins and are yellow in the center near the yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this is a flower that has round shaped orange petals on it.
the flower is yellow with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamen forming bowl like shape
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange patches
the petals of the flower are bright yellow with tints of dark orange, while the stigma is dark brown.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has orange and red petals around white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
a flower with short and rounded petals that are orange.
this flower has small white stamen and bright orange petals.
this flower has orange and red petals, brown anther filaments and green leaves.

this flower is white and yellow in color, with one large white petal.
the flower can be identified by its red petals and yellow stamen with a green stigma in the middle.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with yellow near the center
this flower has white petals with a yellow center and white filaments.
this bright white flower has a hexagonal shape with one large petal all the way around a yellow receptacle.
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is a golden yellow
this flower has white stamen, a yellow ovary, and a white wheel-shaped petal.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
singular white petal with deep creases and yellow in the center of the flower show a very light colored pistil and stamen.

this flower has a large pink petal and small yellow stamen
the flower has peach petals with spots of dark purple and a green pedicel
the flowers have pink and red petals with white filaments.
this flower is peach colored and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower is peach colored petals with white and a light yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are orange and has a yellow center
this flower hs pink and white petals, orange stamen and an orange anther filament.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
this flower has round pale pink petals that are a deeper red color towards the ovule.
these flowers have pink petals with greenish yellow stamen in the center.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are red with short stamen
this flower has five wide petals with round edges in a dark red color.
this flower has dark pinkish red connected petals and a center that is black.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has dark lines
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wilted and wavy.
this flower has red petals and an hollow pistil, and green sepals.
this flower has dark red petals and small short filaments.
this flower has five conjoined soft rounded petals in dark red shades.

the flower shown has white and purple pointy petals and pollen tube
flower with feathery purple outer petals and center composed of many tiny flowers.
this is a purple flower with a coan shaped mittlea
this flower has spiky purple petals and what looks like an mini acorn for a stamen.
this unique-looking flower appears to have prickly petals and a unique core.
this flower has a prominent large pistil and lots of spiky light purple petals with jagged edges.
this purple flower has many pointed petals and a green and white stamen.
the petals of the flower are pointy with a purple feather like texture.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green style
this flower has a thick green center surrounded by purple spiked leaves.

the flower has a single petal and its red in color with stalk the center.
the petals on this flower are red with a white pistil.
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with big white stigma
this is a strange flower with a single, red petals and a white stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a white pistil.
this flower is red and white in color, and has a single large petal.
the red tip stigma of the pollen tube is long in the red petal of flower
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this flower has a single large red petal with prominent veins and a thick upright white pistil.

this pretty flower has five big pink petals and is horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has a pink petal with a dark pink stamen in the center
a flower with pink petals and pink anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has a star shaped configuration that is bright pink.
the petals of the flower are pink and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
this flower has pink petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has small pink flowers and long pink stamens.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower is pale purple in color and the anthers are yellow.
this flower has a yellow center surrounded by wide pink petals with rounded edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this is a purple flower with eight petals and yellow filaments.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and oval shaped.
this flower has pale purple petals with a dark yellow stamen.
this flower has light purple petals as well as yellow anthers.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has long red petals that are faintly colored.
a red and orange flower with large green sepal and with stamen.
outer petals are green in color,inner petals are red in color
this flower has petals that are red with many layers and pointy edges
this flower has many long green pointed sepals underneath pointed red petals.
this flower is red and green in color, and has petals that are pointed on the tips.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
this flower has red petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has ascending layers of thick and spiky red petals set upon thick green sepals.

this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are vibrant near the ovary.
petals are light pink in color,a prominent pistil with yellow stamen and red stigma
the flower is pink with petals that are soft and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
this flower has large pink petals and long orange stamen and stigma in the center
this pink and red flower has rounded petals and a red and yellow stigma.
this unique flower has semi-circular shaped pale pink petals with a long yellow stamen shaped center with orange stigma located on top.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a big style
this flower has light pink petals with dark pink centers and a long, yellow stamen with pink tips.
this flower has a tall yellow pistil, a red ovary, and light pink petals.

this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are short and pointed.
there are many overlapping pale violet petals, with very prominent green stigmas in the center and many branching sepals around the petals.
a flower with white and blue petals and green anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has petals that are pale blue and pointed.
this flower has pointed blue petals with the darkest blue on the tips and spiky green leaves.
this flower is blue and white in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
this flower's petals are round and white close to the pistil, but light purple at the tips where the form a point. the filaments, anthers, and pistil are bright green.
the petals of the flower are light blue to the top, and have shades of white and yellow near the base.
this flower has white and blue petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are blue and has green stamen

this trumpet shaped flower has five large pointed blue petals which ruffle slightly.
this trumpet-shaped dark blue flower has a yellow central pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are blue with green stigma
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
this flower has a large stamen and dark blue petals that have a black streak from the base of the petal to the center.
the petals are pointed and violet with a long style, and short stems.
this five petal flower has deep cone shaped ovaries and yellow anthers.
deep blue trumpet flower with a prominent white pistil and thick green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white style
this flower has funnel shaped blossoms with bright blue petals and large white pistils.

this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has thick orange petals as its main feature.
this orange and yellow flower has long pointed petals and yellow stamen.
the flower has petals that are dark orange with yellow center.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this orange flower has many yellow stamens and ten long narrow petals.
this orange flower has pointed petals and many densely clustered yellow anthers.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
the flower has many long oval orange petal and yellow stamen.

this single flower has round shaped petal and the color yellow
this flower has large yellow petals and yellow anthers and stigma in the center
a flower with yellow petals accompanied by yellow anther filaments and pistils.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
yellow heart-shaped petals make up this flower; the anatomy in its center are all also yellow.
small, yellow petals with yellow anthers, a yellow stigma and a green pedicel.
this flower has pure yellow petals, yellow ovule, yellow anther filaments and stamen and a yellow-green pedicel.
every part of this flower is yellow except for the pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.

the flower shown has blue petals and several white filament.
pedicel are green,petal are blue in color woith dark anthers
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals on this flower are purple with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue and folded together
this flower has petals that are blue and has purple stamen
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are ruffled and curled.
a purple flower with flopped over violet petals on a green pedicel.
this flower has blue purple petals with white stripes.
there are blue pedals with a long narrow and almost harry appearing pedicel.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow stigma
petals are p[ink in color,prominent pistil with yellow anthers and red stigma
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pistil and also the petals has curly edges
this flower has five petals that are frilly on the edges, pink shaded darker on the edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has five large pink petals with a fly on one of them and a long pink pollen tube with yellow stamen attached to it.
this bright pink flower has pedals all around with darker pink in the very middle and a large yellow stigma coming up in the middle.

this flower has numerous yellow stamen surrounded by long red petals.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the green leaves around the flower are huge, the flower has medium orange pedals with the stigma of yellow.
this dark orange flower has star shaped petals and center filled with short stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has a dense center of yellow surrounded by a ray formation of oblong orange petals.
the petals of the flower are orange in color and have leaves that are green.

this pink flower has the lengthy petals which holds the stamen at the center with the pink anther at the tip
the plant has petals that are curled and are needle shaped with larger anthers pink in color
the flower shown has purple petals which are its main feature
this flower has petals that are pink and very tin
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and curled.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin pink petals which curl slightly backwards.
the long pink petals are curled at the tips and the anther is deep pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin

the flower has a bunch of violet colored petals with some dots of black and purple in the inner portion.
this large lavender flower has a light purple receptacle that extends outward into the lavender, connected petals shaped almost like the bottom of a bell.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has large blue flowers and a few anthers in the center
a large somewhat-trumpet shaped flower with slightly curling blue petals that have a purplish and yellow spotted pattern near the base.
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a trumpet shape of bluish purple petals with purple spots in the middle.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
a purple flower with many petals that form an enclosure around a yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has shades of green

this flower has thick red petals as its main feature.
this flower is red in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has large orange petals and an orange stigma in the center
this flower has large, veined red petals with protruding yellow stigma.
this flower has wide, rounded red petals which have darker veins throughout.
this flower has a few red petals that are broad and round in shape, which surround a cluster of gold colored stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange and has long stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly red orange in color and the inner stamen is the color orange.
this flower has large red petals with dark veins and rounded edges.

the yellow flower has two layers in which bottom layer is star shaped disc like and supporting the bell shaped fused petal
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
the flower has a long green pedicel and large yellow petals.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the petals on this flower are mostly bright yellow with soft petals.
this flower has veined yellow petals shaped like a cup.
a golden yellow bell shaped flower with a star shaped back.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this yellow flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are red with flowery stigma
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this is a round shaped flower with bright red petals.
the flower has petals that are upright and red with purple stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has a small center pod surrounded by wide red petals.
the large orange-red petals form a cup around the small purple stamens.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big stigma
this flower has a large breddish-orange bowl shaped leaf with small stamens in the center.
this flower has bright red petals with a thick white pistil and thin black stamen.

this flower has the lavender colored string like petals arranged clumsy as a bunch
this flower has green sepal with purple and white petals and green pedicel
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are curled up ward.
this flower is purple and has spikes instead of petals.
the plant is green in color and curls up with layered petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a different style purple flower petals and alternating green leaves
a flower with a lot of long purple pistals with hard leaves.
this flower has thick layers of rounded green petals and a purple top fringe.
this flower has numerous purple and blue spine-like petals and light green pedicels.

the flower has large purple petals that are pointed at the tip.
this flower has white and purple petals with white and green pistil.
this is a flower that has purple petals and a white pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
a purple flower that is curved with a large white stigma center.
a flower with long and wide petals that are pointed and purple.
this flower has overlapping, wide petals in gradating hues of pink and white.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple with some white, green hues.

the petals are dull in color with purple stamens that are more in number
this blossom has several triangular, very thick purple petals topped with very thin petals in a lighter purple hue.
petals are a golden star shape under the tiny stamens and filaments
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has a brown petal and a group of bright purple stamen
this flower has petals that are pink and are very stringy
this flower is purple and brown in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the small flower petals are light purple in cold with pointy brown sepals.
this flower has brown stamen that is overlapped by purple stringy petals.
this flower has thick layers of light purple sepals underneath a disk arrangement of thin purple petals.

this flower has narrow purple petals with black filament and yellow anther.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a lot of purplish petals with yellow at the top
this flower has petals that are ourple with yellow stamen
the violet flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in many layers around clustered stamens
this flower has small oblong purple petals with a ribbed texture.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple stamen
this pink flower has dense many layered and pointed petals and a brown pedicel.
long, slender, and vibrantly pink petals surround the delicate center of the flower.
this is a purple/pink color pedals with rounded ends and a small center of multiple stamen of yellow.

sepals are green in color,petals are smaller in size and ar yellow in color
yellow pedals with dark yellow middle dark long green leaves
the petals of this flower are yellow witha long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
this flower has numerous thread like yellow petals with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
a flower with long and really narrow petals that are yellow.
a flower with a very large yellow ovule at it's center and many thing yellow petals sprouting from it's sides.

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this small flower has upturned yellow petals which are shiny and have smooth rounded edges.
the pedicel carries a single flower which has yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower displays a green pedicel and yellow petals with yellow stamen.
a small yellow flower petals folded around the stigma
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has a very thin green stem with a cupped arrangement of bright yellow petals.
this flower has yellow smooth petals attached to a green pedicel.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower shown has layer of pink petals, and a pink center.
the petals are pink and spine-shaped while the middle has some tints of yellow.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
a flower with layered pink petals, pink stamen,a nd red pedicel
this flower has pointed pink petals and has yellow stamen
the big flower has pink petals that are so soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers forming bowl like shape and are supported by brown pedicel
a flower with long and narrow petals that are pointed.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with pointed petals.
this flower has layers of upturned pink petals with pointed tips.

sepals are greeen in color,petals are purple incolor
the petals of the flower are small and are in various color such as purple and yellow.
the petals on this flower are purple with a dash of yellow.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple with a patch of yellow
this flower has smooth purple petals with round edges and streaks of yellow.
this flower has thin, purple petals that are yellow at the center and a green pedicel.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow patch
this flower has petals that are mostly purple and one that is lightly colored with a little bit of yellow.

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this white flower has point many petals and yellow stamen.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with yellow pistil
the flower has petals that are pointed and white with yellow stamen.
this flower is long white pointed petals with a yellow center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this is a white flower that has hints of pale pink, with layers of oval shaped pointed petals, and a yellow anemone like center.
this flower has dark yellow anther and white pointed petals.
this flower has layers of white petals that have pointed tips.

a flower with yellow petals accompanied by yellow anther filaments and pistils.
the flower is yellow and the stamen and pistil is seen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are multi shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this flower has a yellow start shaped petal and yellow stamen
this flower has bright vibrant yellow petals, a yellow pistil, and short pedicel
this flower has bright yellow petals with yellow stamen and a pistil.
this flower is a bright yellow, with 5 petals that have an even pointed shape, and a structure in the center that comes up high and folds outward in a cup-like shape, with a light green center and yellow stamen and a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
this flower has yellow petals, with bright yellow inner coloration and yellow pistil.

this tear drop shaped flower has one red/pink petal with it's ombre pink stigma sitting at the top.
the flower has a long pollen tube that is pink and thick with shiny red petals.
this flower is red in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with long style
a shiny red flower with a thick petal and a thick stigma sticking out the top.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big style
this flower has a thick upright pistil and a large red petal.
the flower has a single glossy red petal with a large pistol.
this flower is red in color, and has a single large shiny petal.
the stamen is thick and red and the wrinkled, red petal is in a heart shape.

the petals on this flower are pink with orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with orange stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has a large orange spiky pistil with pink petals pointed downwards.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has a single row of long purple petals that surround a brown cone shaped stamen.
the flower has many pink petals, and many orange stamen.
this flower has many pink petals, orange stamen and a green pedicel.
this flower has a round brown center and thin pink petals.

this yellow flower has an abundance of small, long petals and stamens that blend into the petals.
this hardy yellow flower has long petals with the pistil and stamen hidden in the middle.
the flower has petals of a yellowish hue and no visible stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny oval shaped.
man small, slender petals make up a hemispherical bouquet, with yellow pistils and stamen amongst yellow petals, this flower appears as a small cushion.
this flower has yellow shredded petals attached to a green sepal.
a visually bright made up of dozens of small thin and long yellow petals.
this flower has a very large amount of skinny bright yellow petals arranged very tightly together.
the petals are very narrow and long and are all yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower has a round mound of thin yellow petals and yellow hairs.

the flower has petals that are oval and right pink with purple filaments.
this flower has long and purple petals, and has purple stamens with yellow anthers
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has long and narrow purple pedals, the style is a dark purple and it has little yellow anthers which circles the style.
the petals of the flower are pink with yellow anthers on the inside of the flower.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has long and tapered purple petals with slight vertical striations.
this flower has bright purple petals that are slightly ribbed.
this flower has thin, long violet petals and yellow stamen
a purple and white flower with a black and gold center.

the wavy pink petals on this flower are attached by a thick green pedicel.
this flower had petals that are pink with ruffled edges
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven.
this flower has pink petals and green sepal as its main features
the light purple flower has alternating petals jutting out at different angles.
this pink flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled at the edges
these flowers are bright pink/purple and have petals that look ripply.
this flower has bright pink petals with a smooth texture and a few curled edges.

the petals are billowy and white with long yellow stamen in the center.
this medium white flower has fluttery layered petals and a yellow stamen
the flower has white petals and the filaments are yellow with brown anthers.
the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow anther and lighter filament
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are curled backward.
the petals of this flower are white and overlapping around a yellow pistil.
this flower has wide overlapping white petals which are soft and rounded.
this flower has large yellow stamen and smooth white petals.
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flat waxy leaf shaped flower has a white and red corn shaped stamen.
the wide, flat, shiny single heart shaped petal surrounds a green and orange stigma that points upward.
white flower with a colorful style in the center.
the flower shown has a wide white petal with a white and orange pollen tube
prominent stamen on this flower with waxy looking white leaves.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower has a large white petal with lots of veining and a very thick stigma.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a big stigma
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a shiny, white petal with many veins and a long, cream-colored stamen.

the pink flower has petal that is fused, soft, smooth, thin and enclosing stamens
this flower has petals that are pink with small stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this is a large pink flower with white near the ovary.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the ovary.
this flower has large pink petals and a small white stigma.
bright pink flower with big petals that expose a light pink receptacle.
this flower has a large funnel-shaped pink petal with rounded edges and a light colored ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center
this bright pink flower is very thin, with one continuous petal instead of many.

the flower shown has a large yellow pistil with white and pink petals
the flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl like shaped inner layer and outermost layer is forming disc like shape
the petals of this flower are white with pink tips.
this flower has petals that are white with pink shading and yellow stigma
this flowers yellow center is surrounded by upturned layers of white petals with pointed pink tips.
this flower has a wide yellow pistil in the center of ascending cupped layers of white petals with pink tips.
this flower has white petals with light yellow tips and a bright yellow stamen.
this simple flower has a bright yellow stamen and is complimented with pale white petals with pink tips.
this flower has long tapered white petals with very pale pink tips.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are large, red and pointed with yellow centers.
the flower shown has bright red petals as its main feature.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the leaves on this plant at the top turn brilliant colors making them appear as if they had very large flowers, this one happens to be red.
this flower is red, with pointy, long petals that surround green stamens.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this bushy plant has many large red petals all over itsself
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red and has small yellow stamen
this flower has very red long point petals with yellow anthers.

this flower is a very pretty pink, the many leaves clustered together is beautiful.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy and bunched toghether
this flower has a large red pedal and a dark red pistil
the petals of this flower are pink and no stamen are visible.
the flower had a large pink bloom that is made of pink petals that have ruffled edges.
this flower has layers of wide red petals whose edges are slightly ruffled.
this red flower has toothed petals and green sepals and pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled and bunched.
this flower has petals that are red and is ruffled together
this flower has many ribbon shaped reddish petals that cover the darker stamen.

the flower is pink with its petals forming dense layers in the centre and gradually layering in loose manner towards the outer region
the flower is made of overlapped petals that are pink in color.
this flower has vibrant pink clustered and curled petals surrounding the receptacle on a strong thorny stem.
this is a pink flower with long curled petals and a green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has pink layered petals that are attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are bunched together
this flower has multiple layers of smooth pink petals with curled edges that are wrapped tightly around each other.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled back along the edges.
the petals of the flower are slightly curved, and are a bright pink color.

this is a flower with white petals that have a purple stripe down them.
this flower has purple and white petals and a purple and green ovule
the petals are pointed and white with a light purple strip going down the middle of each petal while the stamen is a dark purple.
this flower has white petals and purple pistil as its main features
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pink in the center.
a flower with white petals with a pink stripe in the middle and purple stamen.
this flower has six football-shaped petals, white with purple stripes down their middle, arranged around short purple stamen, and a deep purple ovule.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink stripe
the six white petals with lavender stripes are are almond shaped and surround a dark purple pistil.
a white and purple flower with 5 petals and a star shape

the flower has large white petals and a small stigma that is green.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are connected together.
this flower has large white petals and a few white stigma in the center
this flower has white petals with white stamen and large green sepals.
the flower is capsule shaped with white colored rounded petals
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this particular flower has petals that are white and light green
this delicate while flower has yellow green pistil and stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are thin and wavy along the edges.
a beautiful white flower that has soft and smooth petals that are fused together and a bunch of stamen are sticking out from the center

this is a purplish-burgundy, five petaled flower that tilts downwards showing the dark veins in the petals.
this flower has small purple petals and little white stamen in the middle
the flower is violet in color and has petals that are separate and arranged around the stamen in overlapping manner forming a bell shape
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are curved downward and have dark veins.
the flower has petals that are drooping and burgundy white yellow filament.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink spots
this flower has large petals that are white and deep pink in color.
this flower has wide pale pink petals with smooth edges and vein accents.
this flower has purple petals speckled with white which encompass yellow stamen.

this flower has large orange petals and dark orange anthers in the middle
the dark yellow flower has two layers of petals that are arranged in a disc like manner arranged around the stamen
this flower has orange petals and red pistil as its main features
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower is a beautiful color orange with overlapping petals.
this flower has many bright orange petals with a brown center.
this flower is a very vibrant orange with a darker orange center and with many petals.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has numerous bright orange finger shaped petals.
this flower with an orange pedaled and a red center.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this white flower with a long pedicel has about four white papery petals and a lot of stamen in the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled
this flower has the white color petals arranged in a simple row with the prominent yellow clumsy stamens at the center
there's a golden yellow flower surrounded by thin, wrinkled white petals, some slightly overlapping.
this white petaled flower with a yellow center containing many filaments.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has small flat white petals around a round yellow and orange pistil
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
a beautiful flower with white petals and a yellow stamen

interesting white flower coming off a green pedicel that has white stamen with red on the end.
this flower has protruding white stamen with slightly teardrop shaped white petals.
the flowers has several white petals with its white stamen tipped with a brown color.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
light smooth small white petals with purple tipped pistil and green pedicels.
this flower has white and pink petals and white filaments with dark magenta anthers.
this flower has small white petals and has long stamen
this flower has distinct white petals with accents of pale pink.
this flower has sparsely arranged smooth white petals and very long white filaments with purple anthers.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white petals and a lot of yellow stamen in the middle
the petals are white with faint yellow edges, reaching vertically around a yellow stamen and black style.
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers and yellow stamen
this flower has white pointy petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has layers of light yellow pointed petals that are upturned slightly and stacked upon each other.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has several layers
this flower has layers of pale yellow upturned petals with pointed tips.
this flower has large white petals and long yellow stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
pedicel is ghreen in color,,flower is white in color and capsule in shape
a flower with singular large ruffled white petal and cluster of white stamen
this flower has long white petals that become more yellow towards the ovule
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has white petals that form a star shape and have a deeper interior with some green coloration.
the flower has white petals with a light brown style.
this flower has a funnel-like shape with white petals and light green veins in the petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower shown has little pink petals with dark pink pistil
the petals of the flower are red in color and have anthers in the center that are red in color.
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
this flower has many overlapping red petals and many red stamen.
this flower has a larg round dark pink center with layers of long narrow dark pink petals and smaller ones near the center.
this flower has petals that are red with dark red stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has many pink petals as well as pink stamen.
this flower has 2 rows of long, thin, pointed, pink petals and a ring of short pink petals around a darker pink center.

the flower has a large white petal and a long pedicle.
the white smooth petal on this flower is the predominant feature
this flower is white in color, with petals that are shaped like a bell.
this flower has white petals which come to a point at the end.
this is an upright white flower with large petals and stigma which cannot be seen.
a white funnel shaped flower with green leaves surrounding it.
this flower has petals that are white and in a bell shape
this flower has very soft conjoined white petals in a rounded star shape.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are white
this flower has white petals with pink pedicel and purple linings.

this orange and yellow flower has overlapping petals and a bunch of stamens.
this flower has petals that are orange with hints of yellow
the flower shown has peach and yellow petals with yellow pistil
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has layers of pale orange petals that turn more yellow on the upper layer.
the petals on this flower are brown and yellow and the pedicel is green
this flower has several overlapping petals that are yellow and dull pink and the anther is a golden yellow.
this flower has peach colored oblong petals that are small and in tight, alternating rows.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.

the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with green stamen
the anthers appear white and the petals are pink in color.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the petals on this flower are pink with white stamen.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and curled upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stigma
this flower has white and pink sepals surrounding a broad, disk-like center.
this flower is made up of multiple light pink long skinny petals.
this flower has petals of pink that are elongated ovals standing around a large center of green and white spikes.

the flower is so big and has petals that are separately arranged around the stamen forming a disc like shape
the flower has several stamens that are long and puple in a round shape.
this flower is purple and orange in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has a large amount of very thin and long light purple petals.
this flower has dozens of thin needle-like purple petals around an orange ovule.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has many small purple-green leaves that surround a large ring of bright purple, skinny petals.
this flower has plenty of dense, pointed,slightly purplish pink petals which are facing outward, with the centermost being slightly hairy. the center of the flower consists of a dense yellowish-orange inward-aiming mass of stamens.
a large purple flower with a tan center in the stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very stringy

petals are purple in color and are oval in shape
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are pointed at the tip.
a blue flower with pointed petals and large green sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen.
the blue flower has petals that are soft,smooth and separately arranged around stamens in single layer forming disc shape
the flower has eight blue petals, and a conic, black pistil.
the petals of this flower are deep purple and the stamen are yellow.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white stamen
this flower is blue in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has large purple petals with a small white pistil.

the flower is blue in color and bell shaped and also stamen is enclosed in the centre
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted near the center.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow shading
this is a small flower that has long blue petals on it.
this blue trumpet shaped flower has dark spotted patterns going down all sides and yellow pollen tubes tucked inside.
this is a light purple flower with one large petal that drupes toward the ground at the tips of the petal.
this flower is blue and black in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green patches
this flower has large blue petals with a streak of green within each petal.
this flower has bright blue petals that have a trumpet-like shape.

the flower shown has white petals along with white anther and filament
these flowers are a pale yellow with fragile papery green veined petals that form a trumpet shape and the anthers are barely noticable.
a star shaped flower that resembles a funnel as the petals are not segmented.
large white flowers with large pointy white petals and white stamen.
flower has one star shaped petal that is white with green lines.
this flower has large white petals and light green veins leading to the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
a simple trumpet shaped white bloom with a ruffled five sided edge and smaller pale green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
a flower with long and connected petal that is white.

this flower has petals that are red with green stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are leaf like
a large pink leafy flower with greenish seed like center with multiple blooms.
this brightly colored red flower has green stamen and stigma, with clear views in the petals.
flower outer petals are green in color,inner petals are red in color
this flower has very large pink petals in varying shapes with prominent veins.
the petals of the flower are red in color while the middle is made of green berries.
a group of red flowers with a couple of green stigmas.
this flower has large light red petals with a light green pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen

this flower has purple and white petals that drop and look like a bell
this flower has petals that are pink with purplespots
this is a pale purple flower with a white spotted inside
this is a cluster of downward pointing pink flowers with white interiors spotted red.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and spotted.
this flower has a bell-like shape that is pink on the outside and spotted with white and dark colors on the inside.
these flowers have clustered lavender bugle shaped petals with brown spots on the inside.
the bell shaped pink flower has fused petals that is soft, smooth and has dark pink spots in the inner surface with white background
this flower has petals that are purple and has red dots

this flower has white anther and pink petals as its main features
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, thin and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen and stigma.
this flower has petals that are pink with a pink style and pink stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a flowery stigma
the petals are pink with deep pink veins and the stamens are dark pink.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that have veins.
the petals on this flower are mostly light pink, with short stamen.
this pink flower has rounded petals and pink stamen with white anthers.

this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow steman
this flower has long white petals with a lot of long yellow stamen in the middle
thus flower's yellow center is surrounded by layers of pointed, upturned yellow petals.
this flower has cone shaped yellow petals as its main feature.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the beautiful white flower has petals that are so soft, smooth and separately and arranged around yellow stamens forming bowl like shape in many layers
this flower has petals that are whiet and has yellow stamen
one flower has soft yellow layered petals and the other flower has lavender petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has yellow petals with orange stamen or purple petals with purple stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has long pink petals and red anthers in it
this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a large stigma
this flower is pink and brown in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower has wilting violet petals as its main feature.
the flower has soft lavender colored petals with orange stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are drooping.
the big flower has pink petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around a bunch of brownish orange stamen
this flower has a simple spaced out row of pink petals with red stamen and narrow light green stems.
this flower has long, thing pink petals and a bulb of bright red stamen

the flower has alternatly arranged red colored petals tha are rounded in shape with large anthers
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has a large red petal with a long pink stamen in the center
this flower has red petals and long filament with large anthers.
reminiscent of a gorgeous oil painting bursting with color this flower has petals and stamen that appear to explode outward and grab your attention.
this flower has reddish petals which are smooth and rounded with slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has bold coral and yellow petals and dark stamen.
this flower has pink petals that have red lines on them
this flower has a green pedicel with light red petals and dark red stamen.
this pink flower has multiple rows of petals with darker pink stripes on the inner petals.

the flower shown has red and pink petals in various sizes
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are layered vertically.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
this flant has large leathery leaves and bright pink flowers shaped like pine cones that open brilliantly.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
a light pink cone shaped flower with many pink petals stacked on top of each other.
the petals of this flower are a vibrant pink hue and the sepals are a dark jade green.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered vertically.
a flower that has multiple pink petals.

the flower is reddish orange with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers around stamens
this flower has petals that are orange with patches of yellow
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are wavy.
this flower has petals that are pale orange and overlapping.
the petals are orange and the stamen are visible.
the petals on this flower are mostly orange with rolling petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are wavy and bunched together.,
this flower has large peach petals surrounding a yellowish pistil.
this flower has wide pale orange petals with a slightly ruffled texture.

this flower has yellow petals with bright green sepal and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are dark yellow with green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow with dark lines
this flower is yellow and purple in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals are bright yellow with patches of brown in the middle, and the petals are flopped downwards.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and curled.
large yellow petals with dark red patterns of color towards the center of the petal.
a flower with long and wide petal that is bright yellow.
this flower has thick and vivid yellow petals with small red accents.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has dark lines

this flower has petals that are dark pink and overlapping.
sepal are green in color,petals are p[urple in color and rounded in shape
this flower has petals that are purple with many layers and folded together
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker at the tips.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have green leaves.
this flower has tight green sepals and multiple layers of bright pink petals with pointed tips.
this flower has vertical layers of thick green petals and pink blossoms.
a configuration of overlapping bright pink petals with a thick green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together upwards
this is a bright pink upright flower has small pointed pedals on a stiff green stem and long green pointed leaves.

this flower has petals that are white with small stamne
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled over at the edge.
pedicel is green in color,flower petakls are white in color and the flower is capsule in shape
this trumpet shaped flower has conjoined white petals which ruffle slightly.
what is cool about this flower is that its petals look like popcorn.
this flower has a white petal with brown stamen in the center of it.
this white flower has pointed petals and green stamen with white anthers.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has a white petal that appears to be conjoined in appearance.
this flower is bright white with a small center and a bit of a scalloped edge.

this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have green leaves.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the flower is on a pedicel which appears to be very point.
this flower has petals that are white with green stamen
this flower has a very prominent green pistil and white petals.
the flower has white petals and green stamen and pistil.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen
this flower has thick wild green leaves and stems and soft white petals.
this flower has small white petals and a large green pistil.

this flower is white and light yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has just a few big petals that are mostly white and brown resembling a mushroom.
this unique trangle shaped flower has a curved brown petal and three striped brown petals.
this blossom appears to grow from a tall stem with narrow leaves, and has three or four wide petals that protrude and then droop down.
pink leaves with magenta veining on some, and yellow stamen.
there is a plane white pedal as well as a white pedal with deep brown veins.
this flower has three smooth petals that have pink and yellow stripes and one larger solid light pink petal.
a pistil and pink petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
this flower has a brown and yellow petal attached to a large white pedicel.

the flower has overlapping flowers that are pink in color and are curled
this pink flower has numerous petals that are tightly furled in the center but looser near the pedicel.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has light pink petals an no visible outer stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
a light pink pedal flower with a large center on stem.
this flower has light pink petals that intertwine around each other.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has layers of large wide pale pink petals with curled edges.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are curved out ward.
this flower has red petals that look like individual leaves
this flower has bright red orange petals with a distinctly yellow inner style area.
the blooms of the flower are made up of bright red petals and have green leaves.
large, red, round petals on stems surround small, delicate pistils, with five or six petals.
a flower with long and wide petals that are red.
this particular flower has petals that are red and yellow
this flower has large and smooth red petals with delicate rounded edges.
this flower has rounded bright red petals in an overlapping wheel configuration surrounding short red stamen and a yellow ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

this flower has vivid orange petals with a yellow stigma, anthers and filaments.
the flower has smooth orange petals with yellow sepal and green pedicel
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower has dark orange petals and lighter orange stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow stamen
this flower has orange petals that has long yellow stamen
this flower has bright orange petals with deeper colored orange streaks on them and green leaves along the base.
this flower has five wide and ruffled petals in a vivid shade of orange-red.
this flower has petals as well as a sepal. it is in orange color.
this flowers have bright orange petals with slightly pointy tips and yellow stamen in the center.

this flower has a light purple petal with a bright yellow stigma
about six purple petals for a tubular shaped flower with yellow stamen in the center.
the flower shown has purple and white petals, and an orange pollen tube.
close to the ground this flower has pale purple petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has spoon shaped purple petals that fade to white towards a yellow center, with several stamen present.
the rounded petals are purple at the edges and white towards the yellow stamen.
this flower has small purple and white petals with long yellow stamens.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has beautiful lavender outer petals and white inner petals with bright yellow filaments and anthers.

this flower has petals that are pink with white dots
a checkered flower with light purple squares on it's petals.
this bell shaped flower has deep purple petals with numerous white spots.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
flower has red petals that are drooping with white dots.
this downward hanging flower with a single layer of petals has deep red petals with pink spots all over it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink dots
this dark pink flower has lots of white spots and an upside down facing blossom.
the petals on this flower are mostly spotted red and white in color.
the petals of this flower are red and white and the pedicel is green

this flower has ruffled black stamen surrounded by wide rounded red petals.
a wilted dark red flower with black filaments and yellow stamen
a flower with large circular red petals, a central yellow stigma, and clustered deep brownish red stamen.
this flower is red and black in color, and has petals that are shaped like a circle.
the bright yellow pistil contrasts with the numerous dark stamen in this round red flower.
this flower is a broad orange shape surrounding black filaments and a yellow center.
this red flower has rounded petals, blue stamen and a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a bright red petal and brown stamen with a yellow stigma.
this flower has bright orange petals with black stamen and a thick yellow pistil.

this flower has petals that are burgundy with white edges and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with white edges
the petals of the flower are trimmed in white while the inside is pink in color.
the flower shown has white and purple petals with white pistil
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white edges
this is a white flower that turns dark pink toward the receptacle.
the petals of the flower are white on the outer edge and maroon on the inside.
this pink and white flower has dense multi-layered petals with white stamen.
these flowers have pink and white petals with white green tipped stamen in the center of them.

this flower has petals that are yellow and are pointy
thus flower has very sharplybpointed, thick yellow petals which point upwards.
the yellow pointed petals appear as a bird flying, with the purple pointed petal adding color.
this yellow flower has drastically pointed petals and no visible center.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has sharp, long yellow petals and a protracted green sepal.
a spiky gray and yellow flower that was attached to leaves.
this flower has tall thick, very spiky petals in bright yellow hues.
this flower has pointy long yellow petals and one sepal
this flower has yellow pointy petals rising out of a leaf like the wings of a hummingbird.

this purple flower features many narrow purple petals with crinkles surrounding a purple stigma and many yellow stamen.
the flower has many petals that are bright pink with yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow anther and bright purple petals as its main features
these flowers are like eyes staring at you with bright yellow and purple stamen and beautiful violet petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has bright purple petals with dark purple stamen and yellow anthers.
this flower has a single layer of vibrant purple petals that have a ribbed texture and oblong shape.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower has a thick white pistil surrounded by a pointed white petal with a pale pink center.
this flower has petals that are white with red towards the middle
this flower has white, cup-shaped petals and a light pink pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has one large thick white petal as its main feature.
a heart shaped white colored flower with a stigma in center.
this flower has a white stamen and a thick white petal with pointed tip and blush pink center.
this white and pink flower has a pointed petal and a white and yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, and has a single large heart shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a small style

these flowers have petals that start off white in color and end in a dark purple towards the tips.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
the petals on this flower are white with purple fringes.
this flower has purple edges on the petals with white filament and dark anthers
indigo margin on white petals with a distinct dark brown tip on the many white stamens.
this flower has blue and white petals with blue stamen in the center of it.
the flower is purple and white with multiple white stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges
this flower has white petals with purple tips, deep purple anther filaments and white and purple stamen.

a large petal flower with a large amount of petal and larger stamen
this flower has many larger, violet, outer petals with a cluster of smaller, lighter purple petals in the center.
these large flat blue flowers have lots of little blue petals.
the flower is made of small purple petals as well as small white filaments.
this white and purple flower has a dense set of petals right through to its center.
this flower has a rounded mound of lavender colored petals which are tiny and ruffled.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this purple flower has rounded leaves, with a lighter colored center.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled together
this flower has hundreds of small petals that explode from the center out, starting with white and ending in purple.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are white and pointed, with yellow stamen.
this flower has white think petals and yellow and red stamen and a yellow green pistil.
the beautiful flower is white and has soft, thick, smooth petals and has stamens in the centre
this large flower has broad white leaves and a smallish, almost hidden stamen that is slightly green.
this flower has lifting petals that are white shading to a delicate pink.
this flower has layers of upturned white petals with slight pink accents.
this flower has white petals wit light pink tinges on the bottom and a green stigma,
the stamen is light green with gold filament, surrounded by oval shaped white petals.
this flower has white layered petals with orange and green stamen in the center.

this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has thin bright yellow petals with green leaves.
the flower petals are needle shped and yellow in color and closely oarked togther
this rounded flower has hundreds of long, very thin yellow petals.
this flower has a lot of yellow petals that are long and thin
the petals of this flower are small, long, and yellow and are clustered in a sphere shape.
this flower has thin and stringy yellow petals that form a ball shape
thin yellow petals make up a pom pom like blossom on this flower.
this flower has small yellow petals in a circular shape with a green pedicel.
a flower with several skinny bright yellow petals.

this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
leaves are green in color,petalsa re rpuinded inshape ,red in color with some yelow patch
the petals of the flower are red in color and have yellow centers with green leaves.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow center
the flower shown has red petals and a yellow center.
this flower has small red an yellow petals and a stem showing in the middle.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow center
this flower is made up of red clam shaped petals that have yellow near the stamen.
this flower has bright red petals with yellow at their base arranged in an overlapping circle.

this flower has five slightly curled petals in a circular shape starting with a yellow color at the center of the petal and turning white on the end of the petal.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have yellow details on them.
this flower is white and yellow petals and have a plastic look to them
a hardy white pedal, overlapping and clustered together with a bright yellow cascading out onto the pedals from the center.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has five very rounded, smooth white petals with yellow centers.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that have slightly curled white edges and yellow centers.
this flower has white and yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edhes

this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted and wrinkled.
this white flower has smooth petals and a bunch of stamens.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower has white petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals that has a bushy yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
a flower with long and wide petals that are wrinkle.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wilted and wrinkled.

the petals on this flower are purple with brown and white spots.
a cone of white petals with purple blotches sporadically, and yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the bell shaped pink flower has fused petals and has dark pink spots in the inner region
this flower has petals that are lavender and bell shaped with purple spots.
these flowers have yellow and white petals with brown spots on the inside of them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
this flower has lavender to white bell shaped petals that are white and dark purple spots in the center.
the vase shaped petals range from green to light purple and have dark purple spots and the sepals are green.
this flower has wide-mouthed p[ale purple trumpet shapes with spots inside.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have leaves that are green.
these are pink and purple flowers with flat petals and dark stigmas.
the petals are bright purple while the stamen is yellow and sepals are green.
this flower has petals that are pink with small white stamen
the flower has petals that are purple with yellow stamen.
large, pink petals with small, white anthers and green pedicels.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
this is a pink flower with five petals that gets dark pink toward the receptacle.
this flower has five small round pink petals in an evenly spaced arrangement.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower has small yellow petals in a ball shape as its main feature
a flower with small yellow petals and no visible anther filaments or pistils.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
the flower center is circular with many long and skinny yellow pedals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has layers of yellow fringe-like petals and central hairs.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a yellow stamen.

this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that are red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
this flower has orange and yellow petals as its main features
the petals on the flower are yellow with red stripes and have thin orange filaments.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a brown stripe.
this magnificent flower has layers of of orange, red and brown petals with orange stamen.
this flower has many petals that taper to a point with a red stripe down the center and yellow edges.
this flower has yellow petals that has red lines on them
a flower that has long and narrow petals that are yellow with orange streaks.
this flower has orange petals with red stripes and orange stamen.

this flower is yellow and brown in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this large blossom is round with narrow yellow petals surrounding a large brown center.
this flower has many yellow oval shaped petals coming out of a large green ovule with many brown stamen and pollen tubes.
the flower has yellow petals with dark anther and filament
the petals on this flower are yellow in color with no many visible stamen.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a purple stamen.
this flower has a wide brown center surrounded by thin yellow petals.
this flower has a large center featuring hundreds of brown stamens and several yellow petals circling the outside edge.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the flower has many thin oval yellow petals and black stamen.

this flower has white pistil and a bright red petal as its main features
this flower has petals that are red with big style
a flower with a singular red petal and towering white stigma
this flower has a single heart shaped red petal holding a thick straight pistil at the middle
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a tall white stamen and a shiny red petal with pointed tip.
the flower has a flat red petal and a long red stamen perpendicular to the petal.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a long style
the petals of this flower are red and wrinkled and the pistil is tube like and white

the brightly colored petals are narrow and arranged in layered rows around the many stamen.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by layers of long yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has long and thin yellow petals and anthers in the middle
the lively yellow and orange flowers are in a green vase.
this flower has golden petals all around it with tiny golden filaments that almost look like hair.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has many layers
this flower has red and yellow petals as well as a red and yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.

this small pinkish flower has several layers of petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the flower has many petals on it and are pink in color and also stamen are seen.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has layers of pink petals, and yellow anthers.
this flower has pink petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded and layered.
this flower has reddish looking petals. with yellow stimiga
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of bright pink rounded petals with a smooth texture.

this flower has large white and pink petals surrounding purple smaller petals and a large green pistil.
this flower has white petals, purple stamen, and a bright green stigma in the center
this flower is pink and light green in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower as spikes points with round edges and pink and purple in color
a flower with cupped white and pink individual petals, and large green anther filaments.
this flower has petals that are pink and purple and has stringy stamen
the flower has green stamen and light pink and white petals.
this flower has tall green stamen, blue filaments, and white and pink petals.
a flower with two sets of petals, one set of petals is flat and light green and the other is purple and thin.
this flower is pink, white, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has purple cup-like petals that curl out at the tips with a singular pollen tube in the center.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
the petals are purple and the flower itself is like a bell.
the flower shown has purple bell-shaped petals as its main feature.
the cupped shaped petals are a vibrant purple color, and the stamen is a light green color.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a bell shape
this flower has a rounded trumpet shape with a wide purple mouth.
a velvet bell shaped flower with gray stigma in center.

this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are more pink towards the tips.
a small pink and white flower; the petals fade from pink to white.
this flower has petals that are pink and folded together in the center
this flower has several layers of wide white petals with pointed pink tips.
the flower has a a lot of white colored petals with mostly pink shades towards its tips.
a large cup shaped flower with pink and white pedals.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink shading
these petals are ivory white with a blush pink that runs from the middle to the tip of the petal.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white and pink petals with a dark green pedicel.

this flower has a bright pink petal and is without a visible stamen
a flower with pink petals and no pistils or anther filaments in sight.
a flower with bright pink petals with no set pattern, green sepals, and with green pedicel.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
these unique bright pink blossoms are set against mottled greyish green leaves.
a hot pink flower with thick oval petals and no visible stamen or pistil.
this flower has pink petals as well as a green sepal.
these flowers have long, thin, magenta pink petals and black styles.
the delicate, rounded petals have not fully opened to reveal the stamen and anthers.
this flower is pink in color, with curly and oval shaped petals.

this flower has petals that are pale yellow, with a dark yellow bell shaped petal.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and bell shaped
this bell shaped yellow flower has a dark green pedicel and star shaped petals.
the petals of the flower are formed in a cup shape, and have a light yellow tone.
this flower has a yellow bell-shaped blossom surrounded by pointed yellow petals.
this pale and bright yellow flower has toothed and pointed petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is bell shaped
this flower has bright yellow petals that have a trumpet shaped petal at the center.

the flower shown has a bright blue petal with white pistil in the center
this flower has petals that are blue with patches of green
this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovule.
a blue flower with a green and yellow pollen tube with a brown pedicel.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have a pistil that is yellow in color.
this flower has bright blue petals with green shading and dark spots along with a prominent white pistil.
this flower has a cone like shape with blue petals, the pistil is in the center with a yellow style and a green stigma.
this flower has petals that are blue and has yellow style
this flower has a wide-mouthed trumpet shape and curling blue petals.
this flower has bright blue petals in a bell shape, with green and black spots inside.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals are smooth, white, slightly curved, and has streaks of brown on the inside.
this is a flower with long ruffled white petals on it.
this flower has petals that are white and bell shaped
this flower has white petals with a bell shaped center petal that has uneven edges.
the flower has white petals which form a vase shape and long green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white and has a bell shape
the flower has a white petals with many stamens gathered together
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.

the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a dark pink center.
there are five pale pink petals with a darker pink center.
pink petals that turn magenta on the inside and a greenish stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are wavy and spotted.
a flower with pink and white petals and white central stamen
the flower has five light pink petals with white veins running through them.
this flower has pale pink star shaped petals with a deeper pink center and veins.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
a flower with long and pointed petals that are light purple.
this flower has light pink colored petals with a dark pink ovary.

this flowers has bright orange alternating leaves of equal size.
this flower has petals that are orange with green stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have darker veins.
orange and red petals white middle green leaves
a flower with open orange and red petals with white stamen cluster at the center
this flower has petals that are orange and has green stamen
the petals of this flower are orange and red and the pedicel is green
this flower has tiny orange petals with rounded edges and delicate veins.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has small orange and red petals with small white stamens.

the flower has many petals that are yellow with yellow stamen.
this thin peddle flower has a very bright yellow peddles.
this flower has a lot of small yellow petals and a lot of yellow stamen
this bright yellow flower has lots of tiny thin petals in rows.
the flower has many tiny and long petals of different sizes.
this flower has a large number of very thin yellow petals.
this flower has layers and layers of very thin fringe-like yellow hairs and petals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are skinny and bunched together.
bright yellow stamen center and matching thin long clustered petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy

this flower has purple stamen surrounded by triangular purple petals with leaflike striations.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pink with veins.
the flower has petals that are dark pink with white stigma.
this flower has a bright purple petal with purple stigmas on them
the flower has pointed magenta petals and pink pollen tubes.
this flower has long raspberry pointed leaver with yellow anther and red stigma.
this flower has sharply pointed sepals that are very bright purple and tiny white petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma
the petals of this flower are dark purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.

a flower with bright blue leaves and a blue stamen
the flower's petals are blue with a little green and has a yellow stamen.
this flower is blue and black in color, with petals that are spotted near the ovary.
this flower has petals that are blue with green patches
this flower has five medium size ruffle edged blue petals with a bright yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green spots
this flower has bright blue pedals with yellow and lighter blue striped at the base.
this blue flower has rounded petals and a white anther with a green pedicel.
this flower has five conjoined star-shaped petals which are ruffled and brilliant blue in hue.
a flower with electric blue petals with touches of green surrounding an off white stamen in the center

layers of yellow petals with no discernible pistils or stamen.
a flower with yellowish petals and no anther filaments or pistils visible.
the petals of this bloom are pale yellow to orange and are medium with with pointed ends.
this flower has numerous overlapping layers of pale, pointed yellow petals.
a very flat flower with buttery yellow pointed petals that are layered upon each other to create a depth to the flower.
this flower has a couple of layers of lightly colored petals that are arranged closely together.
the petals of the flower are a dark yellow color, and have stripes of light orange on the top petals.
the petals of this flower are yellow and white and the pedicel is green
this flower has a mass of upturned peach colored petals with yellow undertones.
this flower has petals that are white and are very thin

this flower has petals that are white with short steman
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a green sepal.
this flower has a white petal with a white colored stamen
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that have yellow veins.
this flower has white petals and light green veins and green pedicels.
a white petal flower with green sepal, and green, fuzzy pedicel.
this flower has conjoined white petals with green veins and soft ruffled edges.
the petals are white with green veins and the sepals are a dusty sage green color.

the petals on this flower are white with white stigma.
three petaled, white flower.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower has white pistil and smooth white petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
the delicate flower features large white petals that are pointed and green filaments with white anthers.
a white flower with three petals that are leaf shaped and three light green stamen with white stigma.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has three broad petals of bright white with large stamen tipped with white.
this flower has petals that are white and has green stamen

the petals of the flower are yellow in color and have stems that are green in color.
yellow petals little green leaves
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this plant has an abundance of thin, yellow petals and green sepals.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has a rounded mound of yellow hairs and long thin yellow petals.
this flower has many long narrow yellow petals and a green sepal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is very stringy

this is a white flower with ruffled edges and a purple center.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are purple near the center.
this is a flower with white outer petals and purple inside the trumpet of the petal
this flower has a large white petal with purple on the inside that give the flower a trumpet like appearance.
the flower has a long green pedicel and long white petals.
the pedals are white with a narrow downward facing bell shape. inside the bells the pedals are a deep purple shade.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple shading
this flower has frilly white trumpets with a dark magenta purple in the throat.
this flower has a tall trumpet shaped center petal with a purple interior surrounded by smooth white petals.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.

a flower with bell like purple and white petals and green pedicel
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are shaped like bulbs
this collection of bell shaped flowers on a long green stalk are clustered together.
the purple flower has petals shaped like grapes that get larger progressively from top to bottom
the flower has petals of a purple color and they are bell shape.
this flower is a bluish shade of purple with many small, cupped petals.
a different shape purple flowers with a green pedicel and flowers are bloom continuously
this is a purple flower with bead cluster shaped purple pedals.
this purple flower has many oval-spherical purple ovaries coming out of its stem, with white star-shaped tops.
this flower has petals that are purple and is bunched together

the beautiful red flower has petals that are soft,smooth and separately arranged different layers forming disc around clustered yellow stamens
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the sepal and pedicel have a pinkish purple color while the roundish petals are a beautiful bright crimson.
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower has a couple of layers of bright red oblong red petals and short yellow filaments.
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that ore layered and oval shaped.
this is a red flower with oval-shaped petals and many yellow stamens.
this red flower has pointed pedals and a maroon pedicel.

5 purple and red pedals, with pink stamen covered in small drops of water.
this flower has large pink petals and a few dark anthers in the center on a stamen
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has thick purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are purple with long stamen
this delicate looking flower has pink petals that are speckled with dark pink spots around the stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has long stamen
this flower has light pink petals with dark pink spots on a single petal, and brown anther filaments.
this bright pink flower has petals and a pistil.
this flower has five petals arranged in a star-like fashion with a light pink coloring and darker pink spots.

a flower with splayed open pink petals, pink filaments, and white anther
this flower has long thin pink stamen surrounded by very thin pink petals which curl backwards.
lights purple petals light purple middle
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very thin
a flower with long and narrow petals that are light purple.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
group of light purple of bell shaped flowers with pedals curls on the tip.
this pale pink flower has long thin petals in a cone shape.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.

this flower has white petals that turn green towards the center and visible white pistil and stamen.
the flower is white and the stamen are not visible.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow lines
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower has curled petals that are white and green.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and a white and yellow green pistil.
this flower has white star shaped petals that are pointed on the ends with a green center and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
a flower with connected petals that are pointed and white.
this flower has white petals as well as a white pistil.

the petals on this flower are a deep reddish color and cover the pistil.
this wine colored flower has large overlapping petals surrounding darker wine colored stamen and a moss green sepal.
the burgundy petals are overlapping each other while wrapped around the dark stamen.
the flower has a purple colored petal with black anther and filament
this flower is pink in color, with petals that have veins.
this burgundy colored flower's petals are closed downwards around a center of dark colored stamen.
this flower has reddish overlapping petals that are not fully blossomed with yellow sepals at the bottom and seems to be a dark red stamen in the middle.
this flower has petals that are purple and has pink lines
this flower has a light green sepal, black stamen, and deep pink petals.
the sepal is dark green holding dark red or purple petals that are drooping down, and the tips of the darker purple anthers are just visible.

a fragile purple round flower with several petals and a brighter purple center with yellow reproductive structures in the middle.
this flower is vibrant purple and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower has a purple petal with yellow and green stamen in the center
the flower has petals that are purple with yellow anthers.
this flower has beautiful purple petals and a green ovule
purple petals with a dark purple pentagon shape in the center and five yellow anthers visible with a green pistil in the middle.
this flower has a five-pronged arrangement of short yellow stamen with a central green pistil surrounded by rounded purple petals.
this is a gorgeous lilac colored flowerwith small anthers and a dark ovule in the middle
the petals of this flower are violet and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink and folded together
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white on the edges.
this flower has pink and white petals with a greenish brown stem.
the flower shown has pink and white petals that turn upwards.
pedicel are dark green in color ,petals are oval in shape and are dark purple in color
this flower has bright pink petals that are edged with white.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are white along the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
the flower has soft oval petals that are pink with white edges.
this flower has pink petals with white edges that overlap each other and close around the center of the flower.

this pretty flower has small orangish petals with white seeds in the middle
a cluster of flower petals in deep gold and orange shade with a beige center.
this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with white stamen
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange and have white stamen
this flower has four round orange petals with slightly darker veins and white stamen.
this flower is orange in color, and has petals that have veins.
the flower has burnt orange petals with dark red veins running through them.
this flower has orange petals as well as a white stamen.

these petals are light purple and are rough at the tips.
the purple flower has soft looking petals on it.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wrinkled towards the edges.
this flower has multiple small lavender petals with rounded, slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has lavender petals with a green stem and white stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and very wilted.
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
this purple flower has many ruffled petals with many thin stamen protruding from the center.
this flower has lavender petals with white filaments and anthers.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.

this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are dark purple with yellow stamen.
a yellow pistil surrounded by wide, purple petals with black stripes through them.
a flower that has tones of purple on its petals, with a yellow center
this flower has five rounded petals in varying shades of purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and has black lines
this flower has five rounded petals in smooth indigo shades, with a yellow mouth.
the flower has bright purple petals with yellow in the center.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has dark purple petals with smooth round edges.

the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens in many layers
a flower with small thin yellow petals and yellow clustered stamen
the flower has a long green pedicel and dense yellow petals that are small.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are skinny.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very stringy
this flower has a fringe of layers of thin, hair-like yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow.
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is short and green
this flower has a large number of very thin bright yellow petals.

this flower has petals that are white with purple around the edges
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are purple only on the edges.
this is a flower with white petals that are purple at the tips.
the pedals of this flower are white and pink with a short stigma
this flower has white petals which are spotted with purple edges.
multiple rows of white with purple highlighted petals getting tighter towards the stamen.
this flower has layers of wide white petals whose ruffled edges are tipped with purple.
the flower has several layers of petals that are white with purple edges and spots.
this flower has a thin green pedicel with white petals that have purple edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple edges

this flower has 5 large, round, smooth petals that are sparse and overlaps eachother and the color of it's petals are white on the outside edge and turns more yellow towards the middle of the flower.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow centers.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
these blooms each feature 5 petals, white with vibrant yellow centers, and pale green pedicels.
five white petals with oval tips are in a pinwheel formation and the flower also has a yellow throat.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
the beautiful flower has white petals that are soft, smooth, white and arranged in disc like manner in single layer overlapping with other petals
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are perfect multi colored ovals.
this flower has large white petals that turn yellow towards the center.
the petals on this flower are white and the stamen is a bright yellow.

this flower is pink and light orange in color, with petals that are lighter near the center.
the flower has orange and pink petals and long yellow pollen tube.
the flower shown has tan-orange petals that turn pink near the center.
the petals of this flower are orange and have a long stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow with long stigma
the flower has rounded peach petals with pink towards the center and the center has a long peach stamen.
this flower had peach petals with yellow stamen in the center of it blossoming out of a green bush.
this flower has orange and has a patch of purple in the center
this flower has five large, round peach colored petals and a large yellow stamen.
there are five peach-colored petals and a long pistil of the same color.

this flower has five oval petals radiating from a yellow center which directly fade to white.
clusters of white flowers form on a long pedicure, each flower has five petals and each petal is yellow in the center.
this flower has a lot of white petals with a yellow center
this flower has distinctive petals which are smooth and white and yellow in color.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are shaped like a star.
these white blossoms are made up of five petals with white at the edges, graduating to yellow at the base of the petals.
this flower has large white petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
these flowers have five white petals that have yellow closer to the stamen.
this flower has small smooth petals that are white and yellow.

the flower shown has bright purple petals which seem very smooth
this light purple flower has alternating broad and thin petals and prominent, open stigma.
the flower is made of pink petals that curl along the edges and have a light yellow inside.
this lush purple-petaled flower features a covered interior.
the petals are a light purple hue and varied in shape.
this is a light and deep lavender shade with long petals and a center curly shaped center with a touch of yellow and deep purple streaking.
this flower has large pink petals that are a darker pink towards the center.
the pink flower has three fluted petals below two wide petals, and the ovary is on the top of the petals.
this flower has light purple petals with a trumpet shaped petal at the center.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white patches

this flower has a large yellow petal, and a bunch of yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded one the edges.
a yellow flower with yellow pistils and stamen and anther filaments.
this flower has a yellow petal with yellow anther as well and a green pollen tube
this bright yellow flower has a few opened petals, the stamen is a light green and surrounded by many stamens.
this flower has shiny yellow petals which are small and rounded, with smooth edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are thin and rounded in shape.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
a small yellow flower with yellow petals surrounding a light green ovule with many yellow stamen sprouting out of it's ovule.
this particular flower has petals that are yellow and curved

this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that veins.
crinkly but wide and white petal with a sting of green outline in he inside.
this flower has white petals with deep green veins running through them, and a cluster of short pollen tubes with yellow anthers.
this flower has a five sided petal and white stamen.
the flower is white and has fused petals that is forming star shaped and enclosing stamen
this flower has five conjoined petals which ruffle into a star shape, with pale green veins.
this flower has a large white funnel shaped petal with uneven edges.
the small white petals of this flower surround a small cluster of short yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
the ruffled, white petals have green veins and form a narrow vase around green stigma.

this is a white flower with many petals that have pink areas on them.
the petals have curled edges and pink details with white filaments.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white with pink dots
these beautiful flowers is pink and white in color with long stamen
a white and purple group of flowers with very long stigma.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and a pink stigma.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen
the petals of this flower are white and pink and the pedicel is short and green

the green leaves are protruding from the center of the pot, flanked by a long feathery leaf with half green-half pink pigments.
this flower has petals that are green on the bottle half and pink on the top
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointy.
the leaves on this plant are long and green and the petals of the thick leave is pink and green
the flower has very large petals which when mature turn pink.
this flower is mostly purple with long fan like petals
leaflet like floral arrangement is found in this green to pink flower
this flower has a large number of very long, thin green leaves
this pink and green flower has pointed petals, and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are green and has patches of pink

this is a flower with pale pink petals and yellow stamen.
the pretty flower has white petals the fad to pink at their tips.
the flower has light pink petals and a yellow stamen area
light pink flower that has a sandy white look and a yellow center.
the flower shown has purple and white petals with yellow anther
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this pink flower has pointed petals and a bright yellow pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has large pink petals in a star shape around a bright yellow center.
this flower has a wide yellow pistil and layers of pointed pink petals.

the flower is so big and has stamens that are arranged in a disc like manner with curly tips above the petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming a disc
the flower shown has yellow and green pistil with purple petals
the flower has petals that are purple with green stigma and wavy filaments.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has oval purple petals and skinny purple petals on top.
this flower has purple petals, with lavender stamen in the center.
the flower has elongated purple petals with purple squiggly needle shaped on top.
this flower has large purple petals under a thick purple fringe and green stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a purple sepal.
this flower has petals that are purple and a big green style

the flower has red and yellow petals surrounding the yellow anther
i love this flower. it has beautiful two toned pedals, yellow around the edges and a mix between orange and red on the inside of the pedals. the style is a lighter yellow from the pedals.
the petals have a yellow coloring with red spots with a large inner part with yellow many stamens
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a red striped and yellow filaments.
this flower has large, long, tapered yellow petals with center stripes of vertical red.
this red and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stripes
the petals of the flower are yellow and have a stripe that is orange in color.
this flower has a ring of overlapping yellow petals with a red stripe down their center.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and thin.
the petals are yellow and the flower is supported by a thin stalk.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower has bright yellow stamen with for bright yellow petals around it.
the flower is small, yellow, soft, smooth and separated and also enclosing a stamen in the centre
a single butter-yellow flower with a yellow clump of stamen tops a long, simple stem.
the petals on this flower are mostly yellow in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
a small yellow flower with yellow stamen and green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and has short stamen
golden yellow flower with only four petals that are round in shape attached in the center with stamens of the same color making a star shape all attached to a very pale, thin, green stem.

this flower has five rounded petals in pale shades of purple and yellow.
these small purple flowers have rounded waxy petals and yellow centers.
this flower has two solid purple petals that are facing upward and three petals at the bottom that are purple and yellow with black stripes.
the petals of the flower are purple in color with yellow details.
the outer petals ate purple in color and the inner petals are spotted with yellow and the stamen is white in color
this flower is yellow and blue in color, and has petals that are striped near the ovary.
this flower has five smooth and rounded purple petals with a yellow mouth.
a beautiful small flower with very pretty purple and yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading and black lines
this flower has one yellow petal and four petals that are a bluish shade of purple, some with small dark lines.

the flower has large thick yellow petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower bass an inner trumpet shaped yellow blossom surrounded by wide, pointed yellow petals.
this flower has large yellow petals and a yellow stigma in the middle
this flower has long rounded gray-green leaves and yellow pointed petals surrounding a cup-shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this yellow flower has large petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and ruffled.
this flower has a central trumpet shaped petal surrounded by a star-like configuration of other yellow petals.
the flower has yellow petals with a relatively short stigma.

this flower has petals that are green with purple stamen
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are curled upward.
the petals on this flower are purple and green and are spiked
a medium sized dark purple blower, has green leaves and purple pollen tube.
red tipped pointed green petals supporting string like purple petals surround the red, white and purple pistil.
this flower has petals that are green and has pink stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny and pointed.
the petals of this flower are purple and yellow and the stem is green
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has a couple of layers of thick green and purple sepals underneath a disk of very thin upright bright purple petals.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has petals that are red with short stamen
the flowr petals are oval in shape and are bright pink in color .anthers are largr
this flower has large red petals and a center full of yellow stigmas
the flower shown has red petals with green anther and a green and purple pedicel
this flower has cherry red petals and small balled stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this flower is made up of many different sized red petals that get smaller closer to the stamen.
this flower has bright deeply veined pink petals in varying sizes.

this flower has pink, white and yellow petals and a yellow pistil.
what i like about this flower is its transitioning colors in its petals.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
the petals of the flower are pink and the stigma is yellow.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a thick yellow stamen and layers of upturned pink petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow style
the flower has pointy shaped purple petals and a large thick yellow pollen tube sitting on a thin green pedicel.
this flower has a cup-like arrangement of layers of oblong pink petals with a thick yellow pistil at the center.

the flower has many petals that are stacked and red.
this flower has a lot of red petals that are stacked on one another
this flower has smooth pointed red petals arranged vertically along the stem.
the flower shown has red petals shaped like an acorn with green sepal
this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the small red petals of this flower are assembled in a pine cone like shape with long, slim leaves.
this flower has many small red pointed petals coming off of it.
the striking contrast between red flower and green foliage makes it popular for floral arrangements, because the small, slightly pointed petals almost look like a brush and they are a beautiful filler in bouquets.
this bright red color flower has the sepal arranged in the line forming a cone shape
this flower has red petals that are small and fold inwards

this red flower has several layers of ruffled, fan shaped petals and prominent pink stamen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and wavy.
this flower has petals that are red with long yellow steman
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this large flower has several overlapping layers of red petals with rounded edges.
this flower has bright red petals with rounded edges and they're arranged in multiple layers.
this flower has rows of red petals and long, yellow stamen.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
this red flower has layers of petals and yellow anthers, at the tip of a lighter colored filament.

this is a flower with large white petals that have red dots on them.
the petals on this flower are white with purple dots.
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower has petals that are bell shaped and white with purple spots in the interior of the petal.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
a flower with long and tube shaped petals that are white with spots.
this flower has white bell shaped petals with green sepal.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has vertical blooms of bell-shaped pale purple with rounded mouths.
this flower is white and bell shaped with purple speckles on the inside.

this flower has long yellow petals that drape around the light green stem.
this is a yellow flower with long petals and a black center
a yellow flower with droopy long petals around a black center.
this large flower has long yellow petals and a thick black center.
the flower has drooping yellow petals along with dark anther
the petals of the flower are long, narrow, and appear to be wilted.
this flower has droopy yellow petals surrounding it's brownish black center.
this flower has a single layer of long yellow petals in a ring formation.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
a large golden pedal flower with a black stigma center.

these large white flowers have fluttery petals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled at the edges.
there is a stigma in the center of the flower with visible pollen.
flower has white peadals with yellow on the edge ofp pedals
the flower has a thin white petal with a green pedicel
this flower has frilly white petals and a center that is greenish yellow.
this white flower has pointed petals, green sepals, and a yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
a flower with long, white petals that have pointed tips.
this flower is made up of one connected white petal that has some green near the pistil.

a stunning white daisy with a double row of long petals highlighted by bright yellow-green, closely packed stigmas.
these white, oblong flower petals have short, bright yellow stamen inside of them.
numerous bright white petals surround bright yellow disk flowers that are opening.
the petals of the flower are white in color and the anthers form a yellow center.
a beautiful flower with several bright white long and slender petals arranged in two whorls, and the yellow pistil and stamen form a prominent big center.
this flower has a round yellow center and layers of long white leaves.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has different layers of long white petals in a ring shaped formation.
this flower has many long slender white petals with yellow stamen in the middle of it.
this flower is characterized by its layering of white petals around the outside of the yellow pistil at the center.

these two white flowers have pointed petals with yellow centers
white flowers with numerous petals are attached to thick pedicel and have yellow anthers.
brilliant white petals in a hemisphere of long oval shape and pointed ends surround a neat bouquet of yellow pistils.
multiple tiers of curved, pointed white petals surround a large cluster of bright yellow stamens where the flowers sit on flat green leaves, floating in the water.
this flower has white pointed petals surrounding a yellow center, with spikey yellow stamens.
the flower has a white petals with many yellow stamens
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has many white petals and it's center has long yellow stamens.
this flower has white thick petals with a yellow stamen.
this white flower has very many layers of pointed petals that make the flower round and full of body overall, with lots of pointy yellow stamen in the middle.

leaves are green,petals re pink in color with larger anthers
this flower has petals that are pink with white shading
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
a flower with large pink flat petals and a central cluster of pink stamen.
white and purple flat flower with small stamen and purple stigma.
a circle of 5 triangular shaped pink petals and inner bunch of pinkish white stamen.
this flower has pink petals with white stripes arranged in a fan formation.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are shiny and rounded in shape.
this flower has wide shiny pink petals with accents of bright white.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white patches

the pedicel of the flower is green while it has yellow petals.
this yellow flower has overlapping and toothed petals with a bunch of stamens in the middle.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are layered.
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow with a short stigma
the beautiful flower has orange petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in disc like manner around yellow bunch of stamens
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright orange oblong petals.
this flower has a yellow center and long, thin rounded yellow petals.

this flower has nice orange petals and a green pedicel.
this is a flower with large orange and yellow petals.
this flower has big petals that mostly orange and has a yellow border.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has yellow petals with brown spots and one pistil.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has large, long orange petals whose edges are mottled yellow.
the center of the petals are orange while the edges of the petals are yellow.
a flower with long and wide petals that are orange with yellow on the edges.

this flower has prominent green stamen and piston surrounded by a fringe of thin purple, and long white/purple petals with rounded edges.
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has large white petals and long blue stigma in the center
this flower has large white petals surrounding a row of file thin purple and white petals and a prominent large green pistil.
this flower has petals that are white purple and stringy
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stamen
the flower has a large, green, oddly shaped pistil with purple anthers.
this particular flower has petals that are purple, white and yellow
the petals and the stigma on the flower are a greenish white.
this flower has a layer of all white oblong petals underneath a layer of thin blue filaments.

this flower is purple and light yellow in color, and has petals that are spotted
this flower has wide, rounded purple petals, most of which have yellow centers overlaid with thin brown lines.
this uniquely shaped flower has several fluttery petals and a tubular center.
broad purple oval petals with patches of yellow and white stamen.
a unique flower with yellow and lavender petals with a brownish stamen.
this flower has three striped petals that are purple, red, and yellow, plus on solid colored petal.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
there are three petals that are next to each other that are purple around the edges and have a yellow grid-like pattern in the middle and then there is one larger petal on the opposite side that is white with light purple towards the middle.
there are some petals of the flower have a distinctive pattern that is comprised of pink, yellow, and white tones.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow lines

this flower has all white petals with a yellow ovule.
this flower has one large petal with a little yellow in the middle.
the flower has white petals and yellow pistil with white stamen.
this flower has a white petal, with yellow center, and white filaments.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the ovule.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with short and wide petals that are whtie.
this is a very small flower!
this flower has a bright yellow ovary in the center of a large white funnel-shaped petal.

the petals on this flower are layered over each other and are a light color
the petals are layered in structure and are yellow and orange in color.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange tint
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and has dense layer in the centre and loose layers towards the outer region
this flower is peach and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this pale-hued flower has many long and layered petals and a barely visible stamen.
this flower has cream and yellow colored petals, and jagged green leaves.
this flower has layers of tapered peach-colored petals with pale yellow accents.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shading
this flower is yellow and peach in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
the flower is light yellow with petals that are forming a dense layer in the centre and loosening layer towards the outer region
this flower has many rows of bright yellow petals arranged closer towards the middle
the flower has petals that are layered in a circle that are yellow.
this flower has large white and yellow petals with a dark green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wilted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
a flower with long and wide petals that are yellow.
this flower has light yellow petals spiraled together towards the center, green leaves and a thorny stem.

these flowers has bright purple flower with a dark purple center and a light purple stem.
the flowers are pink in color and no stamen or pistil is not seen.
a bright violet pedaled flower in a bell shape form.
this flower has petals that are pink wit dark lines
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that have darker veins.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large horn shaped petal.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
there are fuchsia colored pedals with deep purple veins forming a long bell shape.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil. the petals are purple with white spots and black lines.
this flower has petals that are purple and has dark lines

this flower has red and white petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are red or white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has mostly bright red petals but a couple of pale white petals with deep veins.
this flower has white and bright mixed color with reproductive parts prominently seen
this flower is white and red in color, with leaf likepetals.
the flower has both red and white leaves surrounding a tight bunch of about a dozen small red petaled budding flowers.
this flower has white and red petals with green stamen
this flower has leaf-like petals with veins in shades of red and white.

this flower is asymmetrical with one large white petal on the bottom and three triangle shaped yellow and white petals on top.
a flower with massive white and yellow striped petals with an opening in the center and yellow pedicel.
the flower petals are white and yellow spotted in color wit yellow antherss
a large flower with wide white petals with veiny yellow underside
the flower has petals that are white and yellow and look like a bulb.
a very unique looking flower with a large swooping white petal shaped like bowl and a white and yellow rippled petal fanned vertically behind a yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow shading
the petals of the flower has a distinctive shape, and resembles an animal.
this flower has a wide white mouth and very smooth petals with bright yellow accents.
this flower has yellow and white petals on a white pedicel.

this flower has bright pink petals and no visible stamen on it
this flower has many hot pink petals surrounding a tighter bud of petals and is surrounded by a few deep green leaves on a single deep green pedicel.
the flower has overlapping red petals that are heart shaped.
this flower has petals that are red and in a spiral shape
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this flower has many petals, with a dark pink edge on each petal that fades into light pink toward the center.
this deep pink flower has round petals that wrap tightly around each other toward the middle and separate outward as they bloom.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has large pink petals and a dark green pedicel.

this petals on this flower are green and very spiky.
the sepal has a green underside and white top, while the stigma is pinecone shaped with prickly needles in it.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are spikey.
this flower has petals that are green and very pointy
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower has many thin, jagged light blue petals placed sparsely around its head.
the petals on this flower are mostly green in color and the inner stamen is the color cactus.
the petals of the flower are tall, and seem to have thorns on the edges.
the green thistle-like bulb, is surrounded by graceful thin silvery leaves which camouflage heir sharp pointed edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen

this flower has white large pointed petals with a pistil that is green and long
this flower has long, pointed white petals and a long stamen, with a light green filament and a white anther.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips
the flower shown has white petals and a green stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines and white stamen
this flower is trumpet shaped with pointed petals of white with greenish center.
the white petals are curled outward in the shape of a star and the filament are green with white anther.
this flower has petals that are white and has green shading
this flower has white petals and a green pedicel with green pistil
this flower has petals in a star shape that are white.

this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
a group of multi sharp pointed yellow and red petals surround a center of tiny stamen.
the center of the flower is round with petals around.
pointed yellow petals with brown bases and red-orange middles surround a flat disk of yellow stamens in two layers, on thick, bright-green stalks.
bright orange radiate head flower with red darts pointing toward center.
petals are darkest in the center and become lighter at the edges, beginning with brown which fades to orange and then yellow.
a flower with brown, orange and yellow petals.
this flower has yellow and has red lines on them
this flower has a large round center and many petals attached to it, which are bright yellow on the outer edge but getting darker and darker in color to dark brown when they reach the center.
this flower has yellow and red petals with pointed tips arranged in a ray-like shape.

the flower has petals of a pink hue with white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
this flower has five rounded petals of pale purple with deep purple centers.
the flower is made of five petals that are pink in color with a dark pink center and pink anther.
the flower has purple and white petals along with a white pollen tube
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
a flower with short and wide petals that are light purple.
this flower has five rounded white petals with a darker purple coloration near the center of the flower.
star like round tipped lavender petals with a purple base near the stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center

the petals of the flower are purple in color and have dark purple filaments extending from the center.
this flower has narrow, purple petals and many purple stamen.
the flower has purple oval petals with blue thin petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are purple with purple stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has light green sepals that hold oblong purple petals underneath a layer of thin blue filaments with upright stamen and pistils.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
the beautiful flower is so big with pink petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately forming disc like shape below the layer of disc of separately arranged purple stamens

the flower has purple petals with a yellow stamen in the center
the flower shown has large purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has light purple petals and white anthers on it
this flower has five wide overlapping petals in pale purple with pointed tips.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are uneven at the edges.
these flowers have smooth lavender layered petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has overlapping purple petals which are very soft with tapered tips.
this pale purple flower has rounded petals and a white stigma.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma

pale red pointed petals surround green stamen and stigma in the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are pink with veins.
large and smooth upper pink and lower green leaves with multiple green and white stamen in the center.
this purple flower has many pointed petals that are various sizes.
the flower has pink petals with a green pollen tube
this pink colored flower has petals that are wide at the base and taper gradually to a point at the edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has dark lines
these flowers have long triangular shaped pale red petals mixed with green leaves.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this deep red flower contains large pointed flat petals that are similar to its broad flat leaves.

flower is enclosed in a bud like leaf with yellow petals on the outside and long purple style.
this flower is orange and blue in color, with petals that are sharp and pointed.
the flower has long petals that are orange colored and thin.
this flower has long and pointy yellow petals and no visible stamen
pointed yellow pedals springing from green buds with a purple pointed center stigma.
this flower has a sepal that is green with a red edge, and the petals are yellow and blue.
the petals of the flower are narrow and extremely pointy, and consist of shades of yellow, blue and orange.
this flower has orange petals that are long with pointed tips.
this flower has petals that are yellow and blue and are very thin
this flower consist of very pointy yellow orange needle like pedals and a long black stamen.

these small white flowers grow on vines and have five petals.
this flower has small white petals and no visible stamen in the middle
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are rounded at the edges.
this flower has five wide, smooth white petals with small purple centers.
this petals on this flower are white with pink centers.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are white colored.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are rounded.
pentagonal shaped petals with a white violet hue on it.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center

a large dark pink flower with a large number of petals, and a round center.
the flower has pointy small red pedals with pink spots pointing in all directions.
the flower has pink peals as well as a black pollen tube
this hot pink flower has two rows of elongated petals with a large center circle of short pink stamen.
the flower is hot pink with a hot pink inside and green leaves.
the petals of the flower are short and narrow, and a vibrant pink color.
this flower has many bright and dark, long pink petals which form a circle with a dark center full of stamens.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are bright pink.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has black stamen

the flower has petals that are overlapping pink and white.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multicolored.
the flower shown has purple and white petals in various shapes
pink petals with some yellow and white in clumps.
this flower has several large purple petals which are rounded with slightly ruffled edges.
theses flowers have clustered lavender petals with a soft touch of white.
a flower with layered purple petals, and some of the petals have yellow in the middle or a light purple or white at the tips.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white shading
this flower contains many bright pink petals with white highlights and some yellow highlights.

the flower has petals that are red with yellow tips.
the flower is flat and the petals are thin with red and yellow tips
the petals of this flower are orange and yellow witha large stigma
this flower has petals that are red with yellow tips
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow at the tips.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are red with yellow tips.
the petals of the flower consist of bright yellow tips, with the rest of the petal being an orange color.
this flower has yellow and pink petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are yellow on the tips.

this flower has a very large white pistol with a single large waxy and red petal that is shaped like a heart.
this flower is white and red in color, with only one large petal.
the flower has a single red petal and a prominent light yellow .
this flower has a single red, shiny petal and large white and yellow stamen.
the flower has one large red petal and a cone shaped stamen and pistil.
this flower has a thick white and yellow stamen and a shiny red petal.
this flower is in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has white style
the flower pictures has one large, shiny, heart shaped petal surrounding a yellow and white pistil.
this flower has a thick white and yellow pistil with a large red petal.

this flower has a large yellow petal and a white colored anther filament
a flower with orange petals and with anther filaments and pistils.
this flower has dark yellow small petals and white stamen.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy.
this orange flower has several groups of ruffled, fan shaped petals and small white stamen.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange and has white stamen
this flower has long green leaves with bright orange groups of flowers that have short white stamen.
this flower has bright yellow petals that shade to dark orange.
a flower with with orange and red petals that surrounding a cluster of pistils.

the white flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately around stamens in single layer
this flower has petals that are white with red anther and white filaments.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are striped.
this flower has petals that are white with red lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with brown and yellow specks.
this flower is white, purple, and yellow in color, and has petals that have stripes.
this flower has thin and very smooth white petals with dark red accents.
this flower has petals that are white and has red lines
there are four outer white petals touched green at the tips, with two inner petals that are white and striped red with some yellow highlights, the stamen are white and small.

a flower with towering conical pistil and ragged furry blue petals.
the flower has lot of thorny set of petals that's light purple in color.
this flower is green and white in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has a lot of small pointy petals and a large pointy stigma in the center
the flower has sharp petals surrounding an acorn shaped center with sharp edges
a flower with purple petals and a large stigma.
this flower has a very large and prominent pistil and light blue petals with jagged edges.
this flower has purple petals that are spiky and has a big green style
a flower with long and spiky petals that are white.
this flower has blue petals as well as a green stamen.

the flower is yellow with petals that are fused, soft, smooth, thin and has stamens sticking out in the centre
this yellow flower has large ruffled petals and skinny yellow filament.
flowers are alternately arranged,they are yellow in color
this flower has large pale yellow rounded edges with a long skinny pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has yellow petals with a wrinkled texture and white stamens.
thin light yellow petals overlap around the stamen in this flower.
these flowers have yellow petals, yellow pistils and brown stigmas
this is a ruffled yellow flower with three stamens.

this flower has bluish purple petals that are short and rounded and cover the entire flower.
this flower is a big purple flower with a huge pistil with many anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has a long pedicel and many ruffled small lavender or blue flowers appearing smaller and more dense in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and are ruffled togetehr
this strange baby blue flower has many, many small petals scattered about, with a core of even smaller petals with a slight violet tinge.
the petals of this flower are light purple and the pedicel is green
this flower has wavy layers of small light blue petals arranged in a ring formation.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.

this flower has one row of large pink, oval petals and many small, thin purple petals.
this flower has large green pistils and stamen surrounded by a purple fringe and large, rounded white and purple petals.
this flower is pink white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has long purple petals with long purple stamen and green stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are pink with long string stamen
light pink, elongated petals create a fan around many long, pointy, purple stamen with a green pistil and stigma turned perpendicular.
this flower is white, pink, and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pink petals that have purple stringy stamen
this flower has a green stigma protruding out of the middle of many tiny lavender stamens embedded on pink petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green stamen.

the pink flower has petals that are soft,smooth, thin and arranged separately overlapping around stamens
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow and pink stigma.
leves aregreen in color,petals are light pink in color
this flower is pin in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
this flower has wide and slightly rounded red petals with ruffled edges.
a large pink pollen tube with yellow anther sit in the center of this flowers large pink petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stigma
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
this flower has a tall pink pistil and bright pink petals.

this flower has peach petals and a white and orange pistil as its main features
this flower is pink in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has single peach petal with yellow and white stamen.
leaves are green in color,petal is beige in color
this flower has petals that are red with a long stigma
the shiny heart-shaped petals have an orange cone that grows straight out from the center.
this flower has peach petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this pink flower has a heart shaped petal and a orange and white stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large petal.
this flower has petals that are orange and has a big style

this bell shaped flower is dark purple and has rounded petals which curl slightly outwards.
this flower has a bright green pedicel and sepal and 5 deep purple conjoined petals that form a deep cup, from the center of which delicate yellow stamen extend.
sepals are green in color,flowers are dark purple in color,they are capsule in shape
this flower has petals that are purple and bell shaped
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower a bright blue petal that forms a trumpet-like shape and green sepals.
small green leaves sit at the base, with long and closed purple petals and a tiny dark stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and is in a bell shape
this flower has a cone shaped dark lavender petals and yellow anthers.
this flower has violet petals that form a large hollow tube around the stamen.

sepals are green in color,the petals are alternately arrnaged and red in color
the petals of the flower are red in color and are layered and have green leaves.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are vertically layered.
the petals on this flower are a bright red color shaped like an acorn
this flower has red petals which form many layers on the flower.
this flower has red petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has a thick vertical chevron pattern on dark red with small white blooms.
this flower has many red petals as well as green leaves attached to it.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded together

a flower with ragged, wrinkled white petals and central yellow stamen cluster
this flower has petals that are white with golden stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are wilted and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
the flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has white petals with a very wrinkled texture and lots of bright yellow stamen surrounding the pistil.
this flower has a round yellow center and wide, very ruffled white petals.
this flower has petals that are white and have yellow stamen
this white flower has pointed petals, yellow stamen and a pale yellow stigma.

sepals are green,petals are yellow in color and are folded
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wrapped closely around the center.
this flower has pale yellow petals and green toothed leaves.
the pedals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded together
this flower has pale yellow petals that extend from a deep green pedicel.
there are yellow pedals overlapping and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has prominent green pointed sepals underneath layers of tightly wrapped yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and is folded together
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and uneven.

this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the bottom.
this pink flower has the pink petals resembling a bowl and stand on a reddish pedicel
this flower has thick, artistic looking petals with a dark pink bottom and white tops.
this flower has petals that are pink with a patch of purple
a flower with twisted pink and red petals, red sepals, and red pedicel
a pink and purple based large flower with brown stems.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and darker on the bottom.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple center
purple based pedals fade to pink and are large and wavy closing in around center.
this flower has a bright pink ovary and lighter pink petals in an upright position.

a creme orange flower with the pedals wrapping around it.
the flower has peach petals and a long green pedicel
this beautiful orange flower has peach colored petals and a green pedicel.
this is a peach colored flower with tightly woven petals.
the pinkish color rose was closed and has not opened yet
this flower has orange colored petals resting atop a green pedicel.
flower, rose, long pedicel with thorns, green sepals, faded orange colored petals.
this flower is light orange in color, and has petals that are curled around the center.
this flower has petals that are orange and is bunched together
the flower has layers of several pale orange and pink petals.

the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen.
this flower is white in color, with petals that are curled back on the edges.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a green sepal.
flower has petals that are white with white stigma and green pedical.
this flower has orange pistil and white petals as its main features
a bullhorn shaped white flower with a dull cream stigma.
this flower has a trumpet shape and a curling soft white petal.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and is bell shaped
this flower has a large white funnel-shaped petal with a smooth surface and edges that gently fold over.

this is a flower of a large number of petals with white petals on the outside and a core of yellow petals.
this flower has overlapping layers of rounded yellow petals who edges curl slightly.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
many layers of slightly curling, rounded, whitish-yellow petals in so many layers that the pistil or stamen are not visible.
this flower has petals that are white with shades of yellow
this is a large flower that is yellow in color with numerous petals.
this flower has different shades of yellow petals, green pedicel.
this white and yellow flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has deep yellow petals on the inside that become a paler white towards the outside of the flower.

this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are curled and wavy.
these lavender petals are long and tapered and surround long lavender anthers and filaments on this flower.
long filaments hold tiny anther on this dainty pink flower.
the petals on this flower are purple with purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink abd very thin
this flower has long thin stamen at the center of a sparse configuration of light pink skinny petals.
this flower has long pink and white petals with long pink stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower has long semi pointed bright orange petals with a brown seedy like stamen
this flower has petals that are orange with red stamen
this flower has overlapping orange and yellow petals and many orange stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that are layered.
the flower shown has small orange petals with red pistil
this flower has countless orange petals arranged all around and overlapping each other.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has rows of elongated shiny petals with a large round, brown center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has orange petals as well as a red stamen.

the eight petals of this blossom resemble leaves but are purple with white veins, the center has white stamen with purple ends.
a purple and white pointed flower with tiny purple and white stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and have white stripes.
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has dark purple petals with white stripes down the center and long, white and purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white lines
this flower has long and pointed purple petals with vertical stripes.
this flower contains eight elongate purple and levender petals under a row of purple and white needle shaped petals.

the petals are broad but thin at the edges, with purple tints at the edges and white in the middle.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
this flower is trumpet shaped with a blue and white colors on its petals.
this flower has petals that are blue with white patches
this flower has 5 purple-blue petals that lead to a whiteish-blue where they meet the green stamen.
these flowers also have purple anther and green pedicel.
this flower has white petals with deep blue around the edges and a white receptacle.
this flower has white petals with purple tips, a light green style with a purple and white anther filament
this flower has petals that are blue and has a white center
dark blue petals contrast with the green sepal on this flower.

an oval shaped flower that has white petals a light green stigma
this flower contains small white petals surrounding a small white stamen.
this cool flower has white petals and an erect pistil at its center.
the flower has petals of a whitish hue with white tipped stamen.
one long continuous white petal with a light green stigma and stamens
a white trumpet shaped bloom with a prominent pistil and white fuzzy stamen.
white petals and a dark green sepal support a white stamen in this flower.
this flower has large flat white petals and dark dark green sepals.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a small stamen

the reddish orange flower has petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens in disc like manner
this red and orange flower has many rounded petals and red stamen.
the petals on this flower are small and layer over each other and are red
this flower is red in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has tightly bunched groups of blossoms that are light pink in color with small rounded petals.
a small red flower with floppy petals and small dark colored stamen.
this flower has very small and rounded red petals with a smooth texture.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched closely together.
this flower has petals that are red and folded together

this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are closely wrapped around the center.
this yellow bud has outer petals backed in orange and sit upon pointed sepals on a thick stem.
the flower is opening up and no stamen or stigma can be seen.
this flower has petals that are overlapping, yellow and pink.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange shading
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this yellow and red flower has rounded petals and green and red sepals.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are curled closely around the ovary.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded inward
this flower has pointed green sepals and rounded petals in varying shades of yellow and orange.

this flower has black stamen surrounded by large, pointed petals whuc are veined and leaflike in appearance.
the petals of this red flower are many-layered, with dark green leaves.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the leaves of this flower turn a brilliant red on the top forming large clusters.
the flower has petals that are overlapping and red, with red filaments.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered.
a riot of red, petal-shaped sepals surround very small yellow flowers.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has bold red leaves which have pointed tips and small veins.
this flower has bright red petals with green anther in the center.

the flower has smooth white petals with yellow on the inside
thick white scalloped petals with a burst of yellow in bottoms of petals.
this flower has a large white petal with a yellow streak in it
this flower has five rounded white petals with yellow centers.
the flower has five petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has small white oblong petals with slightly curled edges that are white and yellow in color.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow center
a flower with long and rounded petals that are white with yellow center.
this flower has five round, very smooth petals which are white and yellow.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

a flower with lavender petals and a white and yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with stigma
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are thin.
this flower has five wide overlapping purple petals with pointed tips.
this flower has a white and yellow pistil with purple petals
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are thin.
a flower with many green leaves, light purple petals that surround a light orange stamen
a purple flower with four light purple petals surrounding a white pistil.
this flower features light purple petals and deep yellow stamen and a small white stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

vibrant yellow petals with vertical stripes of brown on each petal. the center petals look like a flower of their own of several circles in a row.
the flower shown has lots of little yellow anther with red and yellow petals
this flower has yellow petals with a red stripe down the center of each petal.
the petals are color yellow on the sides with red stripe in the center.
this zany flower has streaks of red going through its otherwise yellow petals.
this flower has brightly colored petals that have a dark red stripe down the middle and yellow on either edge.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are yellow with brown stripe down the middle.
the petals of this flower are golden yellow and they have red stripes
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are yellow petals that have dark red lines running through the width.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines

this flower has pink bell shaped petals and white stigma.
this flower has ovular purple petals as its main feature.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has pink petals that form little cups are curve outwards at the tips, with long yellow stamen.
this pale pink flower with a prominent yellow stamen is balloon shaped with curled edges at the top.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals of the flower formulate a cup shape, and the stamen has various shades of yellow and green
this pink flower has rounded petals and a yellow and pale green pistil.
a group of bell shaped velvet flowers with a golden tall stigma.
this flower has a tall yellow pistil inside the center of a purple bell-shaped blossom.

this flower has a green pedicel and petals that are orange with red spots.
this flower has petals that are pink with red dots
the petals on this flower are white with red dots.
i like this flower for its unique spotted petals and its color.
this flower has white petals and red spots, and white anthers.
this yellow and red flower has pointed petals, yellow and pink stamen and a bright green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has red dots
this flower has six leaf shaped off-white petals, with red spots, and four prominent pale yellow pistils (or stamen).
this flower has white petals with red spots on them on a green pedicel.
this flower has light petals with many red spots, a small yellow pistil, and yellow stamen.

the petals are smooth, fine and yellow in color and it has a bunch of stamen in the centre
this flower has large broad deep yellow petals with lots of yellow stamen.
the pretty flower has large yellow petals the flow togetter.
the flower is bright yellow in color with a stamen that is also yellow.
this large yellow-petaled plant similar colored stamen.
this flower has brightly colored yellow petals and a small group of yellow filaments.
this flower has petals that are yellow and in a satellite shape
an orange flower with yellow colored edges on it's petals.
the flower has yellow stamen and round yellow petals that are wavy on the edges.
this flat yellow flower has rounded petals and many pistils and stamens.

the petals on this flower are yellow with yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has yellow stamen surrounded by five small shiny round yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
a lemon yellow flower with the yellow anther and filament and the leaves are green and thin
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
this flower has a ring of rounded bright yellow petals surrounding a small green pistil and yellow stamen.
this flower has a ring of rounded bright yellow petals surrounding a small green pistil and yellow stamen.

the petals of the flower are purple spotted.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the flower has small purple petals that have polka dots on it.
this flower has petals that are white with purple dots
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has purple and white spotted petals and a stigma in the center that splits into three.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has white petals that are covered in purple dots
this flower has purple and white petals on a green pedicel.

the flower shown has a rough peach petal with a yellow pistil
this flower is pink and orange in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has a large coral colored shiny petal and a long fat yellow stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
this flower has a single large rubbery coral petal and a short thick yellow stamen coming out of the ovule.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is pink in color, and has a single large thick petal.
this flower has petals that are red and has a yellow style
a shiny heart shaped petal surrounding an orange cob shaped pistil.
this flower has a prominent orange pistil and a large pink petal.

the pedals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has red petals and no visible outer stamen
this large red flower has five wide petals with round edges which slightly overlap.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wilted in appearance.
the flower shown has orange-red petals as its main feature.
these dark orange, trumpet shaped flowers have small pointy leaves.
a medium flower with red petals with a trumpet like shape.
this flower has petals that are red and has a short stigma
this red, orange flower has hidden innards and fairly large petals arranged in a single row
the flower has long and large orange petals in a vase like shape

a large orange petal shaped like a potato chip and a green pedicel attached to it.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are large and rounded.
this flower has bright yellow petals with an orange tint at the tips and a green pedicel.
yello leaf looking petals and a red stamen with green pedicels.
this flower has slightly curved, pointed yellow petals with leaflike striations.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are leaf like.
this flower has one broad orange petal with other smaller orange petals going down a green long narrow pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are folded together
this flower has large brightly colored yellow petals with prominent veins.

this flower is red in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has thin red petals which are numerous and patterned vertically along the length of the stem.
this flower has a bright red petal and no stamen in sight
this feathery, flame-like flower head is a deep crimson red and contrasts with yellow-green foliage.
this bunchy flower is bright red and grows in a triangular cob like shape.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has vertical rufflings of red feathery petals on a thick stem.
this flower has many small red petals arranged in a cone-like configuration.
there are many red petals with a small pollen tub to this flower.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that appear fluffy.

large star shape flower with large soft floppy purple petals and short purple stamen.
this flower's smooth blue petals match the blue hue of the stamen.
this flower has petals that are blue with a small blue stigma
this flower is blue in color, with petals that have veins.
the flower is blue with its petals that are fused near the sepal and gradually flaring out and forming a star like shape
this particular flower has petals that are purple and blue
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this blue flower has pointed and veined petals and a light and dark blue pistil.
has blue petals in a star shape
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that have veins.

the flower has larger anthers orange in color and petals that are yellow
this flower is yellow and orange in color, with petals that are spotted.
the leaves of the flowers have ruffled yellow petals that have orange details.
the long oblong yellow petals of this flower are spotted with red and sit atop layers of sepals at their base.
this flower has large yellow petals with a lot of orange spots on it
this flower has pale yellow petals with orange flecks throughout.
this flower has wide and long petals in shades of pale yellow with orange dots.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
this flower has large yellow petals with orange spots leading to the center.

a couple of small but large golden pedaled flowers with a dull white center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with white stamen
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
the petals on this flower are yellow with white stamen.
bright yellow clusters of four petal flowers surround flower centers that are made up of thick white filaments
this flower has yellow petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shaped.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white stamen
this flower has four bright yellow petals that are slightly crinkled in texture with white stamen.
this flower has small round yellow petals with very delicate veins.

the flower shown has layers of red petals that turn upwards.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled closely around the center.
sepals are green in color,petals are rounded in shape,they are red in color
this flower has petals that are red and folded together
dark red petals green stem
this flower has a bulbous green receptacle and pointed sepals holding tightly wrapped pink petals.
the petals on this flower are mostly red in color with green leaves outside
this flower is red and green in color, with petals that are curled around the center.
this flower has soft red petals that wrap around and encapsulate a middle.
this flower has red petals that are sitting in green receptacles attached to a green pedicel.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that have darker veins.
the petals of this flower are purple with a long stigma
this flower has five petals in the shape of a star, with white stamen and a white pistil visible.
the flower has star shaped petals that are light purple.
this flower is star shaped with five conjoined purple petals which are veined like leaves.
a white star-shaped pistil of this flower is surrounded by a few narrow stamen, and the petals are light purple.
this flower is purple and white in color, with star shaped petals.
this purple, star-shaped flower that appears to be formed of one petal in an unusual shape with prominent, dark purple veins, and also features a white star-shaped stigma at the end of the pistil.
a flower with long and wide petals that have a pointed edge.
this flower has purple petals with dark lines and a white stigma

this flower has several long layers of slightly pointed pale purple petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled along the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with purple stamen
the petals on this flower are pink with purple stamen.
the flower shown has thin purple filament as well as large flat purple petals.
this flower has a center group of short purple stamen surrounded by light purple petals with crinkled edges.
this flower has large pale pink petals and long dark colored stamens.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple stamen
a flower that has lite pink petals that form a star shape

this flower has large white petals with dark purple tips at the bottom
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and twisted.
this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink
this flower has a small number of medium sized white cupped petals with rose bases.
a white flower with purple at the base and a thick brown stigma.
the elegant white flower with hot pink ends comes to a gray colored stem.
a white flower with dark purple edges towards the bottom of it's petals.
these flowers have smooth delicate white and purple petals attached to a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
this flower has pure white petals with magenta tips , and brown long and narrow stem.

the flower shown has a wide purple petal and a white pollen tube
the stamen is white with a light purple tip and the petals are triangle shape and a light purple.
purlple star shaped petals with a lighter purplish white pistil and green sepals.
these star shaped purple flowers have connected petals and white stamen.
this star-shaped flower has lavender peddles and a white pistil.
dark purple star shaped blossoms set amid dark green vines.
this flower has a star-like shape, purple petals, and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white stamen
this flower has a wide purple star shape with small dark veins.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.

this flower has petals that are overlapping and dark orange with yellow center and stamen.
the flower has orange petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens forming bowl like shape in different layers
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow toward the center.
an orange and yellow flower with layers of narrow petals and green sepal.
this is a vibrant orange flower with an outer row of star-shaped petals and an inner trumpet-shaped row with a faded yellow pistil
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow stamen.
a orange flower with a yellow disc floret bud and the leaves are green and alternative
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow stamen
this flower has multiple layers of bright orange oblong petals.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and layered on top of each other.

the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this flower is yellow with orange and is very wide open.
this flower is orange and white in color, with petals that are multi colored.
these flowers have large yellow and orange petals.
this flower has a large orange petal and no visible stamen
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow edges
this flower has petals of yellow veined and speckled with orange.
this flower has brightly colored petals that are orange and yellow.
this unique flower has an orange looking petals with green leaves
this flower has a group of yellow stamen at the center surrounded by beautiful orange, yellow and white multicolored petals.

this flower is red and pink in color, with petals that are multi colored.
dark red pedals with white suspects dark green lanes yellow-green middle
this flower has petals that are red with green edges
outer ptals are green in color,inner petals are red incolor
this is a large flower with red petals and green stigma.
this leafy flower has very large red petals that look like they have been splashed with white paint.
this flower has red petals that have pink and green dots on them
this plant has red and green leaves are layered with green and yellow stamen.
the petals of this flower are red, veined, broad and multilayered.
this flower is mostly red with irregular patches of white and pink as well.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with yellow stamen
the whitish flower has thin long petals and numerous yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow with many layers
a pretty yellow flower with 3-4 whorls of petals, more yellow towards the center, and has yellow stamens.
this flower has pale yellow petals and bright yellow stamen.
the flower has several pale yellow pointed petals surrounding a bright yellow center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen
bright yellow pistil sit in the center of this flowers greenish petals.
the petals of the flower are in a semi standing position, with the outer petals a light green color, and the inner petals a light yellow color.

the stamen are shorter in length with large anthers
this flower has five large conjoined white petals with slightly ruffled edges.
the petals of this flower are purple with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are wrinkled in appearance.
the petals of the flower are white in color and have a purple center.
this is a light violet flower with five petals and dark purple vertical lines from the center and yellow stamen.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wrinkled.
this flower has light blue petals with purple in the middle
this flower has lavender leaves with a touch of white surrounded by green weeds.
a flower ith long and narrow petals that are light purple.

the flower shown has small pink petals with white pedicel
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are white near the center.
these flowers have soft purple petals and a few stamens.
the pink flower has petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has thin purple petals as its main feature.
a flower with small petals that is sitting on a long pedicel.
this flower has pink petals , a white ovule, and dark green and broad leaves.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a white center
a flower with short and wide petals that are light purple.

a red and white petal with patches of yellow make this flower stand out
this flower has petals that are white on the outer petal and red on the center with red anthers..
the flower has red and white petal with a red stigma.
the petals on this flower are white with splashes of pink and yellow.
this flower is white pink and yellow in color, with petals that are spotted.
this white, pink, yellow and dark red flower has pointed petals and pink and green stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and has shades of yellow
this flower is white, pink, and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and striped.
this flower has wide, smooth white petals with pink and yellow accent designs.
a large flower with white and red pedal coloration with black spots.

the flower shown has peach petals surrounding the peach anther and purple filament
lilac pedicel supporting numerous cream colored narrow petals with a cream colored and purple pistil.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are skinny oval shaped.
the flower has many numberd white colored petals with purple colored stamen and pistil
this flower has a long and thin white petal that has a purple anther in the middle
this lively cream colored flower has many layers of petals and a pretty purple center.
this flower has layers of cream colored petals and a large dark purple stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has black stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are layered.
large flower with multiple rows of white petals and violet pedicel.

this flower has thick purple and lavender petals as its main feature.
this flower is purple and blue in color, with petals that are lighter near the ovule.
a dark purple petal flower with white stamen in the center.
this flower has petals that are purple, with a burgundy star shape and white center.
this flower has purple petals and a white stigma and white anther.
this flower has petals that are blue and has purple lines
this flower has a funnel-shaped petal with a smooth texture and bright blue and purple coloring.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
the flower has purple pedals with a dark purple star highlight and a yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.

this flower has many long, narrow, pointy yellow petals around a center of many brown stamen.
the large flower is made of yellow petals with a brown center.
the flower shown has yellow petals surrounding red anther and filament
a yellow flower with a lot of petal and a big center ovary that has a hint of orange color
the petals are a yellowish hue and the stamen are very numerous.
the petals of this flower are yellow and the pedicel is long and green
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has a wide brownish center and layers of thin yellow petals.
very large center and yellow orange stigma with short yellow petals
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tip.

this flower has petals that are pink, with wavy filaments, and yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are purple with string stamen
this flower has long purple petals and long light blue stamen in the middle
the flower is so big and has disc of curled stamens above the disc of petals that are pink soft, smooth and thick
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a bottom layer of oblong purple petals topped with a layer of wavy blue filaments.
this flower has petals that are purple and has stringy stamen
this flower has pale purple rounded petals beneath a layer of frizzy purple fringed hairs.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
there are flat purple petals and long purple petals that resemble strings and the stamen are pink with green anther.

this flower has several white petals with white filament and darker anthers
this flower is white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
this milky white flower has a simple row of petals in a circular shape with the stamens with yellow anthers at the center
this flower has white stamen at its center with white petals.
these flowers have white layers overlapping the other with white stamen in the center of them.
white round tipped petals with a center crease and inner white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ovalshaped.

the flower has rounded petals that are pink in color with shorter stamens
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow steman
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curved backward.
this flower has five large red petals with rounded edges which curl slightly outwards.
the flower shown has red petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red lines
a light pink group of flowers with a funnel shape.
this flower has a number of light pink petals with slightly darker veins and rounded edges.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded.
this flower has coral petals with dark pink veins and coral stamen

this flower has petals that are white with flowery stigmas
this sun shaped flower has white sharp petals with green tips. the stamen is white.
this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are green on the tips.
the flower has white and green petals that are thin and dense.
the petals are close together and the stamen are very tall.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are white with green tips.
this flower has pointed white leaves around a bunch of tiny off-white blossoms.
this flower is white and green in color, and has petals that are green on the tips
the petals of this flower are white and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are whit and has flowery stigma

the flower has blue petals with purple anther and filament
this flower has long purple petals, and long white stamen in the center
this tropical flower has a long stamen, and soft fluttery petals.
the flower head is composed of many tiny purple flowers with elongated petals.
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are wavy and oval shaped.
this flower has a sparse ring-shaped formation of oblong light blue petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has flowery stamen
this flower is characterized by its light purple petals, and its light pink pistil.
there are small light lavender petal clusters surrounded by long slender petals of a deeper purple.
this flower has pale purple petals in a rounded mound on a thin stalk.

these flowers are vibrant pink and very flat with petals that have a saw edge and a small cluster of light colored stamen that spread out from the centers.
this flower has five small, flat pink petals with serrated edges.
the flower shown has pink petals with silver colored stamen.
the pink flower have petals with ruffly edges and darker anthers and the pedicel has many green leaves.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled around the edges.
this flower has many pink blossoms together at the top of the same stem.
a flower with short and wide petals that is pink
this flower contains bright pink petals with toothed edges and small, grey stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.

this flower has petals that are purple with red lines
this flower has petals that are purple with a red stripe and white stamen.
the royal purple flower has several overlapping petals with crimson streaking through each with a tendril-like pistil within.
the flower shown has purple petals and white and purple pistil
this flower is blue and red in color, with petals that are red down the center.
this flower has layers of purple and pink petals with white stamen in the center of it.
the petals around irregularly round and violet increasing in intensity towards the edges, with red veins in the middle
this flower has a clump of spiky white stamen surrounded by oblong purple petals with pink stripes down their center.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red lines
the petals of this flower are a bright pink and each have a stripe in the center that is colored red.

this flower has small yellow petals that are bunched all around it
this flower's puffy yellow petals are tightly clustered into a wrinkly orb.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together closely.
this flower has small yellow petals and yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
the wavy, orange petals are close together and bunched tight on the flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has ruffled edges
this orange yellow flower has many small round petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has a wide mound of very ruffled small orange petals.
the petals of the flower are ruffled in texture, and a bright yellow color.

this non-symmetrical blossom has no obvious petals, but has reddish sepals the with odd red structures growing outward from the center.
the flower has needle shpaed petals that are red in color with brown in color sepals
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
the flower has a maroon colored sepal and petals with a set of huge stamens and style.
the pedals of this flower are red with a long stigma
a red flower with pink stigma and pistils and the leaves are green
this flower has red petals that are very thin and pointy
this flower has pointed purple sepals along with deep pink spiky petals that are pointing upward.
this flower has long and thin red petals which protrude upwards.
this flower is red in color, with curly and skinny petals.

the flower shown has leafy red petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the flower has smooth red petals with green stamen in the center
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
this red holiday flower has pointy deep red petals and yellow center.
this flower has layers of bushy red leaves which are pointed and veined.
this flower has bright red petals, with stamen that are yellow with red anthers.
this particular flower has petals that are pink and red
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen

the flower has rounded petals that are pink in color with longer stamens
a flower with pink petals and long white pistils and anther filaments.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are multicolored.
this flower has large roomy petals with white insides and pink outsides with large white filaments and brown and anthers
this flower has very thin pink petals with long protruding white stamens.
this flower has long protruding stamen that are white and brown tips and also has purple petals.
the petals of this flower are pink and white and the pedicel is green
this flower has bright pink petals which have very pale, almost white undersides.
this delicate pink flower has a few bright pink petals with pale pink on their underneaths, and many stamen that have white filaments and brownish anthers.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin

the flower has petals that are purple pink with white stamen.
these pretty flowers has purple petals with white lines and green stems
the filaments are over the petals, and they have anthers on the tips.
this flower has petals that are purple with white lines
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink near the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has white lines
the flower has purple oval shaped petals and white and purple stamen.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are curled along the edges.
the petals of this flower are purple and white and the pedicel is green
a flower with long and wide petals that are purple and curly.

this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are leaf like.
the petals on this flower are red with green stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and pink with green stamen
this flower has layers of overlapping white pink petals which are pointed and have leaflike veins.
this flower has yellow and pink petals and green pistil as its main features
this flower has large pointed leaves in red and white, with delicate veins.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has pink shading
this particular flower has petals that are red and yellow
this flower is characterized by its unique pink and white petal coloration as well as its tiny,green pistil.
this flower has petals in a variety of sizes and pink and white colors.

the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this flower has sparse toothy petals surrounding a spherical yellow pistil with many delicate stamens.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and large.
this flower has thick white petals as its main feature.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow steman
a white flower with ruffled white flower petal edges surrounding an ovule covered in yellow stamen.
a flower with long and wide petal that are white and wrinkley.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
white wrinkled with raggity tips petals and a yellow sponge-like stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has a yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are pink with red stamen
the petals of the flower are bright purple and no pedicel is visible to the naked eye.
a flower with small pink petals and a massive central orange and black stamen cluster.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
flower has a large dark pistil with orange tips on the edge and a single layer of individual long narrow lavender petals.
this flower has light pink petals, with a yellow and black center.
this flower has a wide brown center and pink petals with rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this flower has many purple petals arranged in a flat, disk shape with a brown center.

this flower has black stamen and a couple bright red petals.
this flower is red and black in color, with petals that are wavy on the edges.
dark red pedals black and yellow middle dark green leaves
the petals are broad and orange, while the stigma is yellow and stamen is brown.
this flower has petals that are red with brown stamen
this flower has red petals that has black stamen and a yellow style
this flower has bright orange petals that surrond a yellow stamen and black stigma.
this flower has small black central stamen surrounded by large wide red petals.
this flower has orange petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower is orange and black in color, and has petals that are uneven and rounded.

this medium-sized flower floats on top of water and has long, pinkish-white petals.
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in different layers and also the central region has closed and densely packed layers and outer region has loosely packed layers
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white with shades of pink and folded together
this pink and white flower has long pink and oval shaped white petals.
the petals of the flower are pink in color and have a pointed shape.
this flower has layers of upturned white petals with pink tapered ends.
this flower has different layers of pink and white oblong petals.
this flower has petals that are pink and has several layers
this flower have some petals that are white and some petals that are pink and some petals with both pink and white.

a flower with ragged white and purple petals and with a cluster of white stamen.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white towards the edges.
the flower has purple and white petals with green sepal
this flower has numerous small purple petals with fringed, serrated edges.
the flowers are pink in color with longer stamens
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled edges
this flower has small light purple petals with jagged edges.
this flower has petals of magenta edged with white and spiky edges.
this pink and white flower has toothed petals and white stamen.

this flower has large pink petals and yellow spots white no visible outer stamen
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
the petals of this flower are pink with a a short stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow shading and black lines
the flower is pink with petals that are soft, smooth, thin and separately arranged around stamens
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading
this flower is pink and yellow in color, and has petals that are striped.
a group of purple and white flowers with brown dots.
this flower has mostly pink petals with a little bit of white and yellow on them along with some darker pink lines.
this flower has soft and smooth pink petals with accents of white and yellow.

a violet cup of a flower with a full-length stamen with a small white tuft at the end.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower has a large bright purple petal that gives it a trumpet like appearance.
this flower has purple petals that point straight up with yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals and green sepal as its main features
this flower is made up of violet colored petals on a fuzzy pedicel.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped.
this is a purple flower where the petals curve up in a bell shape with a white pistil.
a cone shaped flower with tall purple petals cupping a star shaped stamen.

this flower has violet petals that are orange at the base where it meets receptacle.
this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that have veins.
deep purple petals with darker purple striations running from the center of the flower to the tips of the petals surround a bright orange center ovule.
this flower has petals that are purple with yellow patches
the petals on this flower are purple with orange stamen.
this flower has bright blue rounded petals that are overlapped in a cup-like arrangement.
this flower has purple soft petals with orange stamen in the center of it.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and curved
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are yellow near the base of the ovary.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow shading

this bright white flower has a stamen with large white anthers and petals that appear to be fused together.
this flower has petals that are white with a small stigma
this is a round flower with white petals and white pistil.
the petals on this flower are white with white stamen.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
a flower with white petals and the stigma and stamen are white
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower has conjoined white petals which blossom into a rounded shape.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are ruffled along the edges.
this flower has petals that are white and has a big style

this flower has bright red petals and no visible stamen in the center
this flower has petals that are red with short stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals which are red and a green mossy pedicel
the flower has dense red petals that are small and round.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the petals on this flower are red and the pedicel is short and green
this reddish-orange flower has small round petals, all overlapping, and is in large bunches on a single stem.
this flower has small rounded pink petals arranged in a wheel-like shape.
this coral colored flower head has many separate blossoms with rounded, coral to orange petals, small unopened flower buds and ruffled green leaves beneath the flower stems.

this flower had many purplish-blue flat pointed petals with light green stamen and thin pointy leaves.
a flower with pointed purple petals, branching green sepals, and manyfold stamen writhing out the center.
the stamens are large and green in color wit large anthers
the unusual flower is purple in color with pointed green parts extending from the center.
this flower is blue in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
this particular flower has petals that are short and pointed with purple and green
the flower has oval blue petals that come to a point.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stamen
this flower has layers of wide and pointy-tipped dark blue purple petals.

this flower has huge pink petals with a little red.
this flower has petals that are pink with a white center
this is a large flower with pink petals and green near the ovary.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white in the center.
the flower shown has a round bright pink colored petal which is its dominant feature
the wrinkled, pink petals form a circle around pale green stamen.
this flower has a round conjoined shape and petals which are soft and pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and has red shading
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has a large funnel shaped petal that is light pink with brighter pink markings.

this flower has a pink and green petal, and very long and blue stamen
this big flower has very thick purple and green peddles and has white pistils.
the petals are green with a purple tint and the stamen are blue.
this flower is a vibrant blue cluster inside thick green sepals.
this flower is blue and green in color, and has petals that are rugged.
this flower has thick pointy green and purple leaves holding a thick fringe of blue.
the petals of the flowers are stringy in appearance are light blue in color.
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has petals that are blue and very thin
a flower with long and narrow pistils that are blue.

this flower is dark red and has rounded petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are wavy and ruffled.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are red with ruffled edges
this flower has many dark red petals with some green sepals underneath
this flower has large and rounded petals in a shade of deep burgundy red.
this plant has many flowers on one stem. there are no visible stigmas, stiles, or anthers. the flowers are a consistent maroon color and the petals are rounded.
a flower with long and wide petals that are dark red.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower has a bunch of blossoms on the same stem that have wavy deep red petals.

bare pedicel with single flower with yellow petals and dark brown center with tiny flowers.
this golden yellow flower has many thin long yellow petals.
very long and thin bright yellow petals with a round ball of brown stamens.
the flower shown has yellow petals along with dark anther and filament
this is a yellow flower with a lot of petals and a black center.
this flower has a ring of long bright yellow petals with slightly pointed tips.
this flower is yellow and black in color, and has petals that are drooping.
the big flower has yellow petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around brown stamens in single layer
this flower has petals that are yellow and has black stamen
the flower has pointy yellow petals with black anther in the center and a green pedicel.

this flower has bright purple petals and long white stamen.
petals are purple in color stamens are many and white in color
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has kite shaped petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower has petals that are purple with white stamen
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.
the flower has big bright petals which look rugged with a white center
this flower has bright purple petals arranged in a ray fashion with a small center of white filaments.
this flower has large and shaggy-edged purple petals, and thin white central stamen.

this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flowrs are alternately arrnaged with bright purple colored petals
the flowers are like bells, with dark purple stains on the center.
this flower has numerous purple lantern shaped blossoms arranged vertically along the stem.
this flower has petals that are purple with white dots
this flower is made of of purple bell shaped petals with white and plumb spots inside them.
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
a group of purple bell shaped flowers black and white dots.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark dots

the flower shown has yellow and white pistil with white petals
this flower has petals that are overlapping with a burgundy layer under a layer of white petals with a burgundy spot.
this flower is white and red in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
this is a flower that has five white petals that are pink in the center.
this white and red flower has both rounded and pointed petals and white and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower is white and red in color, and has petals that are multi shaped.
a flower with long and round petals that are white.
this flower has thin yellow stamen, white petals, and dark red sepals.

this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this purplish flower has toothpick-shaped petals in addition to regular petals and a big pistil.
this flower has petals that are white with purple stamen
a flower with light purple petals accompanied by indigo pistils.
a flower with purple sepals small thin purpple petals and thick green stigma
this flower has petals that are pink and has stringy stamen
this white, blue and purple flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has large white and pink petals with a green pistil.
this flower has a green pistil surrounded by many sharp, purple styles, and behind that large, lighter purple petals.
this flower has thick rounded pale petals under a fringe of thick purple quills.

a pink flower with rounded petals and white filament with yellow anther.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has large red petals surrounding a large group of stamen.
the flower has reddish petals with white stamen that have yellow tips
a flower with a large cluster of white stamen with yellow anthers filament.
this flower has thin yellow stamen and wide, rounded red petals.
this pink flower has rounded petals and white and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has red petals and white stamen with yellow anthers.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen

this flower has pink petals and a yellow style
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stigma
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this light pink flower has several petals with a yellow pistil.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has soft pink petals with yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow style
this flower has a prominent, thick yellow pistil in the center of a few layers of oblong pink petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.

this is a pink flower with five symmetrical petals with rose colored veining and dark bases.
this flower has 5 petals and is a pale violet/pink color. it is very dark, almost black in the center, but the center bleeds out to a deep violet color. there is significant veining on the petals.
a pink flower with large pistil area with a small stamen
these beautiful flowers possess vibrant pink petals with a dense, darker core.
this flower has five rounded triangular petals with a light magenta hue
this flower has ridged pink petals in a fan formation with pink stamen and a darker pink ovary.
this flower has pink petals with red lines and a small stigma
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are darker near the ovary.
serrated sepals which are bright pink in color with pink pollens intact
this flower has lavender petals with a dark purple center and stamen the same shade as the petals.

the flower has petals that are white with green center and yellow stigma.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this is a flower that has white petal and a yellow center.
this flower has wide conjoined white petals which are soft and ruffled.
this flower is trumpet shaped with a wide mouth of frilly white petals and a pale yellow center.
this flower has large white petals and small yellow stamens.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has a funnel-shaped petal with wavy edges that is white with a yellow ovary.

this small purple flower has fluffy purple petals and a long yellow stamen.
the flower has petals of a pink hue with no visible stamen.
the flower is violet in color with its petals fused near sepal and getting opened out at the top portion forming a disc like shape and has white stamen
this flower has a trumpet shape with bright magenta petals
this flower is vibrant pink in color, with a single stamen and pink pedicel.
this flower has a trumpet-like shape with vibrant pink petals and a tall, thin pistil.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the flower has purplish pink petals that are shaped like a trumpet.
this fuscia flower has large, soft, pointed petals with a yellow stamen.
this flower has bright pink papery petals and thing, white stamen.

this flower is solid yellow with many tiny cylindrical petals and yellow stamen.
the flower has very thin bright yellow petals and yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
this flower has many long thin yellow petals around a yellow stamen.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
dozens of long thin bright yellow petals with a series of similar yellow stamen at the center base.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
a yellow flower with many yellow thin petals surround a center of yellow stamen.
this flower has a large number of thin yellow petals arranged in a ray-like formation.

this flower has petals that are very thin and also yellow
a tiny yellow flower filled with yellow petals and yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are yellow with no visible stamen.
this yellow flower has multiple stamen scattered throughout the center, surrounded by a multitude of thin, long yellow petals in many rows.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny
the petals of the flower are long, and skinny and yellow in color, and the stamens are a light orange as well.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has bright yellow square pointed petals clustered over the entire flower.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
this flower has shredded looking yellow layered clustered petals on a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are red with many layers and white stamen
this flower is red in color, with petals that are white on the tips.
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower has large red petals and a few white stamen in the middle of it
the petals of the flower are red and have leaves that are green in color.
this flower has petals that are red and has several layers
this flower has orange petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has large spiky red petals arranged in multiple rows with white stamen.
this flower has vertical layers of thick and very sharply pointed red petals.

the flower shown has yellow petals with dark purple markings
the flower has petals that are yellow with green pedicel.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that are striped near the center.
this flower has five yellow petals with red stripes and a bunch of stamens.
this white and yellow flower has 5 petals, the largest being the front most and bottom petal.
a flower wtih bright yellow petals that has brown stripes.
a simple array of rounded petals in a star pattern that are yellow fading into white with black lines with very small white stamen.
this flower has varying shades of yellow in it's overlapping petals ranging from light to dark, no visible pedicel and a fringed anther in the center.
this particular flower has petals that are light yellow and dark yellow
this flower has multicolored petals in varying shades of white and yellow with rounded edges.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are connected to each other.
this flower has petals that are white with short stamen
this flower has large white petals and a few white stamen in the center
the flowers have round white petals and a yellow stamen.
this trumpet shaped flower has five conjoined, wide white petals which ruffle at the edges.
this flower has conjoined white petals which make a softly ruffled round shape.
a soft delicate flower with white petals that meet at the deep center with yellow stamen and filaments sticking out.
there is a single white petal with approximately five creases and the stamen is visible.
this flower has petals that are white and has green lines
this flower has white petals that are all connected and green filament with yellow anther.

flowers are alternatelly arranged,they are pink in color
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark spots
clusters of pink bells are grouped around the stem. the inner part of the bells is white with deep red speckles.
the petals on this flower are pink and white with brown dots.
the flower has one, bell shape purple petal with white around the edges, and purple spots.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
a flower with a purple inside and white tip.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.

the flower has curled pink petals and a yellow pistil.
broad pink petals that form a yellow hexagon shape in the middle of flower.
this flower has petals that are pink with a yellow center
this flower has six pink petals wit the color yellow in the middle
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
this flower has pink petals with a patch of yellow at the center
this flower has five dark pink petals with a yellow star shape on the inside.
this flower has multicolored petals that are yellow near the base and pink along the rest of it.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are multicolored.
a flower with purple petals and yellow in the middle.

the flower has bright red petals that are quite dense and oval.
a broad shaped flower with bright red petals, yellow stamen and red stigma.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are layered and oval shaped.
the flower is red with its petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged in many layers forming disc shape around bunch of stamen
this is a red flower with a dark pink pistil and yellow stamens.
the beautiful red flower is so vivid with petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in disc like manner with yellow stamens in the center
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are red and the pedicel is a golden yellow

this flower has petals that are red and very small
a cluster of flowers with bright pink petals and no visible pistils.
the petals on this flower are red with no visible stamen.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
the petals are a bright red and are shaped like small spines pointing outward.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that appear fluffy.
this flower has red petals as well as a red pistil.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
this flower is a spike of bright red petals with long light green leaves.
this flower has a fringe of hair-like shaggy red petals growing vertically.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow shading
this flower is yellow and peach in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a large number of elongated yellow and maroon colored petals and a group of short dark yellow stamen.
this flower's orange-yellow petals are many and form several layers.
dark green leaves are ridged, while the pale peach and yellow petals of the flowers encircle darker yellow stamen.
this flower has peach petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has yellow gold petals towards the center which surround the group of stamen, and peach colored petals outside the yellow petals.
this flower has a rounded mass of peach colored and pale yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are orange and has yellow shaidng
this flower has stacked layers of small oblong petals that are peach and yellow.

twisted white petals, dark purple at the base, peel back from the flower's center, which is pointed towards the ground because of the curve of the brown stem.
the flower has beautiful petals that are white with their dark violet bottom forming a disc like shape
this unusual flower only has four petals all of which are white with a faded purple color to them and dark purple around the receptacle.
very light lavendar petals with only four specimen around a dark purple base rise inverted from the turned-over head.
the rounded pale pink petals of this flower rise and twist from a dark fuchsia base, where there is no visible stamen or pistil.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a pistil.
this flower is white and pink in color, with oval shaped petals.
this is a beautiful flower that has white petals that stand up and are attached to a deep purple center
this flower has petals that are white and has a purple center
this flower has a sturdy pink stem with smooth, oblong white petals positioned upright.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
this is a sunflower with white petals with yellow stamen
this flower has yellow pistil and smooth white petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this big flower has multiple white finger like petals with a yellow middle.
this flower has lots of white petals arranged in a disk formation with a yellow center.
this flower has a wide yellow center and long, rounded white petals.
this flower has multiple thin white petals with a wide yellow center.

the petals on the flower has pinkish and whitish color
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are rounded.
this waxy pink flower has curved petals and dark pink centers.
this flower has large pink petals and no visible outer stamen
this pink flower has large rounded petals with a yellow green pedicel.
this particular flower has petals that are big and pink
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are thin and round.
this flower has three rounded petals and no other visible parts.
this flower has pink petals with a patch of red at the middle

this purple flower has a white center and petals that touch to form a circle, there are red lines that go down the petal's center toward the outer edge of the flower.
this deep pink flower has delicate, conjoined petals with vivid streaks, fading to a pure white center.
the petals are overlapped and form a star of five points color red.
this flower has bright purple and red petals and a white receptacle.
this flower has one round blossom which is a thin, ruffled pink, with several deeper pink stripes.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white stamen.
a large circular purple flower with a red star marking.
this flower has lavender petals with white stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red lines
the petals of this flower are dark pink and the pistils are white

this flower has small blue petals with white tips on them
the petals of this flower are purprle with a short stigma
the petals of this flower are purple and they are closed
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are bulb shaped.
this flower has purple bell-like pedals with white around the edges.
this flower has vertical layers of tiny bell-shaped purple blossoms.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped and vertically layered.
the flower has round purple petals that look like grapes
this flower has petals that are purple and are bunched together
this flower has small blue petals that are jug-shaped with white edges.

the flower has a green pedicel with bright pink pedals all around.
a flower with pink petals and a green sepal.
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
flower that is a bright pink with many rounded with pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has pink pointy petals that grow darker in color towards the tips.
a very large pink flower, with wide pedals that are pointed upwards, and a thick pedicel.
the petals on this flower are mostly light purple in color and the inner stamen is the color white.
the pink petals are very close together and are a bright, neon pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and is bunhed together
the petals on this flower are light pink and dark pink and the pedicel is green

the flower has spikes and the filaments are large in number.
this flower is green and purple in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
this flower is round and has pointed purple petals with green pointed sepals.
the flower has skinny pointed purple petals, stamen, and pistils.
this flower has a thick rounded green bulb topped with a pink hairy fringe.
this flower has many spiky green leaves along with a bunch of very thin purple petals.
the petals are spiky in appearance and are magenta in color.
a flower with a lot of pistils that are purple and pointed.
this flower is purple and green in color, with sharp and pointed petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with a long style
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has big petals that layer over each other and are pink
a pink flower with white veins coming from the stigma and a tall yellow and red filament.
the flowers pink petals are large and ruffled at the edges, surrounding a yellow pollen tube with red and yellow stamen.
the flower has petals the color of a pale pink with white at the base of the petal streaking to the edges.
this flower has petals that are red and has a big styles
the flower has red petals that are soft, smooth and separately arranged around pistil that has yellow stamen
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are darker near the base of the ovary.
a pink flower with the yellow stamen and stigma and the green leaves

this purple flower is shaped like a wide bell with white central markings.
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
a flower with tube-like petals that are pink with with white and red spots.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple dots
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
tall purple petals, a green sepal, and a spotted interior distinguish this flower.
this flower is characterized by its pink petals, and its white and pink polka dotted appearance in the center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple with whtie spots.
the pink flower has fused petal that are supported by green pedicel
this is a pink flower that is white on the inside of the petals with pink spots toward the receptacle.

this is a white trumpet shaped flower with a purple star formation.
petals are white and form a pretty star pattern of purple in the middle.
the flower has a large blue petal with dark purple in some spots
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are connected together.
this polygon shaped flower has white pedals with streaks of deep blue in the center of them, and a pale green ovary.
this flower has five linked petals of white star shape with purple vertical accents.
this white and blue flower has triangular pedals and a green pedicel.
this flower is white and blue in color, and has petals that have a star on them.
this flower has petals that are white and has blue lines
this flower has a funnel-like shaped petal that is white with blue markings.

the flower has dark purple and light purple colors with green stems.
a pink flower has big pink petals and one of the petals is folded into a cone through which yellow anthers can be seen.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the petals of this flower are white and purple with a short stigma
the flower has petals that are lavender in color and leaves that are green.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple shading
a light purple and white flower with a bell shaped center.
this flower has light pink petals and a bright green pedicel
the light purple petals of this flower are offset by a very dark purple right in the middle.

six spiky orange petals and two blue petals stand above a red and purple stem.
this flower is orange, and black in color, with petals that are pointed.
the pale red flower has an outer layer of oval shaped petals that are yellow in color with purple colored stamen
narrow orange and purple petals
this flower has a pointy orange petal with a dark red pedicel
this flower has pointed orange petals with a touch of blue blossoming out of grey colored bud.
this flower has orange and blue petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower is orange and blue in color, and has petals that are pointed at the tips.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very thin
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange.

this flower is orange in color, with petals that have darker veins.
the flowers are arranged on a stem, and has white anthers in the center.
the flower shown has small yellow petals with white pistil
this flower has petals that are yellow with patches of orange
this flower is small with clustered petals colored bright red and orange.
this orange yellow and red flower has rounded petals and white stamen.
this flower is yellow and white in color, with wavy and wrinkled petals.
this flower has several clusters of small petals ranging in color from yellow to dark red.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange dots
this flower has orange blossoms grouped together with rounded petals and white stamens.

this flower has large bushy yellow petals and no visible stigma in the middle
the beautiful yellow petals of this flower are bursting bright like the sun.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are yellow and ruffled together
this flower has very small yellow petals and pistil as its main features
rows and rows of frilly petals make up this compact, brilliant yellow flower.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are ruffled together
a flower with long and wavy petals that are bright yellow.
this flower is a huge ball of ribbon like yellow flowers with a green stamen.
this flower has a globe-like shape and lots of small yellow petals.

the flower has peach colored petals with dark veins on the petals.
light red petals with orange and green middle dark greens stem and dark green leaves
this flower is orange in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are orange with green stamen
this flower droops down and has very large pale pink petals and a large pistol.
this flower has very big off brown petals and a huge green pedicel
this flower has a thick stamen and wide, deeply veined orange petals.
this pale pink flower has a unique stigma and thick, green pedicel.
there are many gold stamen surrounded by large pink petals with a red vein design.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow style

this flower has rounded, dusty orange flowers with surrounded by rounded green sepals.
this flower is vibrant pink and has a green pedecil.
the pretty flower has a lot of almost orange petals that stack on one another.
peach colored petals are strong together with the staman of the same color attached to the light green buds.
large almost round like green leaf incase the bulbs with bloom into small round red pedals
a red pedaled flower with some green leaves in the center.
this flower has small red petals with smooth surfaces and rounded edges.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are bunched together.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
this flower has full green leaves and crowded flower heads with numerous pink blossoms arranged together.

flowers with several pinkish red petals in a green bush.
this flower occurs in clusters and has a few layers of bright red petals.
the petals of the flower are red in color and have green leaves.
these dark orange petals are clustered on a stalk above dark green leaves of this flower.
the flower has red petals with also red whittish stamen
this flower has small red petals that are rounded in shape and overlapping each other.
this flower has petals that are red andare bunched together
this vibrantly colored red flower has rounded petals and develops in a tight cluster of blooms.
this flower has small and very rounded petals in a bright red hue.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.

this medium flower has pointed petals that go from white to pink.
the petals on this flower are pink on the fringes and going to white towards the center.
the flower has petals that are pink at the tip and gradually turning white towards the centre and has white anthers at the top of yellow filaments
this flower has purple star shaped petals and a yellow pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has layers of wide and pale pink petals with tapered tips.
this flower is pink in color, and has a yellow ovary.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
the petals on this flower are mostly bright soft purple, with yellow stamen.
this flower has a very wide yellow pistil, yellow filaments, and layers of light pink petals.

this flower has petals that are pink with a touch of yellow
this flower has delicately ruffled blossoms of white with pale pink borders.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
the petals of this flower are pink and white with a long stigma
this flower has large white petals that are bright pink on the edges and yellow close to the base.
this flower has white petals that have dark pink surrounding each of them
the flower has petals that are pink and wavy on the edges and white in the middle.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink edges
these flowers have petals which are white in the middle and pink on the edges.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are pink along the edges.

this orange flower has veins that are visible on the petals with white stamen.
the flower shown has wide orange petals with white stamen.
this flower is orange in color, with petals that has veins.
several blossoms are grouped at the end of a branch, they are dark orange, with white stamen.
the petals of the flower are red and orange in color with green leaves.
this flower has orange and red petals that warp around small stubby white stamen.
the flower has four dark orange, asymmetrical petals with dark red veins.
this flower has shell shaped orange and yellow highlighted petals.
the vibrant orange color of the petals are coupled with the bright white stamens that are indicative of the flower.
this flower has orange veiny petals and short white stamen.

this flower has a light pink petal with no stigma or stamen in sight
this flower has petals that are light pink and overlapping.
this flower has many rounded, pale pink petals which appear to get darker toward the center.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are bunched together closely.
the leaves are broad and green in color and the smaller rounded petals are pink in color and closed
this flower has petals that are pink and are ruffled together
this flower has layers of pink petals a light green pedicel.
this petal has beautiful pink petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has many smooth light pink petals that are wrapped around each other.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and closely wrapped around the center.

the flower shown has yellow pedicel with red and white colored petals
this flower has petals that are orange with red dots
this flower is orange and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
a flower with waxy open spotted red and orange petals
the petals of this flower are orange and red with a short stigma
this flower has six prominently spread orange petals with dark red spots.
the petals are orange with red spots and the anthers are yellow.
this flower has petals that are orange and has red dots
this flower has orange and red spotted petals, orange anther filaments and white leaves.
the petals are a brilliant red and orange pattern arranged like a six pointed star.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that are layered.
this flower has petals that are overlapping and lavende wiht green stigma.r
this purple flower has yellow anther and green filaments.
this flower has a large green pistol and numerous layers of purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple with green stamen
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are layered.
this flower has lavender clustered petals with green stamen sitting on a green pedicel.
this flower has an overlapping series of purple petals and green pistil.
this flower has small pointed purple petals and long green anthers.
this flower has blue petals with long and green stamen

this flower has large red petals with black stamen and beige stigma.
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has petals that are red with purple center and white stigma
this flower is bright red with overlapping petals tan stigma and black anthers.
the petals on this flower are red with black stamen.
this flower has a large red petal with a brown and yellow stamen in the center of it.
this flower has petals that are red and has white style
the petals are red and rounded with black stamen in the center.
a pistil and red petals are what distinguishes this flower.
this flower is made up of red clam shaped petals with black spots closer to the pistil.

spiky pink petals with a white cone shaped interior.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
the petals on this flower are pink with white stamen.
this flower has a textured white center surrounded by pointed pink petals which angle upwards.
this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen
this pink and white flower has pointed petals and green sepals.
this flower has thin pink petals and a large white pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are curved upward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white stamen
this cone shaped flower has pink petals and many yellow and white stamen that form a large protruding cylinder in the center.

this flower has petals that are stacked and bright red.
dark red petals long light green leaves ground upward
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower has petals that are red and very small
a red flower with lots of small petals that point upward.
this flower has a vertical row of tiny ruffled red blossoms.
this red flower has a tall pistil, with red petals that are dense, and the leaves are large, broad and smooth.
this flower has petals that are red and bunched together
the petals of this flower are beautiful and crimson and the pedicel is green
this flower has bright red pedals that are very small and attached to a pedicel that is tall.

this is a small flower with pink and white petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and ruffled at the edges
this flower has petals that are pale pink with green pedicel.
the flower has a long green pedicel and thin purple petals.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are wavy and large.
this flower has petals that are pink and white and a ruffled.
this flower has very pale pink petals which are smooth and delicate.
this pink and white flower has rounded petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and has white shading
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.

this flower is blue and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
this flower has a large blue petal and a lot of blue anthers
on this flower there are five bright blue petals and a small white pistil.
this star shaped flower has five wide conjoined blue petals which are slightly ruffled.
this flower has petals that are blue with a white stigma
this flower has a bright blue trumpet-shaped petal with a small white pistil.
this flower has petals that are blue and has white style
this flower has bright blue petals and a dark blue and yellow tipped pistil.
this flower has wide based petals which are blue with dark yellow or black on the bottom.
this flower is blue in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and ruffled.

the flower is yellow with its petals that are soft, smooth and arranged separately in single layer around stamens forming bowl like shape
the flower shown has yellow pistil with small yellow petals
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
this flower has petals that are yellow with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are golden yellow and the pedicel is short and green
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are rounded.
the stamen and leaves of the flower are all yellow, overlapping lightly on each other and almost circle shaped.
this flower has five nearly round bright yellow petals with a group of small yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has yellow stamen

this flower has petals that are red and yellow with spots
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are spotted.
this striking flower has orange and black moddled petals in a star shaped pattern surrounding prominent stamens.
an exotic looking flower with long red and orange petals with matching colored stamen.
a very exotic looking flower with yellow to red petals with red spots on the edge arranged in a linear grouping of six equal petals.
six petals form a sunburst of color with orange and yellow speckled with brown.
this flower has six petals that are long and narrow but rounded of yellow spotted with orange.
this flower is yellow and pink in color, and has petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red dots
oval shaped non-overlapping petals with white and orange textured spots, and few long stamen

this flower has fine small round pink petals with very bright fuchsia centers.
the flower has pink petals with a little purple at the bottom.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are darker near the center.
the petals are small and are shaped like clubs.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple center
this flower has petals that are pink and has a purple center
a small pink flower with a dark pink center and small yellow stamen.
a cluster of light pink tiny blossoms with bright pink centers.
this flower has pink and white petals and no visible stamen.
a flower with five rounded pink petals, white anther, and pink pedicel

the flower has a large pollen tube that is orange and white.
the flower shown has bright red petals which are its dominant feature
the petals of this flower are red with a long stigma
this flower is red and white in color, with only one large petal.
this flower has petals that are red with a white and yellow style
this blood red flower has a heart shaped petal and a white and orange pistil.
this flower has a single bright red petal that has a shiny texture and a large white and orange pistil.
this flower has a single, large red petal, a white anther filament and orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are red ans has a white style
this flower is red, white, and yellow in color, and has a single large petal.

the stigmas are long and have red tips, with yellow anthers around.
this flower has thick large yellow petals that grown down away from the center with long stamen with red anthers.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are drooping downward.
this flower has a yellow petals and is tight and hanging upside down
this flower has a bright yellow flower and a bright yellow stamen
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red stigma
a large yellow upside down cup shaped flower with a long stigma.
this flower has a thick stamen surrounded by wide yellow petals with veined textures.
this flower has yellow petals as well as a green sepal.
the flower's sepel is green, the petals are yellow and overlapping, the filament are white and the anther are brown.

the flower shown has a pink petal with very sharp edges
this flower is pink and blue in color, with petals that are pointy.
the flower has a light pink colored larger sized petals that are pine arranged
this flower has a light purple blossom on either side of a large pink feather-like central area.
this bright pink flower has two lavender petals coming from each side from the middle.
this is a light pink flower with petals that are pointing upward.
this flower is pink and purple in color, and has petals that are vertically layered.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
this flower has a trio of light blue petals that are smoothly textured with a wavy shape.
the pink bloom has overlapping fronds that form a petal shape, with purple flowers blooming out of the fronds.

this flower has wide, soft pale purple petals with dark brown centers.
the petals on this flower are purple surrounding a yellow pistil.
this flower is purple in color, and has large petals that are in the shape of a circle.
this flower has bright purple, round petals and a yellowish pistil.
these three large purple flowers have dark purple centers and yellow stamen.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape.
six or eight bright-purple petals, turning to white nearing the center, with a light-green or light-yellow pistil with six orange stamen surrounding.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this particular flower has petals that are pink, white, and yellow

the flower has several pink colored petals with a lighter shade towards the center.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled back.
this pink colour flower with four lenghty petal around the pistils with the anther at the tip
a flower with purple petals and long lavender pistils in the center.
the flower is long and thin, with pink filaments holding anthers.
the flower has light pink petals, and filaments, with darker pink anthers.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has long and very thin curved petals in shades of pink.
this flower has petals that are pink and are very thin
this flower has long pink petals and thin pink stamen extend straight out of the flower.

the petals are both vertical and horizontal. they have a white color, with dark pink accents on the inside edge. they are also growing on branches which are brown.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
a white and pink flower with large pointed petals that curl inward.
the petals of the flower are white with pink details and have pointed tips.
this is a huge big flower with white big long petals that are pink at the base, and long strong pedicel.
the large white petals of this flower also has a tint of purple to them.
this flower has large tapered and very smooth white petals with a deep pink center.
this flower has petals that are white and has a pink center
this flower has pure white petals, a pink receptacle and brown stems.
this flower has large white petals that have a pink base near the pistil area.

this flower has a large red spade shaped petal with a large yellow stamen with little bumps all over it.
this flower has a bright red petal, and a yellow pollen tube.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow style
the flower shown has bright red petals and a yellow pistil
this flower is red and yellow in color, with only one large petal.
a large flower, with one large red pedal, and a very large pistil.
this flower has a textured white stamen and a shiny thick red petal.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow pistil.
this flower has a red, waxy leaf with a tall, yellow pistil in the center.
this large flower has one large heart shaped shiny red petal and a bright yellow pistil and green leaves.

this flower is blue in color, with petals that are star shaped.
this flower has a tiny white center blossom surrounded by five large blue petals with pointed tips.
this flower has small, think, floppy blue petals and one vibrant white pistil.
the petals of the flower are joint forming a bell, with the stigma in the center.
this flower has petals that are blue with long stigma
this flower has blue pedals and a beautiful white stigma
this flower has petals that are blue and has a big white style
this flower blue and green in color, and has petals that are wavy and spotted on the inside.
this flower has pointed, blue-violet petals centered around a white stigma.
this flower has bright blue petals with a white pistil and a green ovary.

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
a feathery purple flower with a pine cone type center.
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
this flower has a lot of spiky purple petals and a green stigma in the middle
this flower has petals that are purple with a long stigma
the feathery petals are purple and the stamen are clustered in a green pine cone shape.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
this flower has long spiky purple petals and a cone-shaped pistil.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a big style
this flower has a thick blue pistil and long jagged petals.

this large white bell shaped flower has one connected white petal
this flower has pale white petals that curve out from the ovule and has a single white stamen.
the flower is white in color with a white filament and white anther.
this flower is white in color, with one large cone shaped petal.
this flower has petals that are white with a white filament.
the petals are large and round and white and the stigma is delicate and yellow.
a white flower with a funnel shaped look and a long clear stigma.
this flower has petals that are white and has peach stigma
this white flower has large petals and white anther and filament.
this all white flower has unseparated petals with a small cluster of stamen on anther.

this flower has a nice center of stamen with beautiful red petals.
this flower has a set of red petals and a yellow interior.
a larger flower with red petals a yellow stamen and stigma.
this flower has a large red petal with a yellow anther and filament
this flower is red and yellow in color, and has petals that are small and wavy.
this flower has 5 large crimson petals with an exposed pistil featuring visible stamen.
this bold colored flower is red petals with inner stamen of yellow color.
this flower has five distinct and very wide red petals around a vivid yellow center.
there is a single ring of red petals which turn to yellow in the center of the flower, along with small yellow stamen.
this flower has ruffled red feather with yellow stamen

this flower is a beautiful fire orange color with clover shaped pedals.
the a bright orange colored flower has four pretty petals and the pistil and stamens in the center are short and pale yellow in color.
the flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges and white stigma.
this flower has petals that are orange with yellow edges
this flower is orange and red in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has four small and very rounded pale red petals with delicate veins.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
this flower has brightly colored petals that are orange with a little bit of yellow.
this flower has bright orange petals that are round and there are only four per flower, while there are visible stigmas.
the bright orange petals have dark red veins and surround small white stamens.

purple flower with small white flowers inside.
the flower has purple petals with purple anther and filament
the flower is formed multiple petals that have their own stamen.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are rounded.
this thin-stemmed flower has protruding thin stamen and multiple small violet blossoms protruding from its center.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower is light purple in color, with oval shaped petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has masses of very pale purple petals which are smooth and rounded.

the flower has many small pink petals with green sepal
the petals of this flower are purple with many long stigmas
the petals of this flower are magenta with a long stigma
this flower has pointed green sepals surrounding several layers of fringed purple petals.
this flower is green and red in color, with petals that are curled upward.
this flower has thick layers green and pink sepals underneath a disk of thin spiky purple petals.
this flower has rings of long purple needle like pedals with a yellow stamen.
this flower has a mound of thick spiky green petals topped with a pale purple fringe.
a pineapple shaped flower that is green and a very large stigma.
this flower has petals that are green and has purple stringy stamen

this flower is white and black in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
a flower with white bell shaped petals with deep purple speckles on the inside.
bell shaped petals with magenta speckling inside in a symmetrical pattern down the pedicel.
beautiful bell shaped white petals with red speckles on the inside.
the flower shown has bell shaped white petals with patched of purple
this flower has a large number of white bell-shaped petals with purple spots.
this flower has white spotted petals and white stamen inside the petals.
this flower has petals that are white and has purple dots
this flower has a wide rounded trumpet shape in white with purple accents.
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are bell shaped and spotted.

this flower is red in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
the red flower has petals that are soft, thin and arranged in single layer around stamens forming disc shape
this flower has petals that are red with small white stanem
the petals of the flower are red in color and have small green leaves.
this flower has multiple red blossoms grouped together with rounded petals and a white pistil.
these flowers have dark orange and yellow petals with yellow anthers.
these bunched flowers have about five delicate, orangish-red petals with white centers and pale green sepals.
the flower has four red petals, and there are numerous blossoms on one plant.
these small red flowers have four round petals and white stamen.

this flower has broad, long yellow petals, and its stamen is wrapped up in a protective layer.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a long stigma
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are curled and ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and folded down
a pointy tipped flower with large floppy yellow petals and a green pedicel.
a flower with a thick green stem, a cone shaped stamen, and yellow petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are yellow.
a cone shaped flower with floppy yellow petals circling around a green pedicel
this flower has petals that are yellow and fold downwards
a yellow flower with a green steam that is attached.

the flower shown has green pedicel with white sepal and green pistil
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has prominent green stamen with purple anthers surrounded by a hairlike purple fringe and long rounded white petals.
this flower has petals that are green with purple stringy stamen
the petals on this flower are white with an elaborate pistil.
it has beautiful pale green leaves with light purple on the inside and it's wide open.
this flower has petals that are green and has stringy purple stamen
this flower has long oval shaped white petals which are arranged flat around purple stigma.
this exotic flower has slim purple and white pedals with a strange green pollinator.
the flower has a large oddly shaped pistil with purple anthers.

this flower has petals that are white with white stamen
the petals of this flower are green with a long stigma
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
a cone shaped flower with light white stamen and large white purple tipped petals.
the bright white trumpet shaped blossom is highlighted in the center by a series of equally white stamen.
this flower has white petals as well as a white stamen.
this flower is white with light purple edges, with a broad trumpet shape.
this white and purple tinted flower has one petal with white stamen.
this flower has petals that are white and has long stamen
the flower has white stamen and white petals that are wavy on the edges.

flower with small spikey purple petals on a large green pedicel
this flower is pink and green in color, with petals that are pointed.
a purple and pink flower with lots of tiny petals and a dark green pedicel.
the petals of the flower are thin filaments that are pink in color.
this flower has petals that are green with pink stigma
this flower has unique needle like petals which very thin many in number
this flower has petals that are purple and very stringy
this flower has a spiky green base from which protrude hair-like thin pink petals.
this flower has bright pink petals and a furry green pedicel
the petals on this flower are mostly purple in color and the inner stamen is the color white.

the flower has nice red petals with red and white stamen in the center
a flower with bright red petals and pistils with white anther filaments.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are curled at the edges.
this flower has petals that are red with white stamen
this flower has dark red petals and a few whit stamen with white anthers on it
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are curled back at the edges.
this flower has wide red petals with curled edges which slightly overlap.
this flower has petals that are red and has white stamen
the flower has pink stamen and red round soft petals.
the petals of this flower are big and red and the pedicel is green

this flower is white and green in color, with petals that are leaf like.
this flower has petals that are white with yellow stigma
this flower has peach petals with green pistil in the center as its main features
this flower has overlapping layers of pointed white petals which are veined and leaflike.
the petals of this flower are white with a short stigma
a flower with long pointed leaves that are white and green.
this flower has beige colored broad petals, green stamen and yellow and red anther filaments.
this flower has white petals with sharp edges and yellow stamen in the inside of it.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow stamen
this flower has layers of solid white petals with pointed tips that vary greatly in size.

these flowers has white large petals with green in the middle
the flower has white petals and a long green pedicel.
the petals of the plant are white in color with green sepals.
this flower has petals that are white with green lines
this flower is yellow and white in color, with petals that have veins.
a white flower with five petals that form a star shape
this white petal flower has dark green veins running through the petals to the center with few sepals slightly below the petals.
this flower has a light yellow receptacle, white petals with uneven edges and light yellow veins.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow lines
the petals of this flower are white and the pistil is an olive yellow

the anthers are over a round structure, with long purple petals.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this is a flower with eight pale pink petals and a yellow center.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the flower has long pink petals that are jagged at the ends.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, and has petals that are uneven on the tips.
the flower has thin wavy purple petals with yellow stamen.
this flower has a wheel-like configuration of light pink petals with slightly notched ends.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this petal has light pink petals and a very golden yellow pistil

this flower has bright purple layered petals going upward with green sepals.
the flower shown has several purple petals that turn upwards.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are pointed.
this flower has petals that are pink with many layers
the petals on this flower are pink with no visible stamen.
this unique flower is a beautiful pink and has long sharp green leaves.
this flower has petals that are pink and are foled upwards
this flower has long thin green leaves and bright pink sepal.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped and vertically layered.
a flower with long and pointed petals that are purple.

this flower has petals that are purple with a patch of red
sepals are greenred in color,outer petal is red in color nd the inner petal is purple in clor
what i love about this flower is how it transitions colors in its petals.
this flower is red and purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has green mossy pedicel with bright purple petals as its main features
this flower has red and purple petals with tiny pointy receptacles around it.
this flower is purple and red in color, and has petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are red and purple and folded apart
a red and purple color flower petals with green pedicel
the flower has small amount of petals that are bright pink and purple colored.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the petals on this flower are yellow with a yellow pistil in the center
the flower has bright yellow petals, a yellow pistil and sharp green leaves.
this flower has petals that are yellow with a yellow stigma
this blossom has outer and inner petals with the inner petals forming a cup, an a large pistil in the center.
this flower has yellow petals, one of which forms a trumpet shape at the center and the rest are in a star shaped configuration.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
this flower has a ruffled yellow trumpet surrounded by yellow petals.
a thick yellow pollen tube is surrounded by a smooth yellow petal.

this flat flower has five light blue petals and a yellow core.
the petals on this flower are blue with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are blue with yellow center
the petals of this flower are blue with a short stigma
this flower is white and blue in color, with petals that are yellow near the center.
a very large blue pentagon shaped flower with a yellow center.
this flower has petals that are blue and has a yellow center
this flower is light blue in color, and has petals that are yellow near the ovary.
the petals of the flower are blue in color and have a yellow inside with white veins.
this flower has a funnel-like appearance with a light blue petal and a yellow ovary.

this is a white flower with a pink stripe down the petals.
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this is a pale white flower of six petals with single pink ribs and a small cluster of fur like stamen.
this white flower has the simple row of five petals with the stamen at the center
pale pink pedals with white middles and dark green leaves
this flower has white petals with light pink stripes down their center.
a white flower that has pink running through the center of it's petals with a large ovule in it's center.
this flower is white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has six thick pointed petals with center vertical stripes of darker pink.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink lines

this is a round shaped bright pink flower with a white center.
this flower has white pistil and smooth purple petals as its main features
the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has petals that are pink with white center
this flower has petals that are pink with white stamen.
this flower has a bright pink petal with a white ovary.
this flower has large pink petals with a white center.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are ruffled and white near the ovary.
these flowers have pink petals with white stamen in the center of them.
this flower has petals that are pink and has a white center

the flower has petals that are thick, smooth with a pointy tip and red in color
this flower is stacked high with many pink petals, the sepal are the same pink color
a flower tower with petals that are red and stacked on top of each other.
an all red flower with thick and pointy red petals.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are vertically stacked.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has a chevron of vertical red petals which are thick and waxy.
this flower has thick, shiny red petals that layer on top of one another.
pointy red petals sit atop each other on this bright colored flower.
this flower has petals that are red and are folded upward together

this flower is blue and green in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has an interesting purple pistil and thick purplish petals.
a flower that has very many filaments that are lavender colored
the flower has many purple anther and filaments on top
this flower has several fat, triangular purple sepals surrounded by hundreds of very thin bright purple petals.
this flower has purple and white long narrow stamen , pink anther filaments, a yellow orange ovule, and green, brown and pink petals.
there is a cluster of light lilac bristle like florets over several layers of deep purple and green petals in a star configuration.
a large flower that is green and purple stigma center.
this flower has extremely thick petals like artichoke thick and a huge center on top with hundreds of very long light purple stamen spiking out of it.
this flower has petals that are orange and are very stringy

this flower has petals that are green with purple stigma
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower has long white petals and many purple stamen.
this flower has long white petals, long green stamen, and small purple anthers
this flower has pointed white petals with pink receptacle and large purple bud like anthers with green pedicel
this white flower has a lot of purple stamen rising from the middle of its multiple pointed petals.
the petals are pointed and white with green strips and the stamen are pink with pink and green anther.
this flower has petals that are white and has flowery stigma
this flower has tapered white petals surrounding tiny inner blossoms of pale pink.
this flower has white petals, purple pistils, and a small green pedicel

light purple petals dark purple and the yellow middledark green leaves
this pink flower has the simple row of petals holding the green pistil and the prominent yellow anthers
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are pink with a long stigma
the petals are a rosy pink color with brown towards the middle, and the stigma is yellow.
this pale pink flower has wide petals and bright yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow stamen
this particular flower has petals that are light brown and yellow
this flower has a green pistil, yellow stamen, and light pink petals.

this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are oddly shaped.
the petals are blooming and the pedicel can be seen.
this flower has petals that are yellow and very thin
the flower has small petals that are yellow in color and green leaves.
the flower has a long red pedicel and red petals that are also yellow.
this flower has broad, round leaves, a long crimson pedicel as well as overlapping crimson petals with yellow anthers.
a tropical flower with nested inflorescence of the dark pink petals and yellow stamen emerging from their tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow tips
the flower has deep purple petals with yellow pistal and stamen.
this flower has very long green leaves with many pink sepals and small yellow petals.

this five-petalled bell-shaped lavender flower has yellow anthers emerging from its throat.
the flower has purple petals with a purple pollen tube and white stamen
this star shaped flower has a prominent purple pollen tube surrounded by five large, veined purple petals.
this is a beautiful purple colored flower with long thick petals.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have small veins.
this flower has a star shape, with pointy-tipped purple petals and delicate veins.
the pretty purple flower has large petal with the green stems
this flower has petals that are purple and has blue lines
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that have veins.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and green

this flower has curved long pink petals and long red stamen on it
the petals on this flower are long and going downward.
long, narrow pink petals with a large round multicolored pistil.
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are drooping down.
this flower's brown center is surrounded by downturned long pink petals.
this flower has purple petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has think pink petals that has red stamen
the petals of this flower are flat and pink and the stigma is red.
this flower is pink and orange in color, and has petals that are oval shaped and drooping.
this light purple flower has multiple petals and a thick orange pistil in the middle.

this flower has large purple petals and a white stamen in the center
the flower is capsule in shape and light purple in color with s maller stamens that are white in color
this flower has petals that are purple with red lines
this flower is purple and pink in color, with petals that are striped in the center.
this trumpet shaped flower has five large conjoined light purple petals with a darker purple star shaped design.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal. the petals are purple colored.
this flower has petals that are purple and has red lines
this flower is purple and pink in color, and has petals that red multi colored.
this flower has a purple pistil is of radial symmetry. the pollen tube is white in color. no visible stigma.
a six sided dark purple flower with a maroon marking with a white stigma.

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this flower has smooth purple petals as its main feature
this flower has large purple petals, and no visible stamen in sight
a small purple flower with ruffled petals and purple stamen.
the petals of the flower are purple in color and curl along the edges.
this flower has large wide purple petals whose edges are ruffled slightly.
this flower has large blue petals with irregular and curly edges arranged in a trumpet-like shape.
a flower with a long and wide petal that is purple.
this flower has petals that are purple and ruffled together
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are oddly shaped.

this is a bright yellow flower where the petals are pointed and dense.
this flower has a hundred or more long slender yellow petals that surround the reproductive parts of the flower.
the petals of this flower are yellow with a short stigma
a flower with small thin individual yellow petals and large yellow anther and filaments.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are very skinny.
yellow stamen are round and in the center of the small yellow petals which circle it.
this flower has petals that are yellow and are very stringy
this flower has a dense amount of thin yellow petals and stamens.
this flower is yellow in color, and has petals that are very skinny.
the beautiful yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and needle like and also arranged separately in different layers forming disc like shape around yellow stamens in the center

this flower has pale pink petals which are long and thin with a red brown pistil
this flower has long pink petals and long red stamen in the center of it
this flower is pink and red in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has pointy pink petals and a red center.
this flower has petals that are purple with red stamen
the petals are light pink and surround red and green stamens.
this flower has light purple petals arranged in a ring formation.
this pink flower has pointed petals and a green pedicel.
the petals of this flower are pink and the pistil is huge, red and green
this flower has petals that are pink and has red stamen

the flower has curled, jagged purple petals that turn yellow towards the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow patches
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are ruffled and wavy.
the petals on this flower are purple with dashes of yellow.
a pink flower with curled petals that point downward held by a green pedicel.
this flower has wide pink petals with ruffled edges and a wide mouth.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are curled and wavy.,
this flower has petals that are pink and has shades of yellow
the flower has many wavy petals that are deep pink and orange.
these flowers have purple petals with some yellow that look wilted and droopy.

this flower has petals that are white with yellow patches
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are rounded.
the petals of this flower are white with a long stigma
a flower with low amount yet large white pedals, and a white center.
the flower shown has smooth white petals with yellow pistil
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow patches
a flower with long and wide petals that are white.
the white and yellow pistil is very apparent against the paper-like white petals.
this flower has petals that are smooth and mostly white with a little bit of yellow.
this flower is four white fan shaped flowers surrounding a yellow stamen and stigma.

the flower has a smooth white petal with yellow in the center
the flower has five petals that are yellow with white edges.
this flower has large white petals with bright yellow coloring on them
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this petals on this flower are yellow in the center and white on the edge.
a white and yellow star shaped flower with thick pedals.
this flower is white and yellow in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
the petals are white at the edges and yellow towards the center and form the shape of a five point star.
this flower has white and yellow petals that are smoothly textured and arranged in a spiraling star-like fashion.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has white edges

this flower has a spiked green bulb topped with a hairlike fringe of purple petals.
this flower has many pointy shaped pink pedals with a huge green thorny base.
this flower is green and pink in color, with petals that are pointy.
this flower has petals that are pink and very stringy
the petals on this flower are pink with pink stamen.
this flower has a wide spiked green bulb topped with a pink fringe of hair-like petals.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are very skinny and bunched together.
this flower has petals that are green and has pink stamen
a large green ovule with pink petals stemming out of it's top.
this flower has a dome-like configuration of very skinny pink petals.

the royal blue star-shaped flower, with white tips, has fused petals and five streaks of green, framing the white pistil.
the flower has purple petals with a white and green stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple with white stigma
these flowers have star shaped petals with white pointy tips.
this flower is blue and white in color, with petals that are white on the tips.
this flower has a tube shaped blue petal with white markings on the interior.
this flower has petals that are blue and has green shading
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are white on the tips.
this flower's petals are blue with white pointed tips with a freckled yellow stamen.
this flower has a trumpet-like shape with bright blue petals with white tips.

these purple bell shaped flowers have petals with speckles of back and white on them.
this flower has a large purple petal and a lot of black spots
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
the flower is bell shaped and has petals that are fused together and has spots at the inner region
the petals are light fuchsia downard sloping bells with purple and white spotted inners, with the sepals hugging the bell petals.
this flower has purple downward pointing petals and green sepals and pedicel.
this flower has light purple cone-shaped petals that have dark dots leading to the center.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are bulb shaped ad drooping downward.
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple dots
these lavender petals form a bell shape with white and dark purple speckles on the inside of the bell.

this flower has petals that are yellow and is bellow shaped
this is a yellow flower with a long green pedicel.
this flower has long yellow petals with no visible outer stamen on it
this flower features yellow petals in a bell pattern surrounded by yellow sepals
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled on the edges.
daffodil style yellow flower with a corona of petals around the sepal
this flower has a prominent yellow trumpet shaped petal surrounded by a star-like configuration of yellow petals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has a bell shape
the flower has flat oval pointed yellow petals and yellow petals that are shaped like a trumpet.
this flower has a row of longer yellow petals that surround more yellow horn shaped petals.

the stamen on this flower is bright yellow in color, while the petals are royal purple. the petals are arranged in an overlapping single layer.
this flower is purple and yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and uneven on the edges.
this flower has purple petals with yellow pistil as its main features
this flower has the row of blue petals which are shaded with black at the end holding the green pistils and the stamens with the yellow anther
this flower has large and rounded purple petals with smooth and slightly ruffled edges.
this flower has deep purple petals around a green stamen, with yellow stigma on top.
the large purple petals of the flower surround and protect the yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are purple and papery, while the stamens are visible and there seem to be just four distinct stamens per flower, but the stigmas are large and yellow.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen
this flower has very bright purple petals that have a smooth texture and curled edges.

the flower has many small red petals with red stamen in the center
the petals of this flower are red with a short stigma
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has thin and long red petals and a lot of red anthers
the flower has many petals that are red with red filaments.
these flowers have layers of small orange petals in layers overlapping one another.
a large pink flower has narrow petals and a large, short stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are layered on top of each other.
this flower has petals that are red and has maroon stamen
this flower has a couple of layers of pink oblong petals.

pale, black spotted pink petals curl away from long pistils and stamens in this downward facing blossom.
the stamen are longer in length with larger brown anthers
the petals of this flower are peach with brown spots with a long stigma
this flower has curved red petals with black dots and it has stamen that are long and light red
this flower is pink and black in color, with petals that are spotted.
a flower with long and narrow petals that are orange with brown spots.
this particular flower has petals that are long and curved and dark red
this flower has petals that are red and has black dots
this flower has orange petals with black dots and long orange stamens.
this flower has orange petals with black pokey-dots, the stamen is very long with black filaments.

this is a trumpet shaped delicate white flower with a yellow throat
this flower has white and yellow petals with white stamen.
this fluttery bell shaped flower has one connected solid petal.
this flower is white and yellow in color, with petals that are connected together.
the flower has petals that are white with yellow stamen.
this flower has a rounded wide trumpet shape and a small yellow center.
this flower has bright white petals surrounding a small bright yellow center.
this flower has petals that are white and has yellow center
the petals on this flower are mostly white in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow.
the petals on this flower are white and the pistils are yellow

this flower has petals that are burgundy with yellow strips and a single petal that is light pink.
this flower has petals that are pink with purple and yellow lines
this flower has yellow stripes on the purple petals and the stigma is yellow.
the petals of this flower are red and yellow with a long stigma
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are mutli colored.
this pink yellow and black flower has rounded petals and a yellow pistil.
a pedicel and pink petals adorn this flower in the photo.
the petals on this flower are asymmetrical and differ in colors.
this flower has petals that are pink and has yellow shading and lines
a flower with long and wide petals that are light pink.

this flower is red and orange in color, and has petals that are shaped like a cup.
the sepal of the flower is orange while the top of the flower is red in color.
this flower has a long tubular shape and is orange in color.
this flower has an orange petal and a yellow pedicel
the flower has a tube shaped red petal with a yellow pedicel
this flower has light orange receptacles with tubular shaped petals that are a darker shade of orange in color.
this flower has petals that are red and in a bell shape
this long flower has bright red-orange petals as well as light orange sepals.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, and has petals that are horn shaped.
flower, yellowish sepals, elongated reddish-orange tube-like flower structure with 90 degree angle radiating petal ends.

this flower has a lot of red petals that are stacked up on each other
the flower has petals that are upright and bright red.
a large feathery type brightly colored flower cluster that forms a tall spike.
this flower has tall, stacked red petals that are coarse and feathery.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are fluffy.
the flower has several layers of petals that are bright red.
this flower has a large number of bright red petals that make a cone configuration.
this flower has petals that are red and are bunched together
the flower has very tiny bright red petals scattered throughout.

this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are red with yellow center
the petals on this flower are red with yellow stamen.
this flower has short yellow stamen surrounded by layers of overlapping red petals.
this flower has double layers of peach red petals with a center area of yellow stamen.
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has layers of thick red petals with smooth sides and tapered tips.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow stamen
the petals of this flower are canary red and the pistils are yellow
this flower has multiple rows of bright red oblong petals.

the petals of this flower are pink with a short stigma
this flower has large pink petals that come to a point at their tips.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with petals that are pointed at the tips.
the flower shown has petals which are pink with yellow stamen in the middle
this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
the flower has several red petals surrounding unformed buds.
this flower is pink and yellow in color, with leaf like petals.
this flower has petals that are red and has green stamen
a flower with long and pointed leaves that are dark red and green.
this flower has overlapping red leaf-like petals with yellow anther in the center.

this round purple flower hss conjoined petals and a rounded white center.
this flower is white and pink in color, and has petals that are multi colored.
the flower has pink petals with dark pink petal centers and whit pistils.
the symmetrical violet petals ring a white center and small white stamen
the flower has a circular purple petal with a white patch in the middle of it
this flower's purple petals form a nearly perfect which surround a cluster of small white stamen.
this flower has a rounded funnel-shaped petal with generally smooth edges and a pink color scheme.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a yellow center
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are rounded in shape and lighter near the center.
this flower has purple petals as well as a white pistil.

this flower has several layers of very large white petals which have pink accents and rounded edges.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
the stamen on this flower is orange with giant pink and white petals
the white and pale pink flower features petals arranged in an overlapping pattern.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
the color of this flowers large smooth petals is white with a bit of pink as well and a pink pollen tube.
this flower has layers of wide and thick white petals with pink backs.
the slightly pointed petals are light pink and white and surround a cluster of pink stamens.
this flower is pink and white in color, and has petals that are oval shaped.
this flower has petals that are white and has pin edges

sepals rae green in clor,flowew is purple in color witha prominent pistil
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are bell shaped.
this flower's fuchsia petals trumped out sharply and house one long pale stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple with flowery stigma
this flower has petals that are bright pink with a white stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has green stigma
this flower has a wide trumpet shape with rounded, outward-curving petals.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pistil.
a flower with connected petals that curl outwards and is purple.

this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are wavy and rounded.
this flower has sparse petals with dark brown stripes on some of them.
this flower has large dark yellow petals that are light on the outer edge.
the petals on this flower are orange with orange stamen.
this flower has petals that are orange with dark lines
this flower has large yellow and white petals with small yellow stamens.
this flower has rounded orange petals with a wrinkled texture.
this flower has a dark and light yellow color to it with green leaves
this yellow-orange flower has hairy protrusions on its petals and darker stripe-like markings near the base of the pistils, possibly to mimic bees.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stigma

there are interesting petals that are rough and point straight up.
these flowers have willowy and fluffy blooms in both red and pink.
this flower has a bunch of red petals and there is no stigma in sight
the flower has petals that are pink or orange and upright.
this flower is red in color, with petals that are fluffy in appearance.
from a distance these flowers look like multi-colored bushes. the are low to the ground and can be seen in this picture in red and pink. the leaves are flat and broad and appear to lay directly on the ground.
this flower has a vertical fringe of thick shaggy red and pink petals.
the petals are tiny and bright red and the sepals are wrinkled and green.
the petals of this flower are red and coral like and the pedicel is green
this flower has petals that are red and pink and ruffled together

this flower has clusters of large petals that are striking colors such as red with yellow veins.
the green petals surround the orange petals and the stamen cannot be seen.
this flower is red and yellow in color, with petals that are ruffled.
this flower has petals that are orange with hints of yellow
this flower has an odd arrangement of red petals with randomly placed streaks of orange.
this blood orange flower has rounded petals with small yellow splotches on its surface.
this flower is red in color, and has petals that are wavy and wrinkled.
the petals of this flower are orange red and the sepals are medium green.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow spots
this flower has large red petals with purple petals as well and a green pedicel.

this flower has petals that are pink with yellow stamen
this flower has petals that stick out while it also has petals that go up to cover the stamen and pollen tube.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are pink on the edges.
this flower has light pink petals and anthers that are yellow in color
a flower with light pink petals and a large stigma accompanied by yellow pistils.
this flower has overlapping white and pink petals with a large yellow pistil in the center.
a flower with bright pink petals and a yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a yellow stamen.
the petals on this flower are mostly light pink in color and the inner stamen is the color yellow and orange.
there are layers of veined pink petals around the pistil.

this flower has vibrant pink and white petals with a light pink stamen.
a flower with one large pink petal and cluster of pink and white stamen.
this flower has petals that are pink with pink stamen
this is a pink flower with large petals and purple near the ovary.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are darker near the ovary.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are blue near the base of the ovary.
this flower has a thick pink pistil and large pink petals with a ribbed texture.
wide, rounded petals, streaked with shades of light pink and a pink stlye in the center
this flower has petals that are pink and has white lines
petals are striped with pink and purple and it is difficult to tell if they are all one petal or separate, with a bulbous pistil visible with pink stamen.

this flower is pink and orange in color, with petals that are multi colored.
this flower has orange petals that are pointy and a green stigma in the center
this flower has petals that are yellow, pink and black
this flower has thick leafy orange and pink petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are orange with a short stigma
this is a multi-colored flower that starts as green and turns red and orange as it gets closer to the receptacle.
this flower has staggered layers of orange and pink petals that are long and pointed.
orange and red petals are surronded by green pointed sepals.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red tips
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a stamen. the petals are orange colored with purple tips.

large pale purple petals with dark purple veins in a conical shape surrounded by dark green leaves.
this flower has green pedicel and purple petals as its main features
sepals are green,flower is purple in color and is capsule in shape
this flower is purple in color, with petals that have veins.
this flower has petals that are purple with dark lines
this flower has petals that are pink and has purple lines
this flower's purple petals form a cone around a dark purple center.
this flower has purple veined petals and a green pedicel.
this flower has delicate pale purple petals which are conjoined into a round star shape, with darker veins.
these flowers are pink with many dark purple veins inside of their ruffled leaves.

the flower has red and orange petals surround the yellow stamen in the center of the flower
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are striped down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow with orange lines
the blossom has two rows of long, slender pointy petals, orange with yellow on the edges, and a round yellow center surrounded by brown.
this flower's wide yellow center is surrounded by several layers of pointed yellow petals with red centers.
this flower is yellow, red, and black in color, with multi colored petals.
this flower has overlapping bright yellow petals with darker coloration toward the middle.
the flower on this particular picture has petals as well as a sepal.
this flower has yellow pointed petals with a brown stripe down the petal.
this flower has yellow petals that have red lines on them and many stamen

the petals are a deep and vibrant purple with many yellow stamen visible in the center.
the petals of the flower are dark purple with yellow stamen and green leaves.
flower has dark purple leaves and small yellow pistils in the middle
the flower shown has a large purple petal along with yellow anther and filament
deep lavender pointed petals with many yellow-white stamen
this purple flower has pointed petals with yellow and white stamen.
the flower has large oval petals that are deep purple colored.
this flower has deep purple petals with stamen hairs in the center if it.
this flower has large purple petals with long yellow stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has yellow stamen

a simple round shaped violet pedals with a green steam.
this flower has large, rounded petals of pale violet, which slightly overlap.
a flower that has very light colored lavender petals with a brown receptacle
this flower is light purple in color, and has petals that have small veins.
the flower has petals that are light purple with a yellow stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green sepal.
this flower has light violet petals and the pedicel is green
this flower has lavender petals that get lighter the closer they get to the pistil.
this flower has a wide green sepal with a funnel-like blossom coming out of it consisting of light purple petals.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a satellite shape

this flower is purple in color, with petals that are wavy and curled.
this burgundy colored flower has stamens on each open round petal that get lighter in color as they open, and the pistil and a few more stamens are hidden in the center, which can be seen when the petals open all the way.
this flower has petals that are red, purple and folded together
the bearded iris has deep purple petal that accent the center in one level and surround the center in another level.
the petals on this flower are purple with no visible stamen.
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
the petals are ruffled and curled outwards and vary in color from bright red to burgundy.
this flower is orange and purple in color, and has petals that are wavy and ruffled..
this flower has petals that are red and are folded downards
this flower has brightly colored petals in varying shades of purple and red.

this purple prickly flower looks a lot like a weed, in that it's green stem is prickly.
this purple flower has many tiny, thin petals clustered together.
the bloom on the spikey plant is bright pink in color and has layers of pink filaments.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are very small and skinny.
this thorny flower has a thick stem and many small, thin purple petals.
this flower has a lot of very skinny light purple petals forming a dome-like configuration.
this flower has petals that are purple and are very thin
this flower is purple and green in color, and has petals that are spike like.
this flower has a green spiky mound topped with a fringe of purple hairs.
this flower has spiked green petals and hairy like purple stamen.

this flower has petals that are red with yellow stamen
this flower has five distinct red petals which are wide with rounded edges.
this flower is orange and yellow in color, with petals that are multi colored.
the flower shown has orange rounded petals as its main feature.
the petals of this flower are orange with a long stigma
this flower has red petals as well as a yellow stamen.
this flower has wide red petals which are very rounded in shape.
this orange and red flower has rounded petals and yellow stamen with orange anthers.
this flower is yellow and orange in color, and has petals that are lighter near the center.
this flower has petals that are red and has yellow shading

the flower has petals that are red with yellow edges and a brown center.
the petals of the flower are yellow with red insides and a yellow center.
a large yellow flower, with red stripes on long, skinny petals, heading towards a large center
this flower is yellow and red in color, with petals that are pointed on the ends.
this flower has a wide yellow center surrounded by slightly tapered yellow petals with red centers.
this flower has bright petals with pointed tips, yellow edges, and red stripes down the middle.
this flower has wide tapered yellow petals with vertical red stripes.
this flower is yellow and red in color, and has petals that are red down the center.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has red lines
a bright yellow flower with a deep center and red stripes.

this is a flower with large purple petals as well as small white petals.
a flower with broad ribbed purple petals and thick purple stigma
this flower has petals that are purple with flowery stigma
this flower is purple and white in color, with petals that are very small.
this flower has bright purple overlapping petals with a white stigma.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a flowery stigma
this flower has purple leaves with veins and pointy tips, surrounding tiny white blossoms.
this flower is purple and white in color, and has petals that are very small.
this flower has bright purple petals, purple filaments and white anthers that are shaped in a white flower.
this particular flower has petals that are purple and light center steams

the flower is strange looking , the petals is long and purple and pink in color
this flower has purple sepal and pink petals as its main features
this flower has petals that are purple and pink and skinny
outer petals are maroon in color,inner petals are red in color
this flower is pink and purple in color, with petals that are curled and skinny.
this flower has spiky pink petals that are sparsely arranged and purple spiky sepals.
the petals are purple with pink tainted with red above them.
the flower has purple petals around its base, and then several bright pink, trumpet shaped petals on top.
this flower has petals that are pink and purple and are very thin
the sepal is a dark purple while the petals are long, tubular and a dark pink radiating out in all directions.

the purple petals of this flower surround the stamen area.
this flower has layers of medium purple petals that are rounded on the edges.
the flower has multiple petals that are quite dull in color which is primarily purple or light pink.
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are curled downward.
this flower has petals that are purple and sagging downward
this flower has light purple petals wrapped around a center that is attached to a dark green pedicel.
a dark purple oval shaped pedal with a darker purple stripe with a green pedicel.
this flower has large dark purple petals and a dark green pedicel.
this flower has petals that are pink and are folded together
dark purple pedtals point and lay close to the ground.

this flower has white petals with pink dots on them and also has long pink stamen.
this flower has white petals, the inner sections of the top of which have purple speckling, and long pink pistels.
this flower has petals that are white with pink dots
the petals on this flower are white colored with spots of purple
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
this flower has petals that are white and has pink stamen
this flower is white and pink in color, with petals that are spotted.
five round shaped petals that are white on the edges fading into pale pink with two of the petals having bright pink spots towards the center and the five to seven stamens are shooting out of the center, tall and pink.
a flower with long and wide petals that are white with purple speckles.
this flower has five large white petals with fuchsia accents and thin pink stamen.

this flower has a bell shape with pink petals and a lime green pistil.
this flower is pink and white in color, with petals that are white near the center.
this flower has petals that are pink with yellow dots
this flower has petals that are pink and has a yellow center
the flower has bright pink petals around the light colored pollen tube
this pink and white flower has wavy petals and white and green stamen.
this flower is pink in color, and has petals that are wavy along the edges.
this flower has pink flowers and white streaks, white center.
this flower has pink flowers and white streaks, white center.
this flower has pink flowers and white streaks, white center.

the flower has dense yellow petals that are long and thin.
this flower is yellow in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
petals are yellow in color and are oval in shape
the petals are bright yellow in color and have a center that is brown.
the yellow flower has petals that are soft, smooth and arranged in different layers around clustered stamens
this flower has yellow petals as well as a red stamen.
this flower has long yellow petals and a brown pistil.
this flower has a couple of layers of bright yellow petals that are oblong with slightly notched edges.
this flower has petals that are yellow and has orange stamen
this flower has many long slender petals of yellow surrounding a center of orangish red.

large round purple petals surround a white pistil in this large bloom
the flower shown has purple petals as its main feature.
this flower has five wide, slightly overlapping purple petals with rounded edges.
this light purple flower has five distinct large rounded petals with rough edges.
this flower is purple in color, with petals that are ruffled.
the flower has purple petals that are wavy on the edges.
the petals of the flower are in a fan shape, and consist of shades of purple and white throughout.
this flower is purple in color, and has petals that are wilted in appearance.
five purple, rounded petals surround a deep throat to the pistil and stamen.
this flower has petals that are purple and has ruffled edges

the flower has white petals in shaped of bells with green sepal
this flower has several small, bell shaped purple flowers arranged vertically along the stem.
the flower has petals that are white and bell shaped with red anthers.
this flower is white and purple in color, with petals that are spotted on the inside.
beautiful bell shaped petals with magenta speckling inside and white on outside.
this tall white flower grows on a thick stalk and its pedals are trumpet shaped.
this flower has vertical blossoms of pale lilac colored blooms which are tube-shaped.
this flower has white and purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has pink petals that have purple spots on them
this flower is white and purple in color, and has petals that are spotted.

the flower is made of a large green ovary and sepals that are green in color.
these unusual flowers have feathery blue petals and a cone shaped center
spiky leaves layer a green stem that's holding up the spiky and long petals with a cone shaped center and greenish blue pistils.
this is a blue and white coan shaped flower with green leafes
this flower looks bristly and features frost white-green petals.
this flower has a thick spiked green center pod with purple spiked protrusions.
this flower has petals that are purple and has a big stigma
this flower is green and light purple in color, with sharp pointed petals.
the center is upright and ovular with little stickers and the surrounding petals are gray and feathery looking.
the petals on this flower are mostly light green in color and the inner stamen is the color dark green.

this flower has petals that are purple with white shading
this flower is pink in color, with petals that are oval shaped.
these flowers grow on woody branches and on those branches are large long purplish pink cupped flowers.
the petals of the leaves are pink in color with pointed tips and are attached to wooden branches.
the flower shown has large pink petals which are its main feature
this flower has petals that are pink and is very thin
this flower has purple petals as well as a green pedicel.
this flower has light pink and white petals in an upright position with slightly pointed tips.
this flower has pink petals as well as a pedicel.
this flower has very soft, straight petals in varying hues of pink and white.

